{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692716", "title": "Missing Patia convict caught, jailed for 31 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special SIT court that heard the Naroda Patia massacre case on Friday awarded a 31-year jail term to one convict - Suresh alias Shehzad Netalkar, who had been absconding for the past few months.Earlier on August 31, designated judge Jyotsna Yagnik sentenced 31 convicts to imprisonment of various terms ranging from 24 years to imprisonment till death as was the case of Babu Bajrangi. The court also acquitted 29 persons giving them the benefit of doubt. Netalkar was not present on that day in court.After he was produced in court by a special team which nabbed him from Nandurbar, the court appreciated the team's efforts to nab the absconder.Before the court, Netalkar said that he evaded summons as he had family responsibilities. He also said that he wanted to return, but under compulsion to fulfill certain family responsibilities, he chose to stay away. He broke down in the courtroom.His advocate G S Solanki sought mercy from the court saying that Netalkar's son has also been convicted and there is nobody else to look after the family.On the other hand, special prosecutor Akhil Desai and victims' lawyer Shashad Pathan sought exemplary punishment in this case.After hearing the lawyers on aspects of sentencing, the judge punished Netalkar with 31 years' imprisonment. The court held that he was one of the main conspirators who actively participated in violence the entire day on February 28, 2002. The court said that killing 97 persons is not a crime that could be viewed sympathetically.\"Expression of sympathy will be thoroughly misplaced looking at the massacre and killing of innocent people in this case,\" the court observed.The court has put Netalkar in a set with eight accused - the others being Naresh Chhara, Morli Sindhi, Haresh Rathod, Suresh Langado, Premchand Tiwari, Manoj Sindhi and Bipin Panchal. All have been given 31 years' imprisonment for actively participating in conspiracy and violence. \"This reveals their commitment, their priority of life that tremendous bias and their involvement throughout in the crime that went on for the entire day...These accused are such who have not spared a single minute of that day for any other task of their lives and that right from 9.30 am to 8 pm, they were very much on the site unceasingly and continuously committing the crimes,\" the court noticed in order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16692976", "title": "Taliban threaten to attack Imran\u2019s anti-drone rally", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A faction of the Pakistani Taliban on Friday threatened participants of cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan's march on Saturday to South Waziristan's tribal region to protest US drone attacks, saying they will \"be responsible for any loss of life during the rally''.The marchers would include 30 American anti-drone campaigners and Khan's sons besides some Western journalists.The faction distributed pamphlets in Tank, near Waziristan, describing Khan as \"an agent of Israel, the US and Britain, who wanted to strengthen the hold of Jewish and Christian forces in the tribal regions of Pakistan''. \"Khan's march to South Waziristan is a pack of lies and farce. He only wants to make the tribal areas a stronghold of foreign forces in the garb of raising voice against drone attacks,\" said the pamphlets.But Khan vowed to go ahead with the march despite the threat and the government's refusal to allow it. \"I will embark on the planned peace march into the tribal region to protest the drone strikes.''Earlier, the Taliban issued a statement denying reports that they will provide security to the march. \"Our Mujahideen are not so cheap that we will deploy them to protect a westernized and secular person,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16692923", "title": "Arvind Mahila College tohave new commerce wing", "text": "PATNA: With a view to creating greater opportunities of higher education for the city girls, Shri Arvind Mahila College, a constituent unit of Magadh University, has introduced postgraduate teaching in nine subjects from the current academic session (2012-13). These subjects are Hindi, sociology, history, political science, economics, music, commerce, psychology and home science, college principal Asha Singh said.She said the PG classes in these subjects have already begun. Some reputed academics, including retired teachers, have been roped in to ensure quality teaching.The principal further said the classes of science subjects, which are taught up to honours level, have been shifted to the newly-constructed science block from the current session. The state government has sanctioned Rs 25 lakh for furnishing the science laboratories.She said the college would have a separate new commerce block soon. The state government has sanctioned Rs 50 lakh (as first instalment) against the college's proposal of Rs 5 crore for the construction of a five-storied building for commerce teaching. The proposed building will have a modern library, seminar hall and multi-media facility. The college has already been imparting teaching in commerce from intermediate to degree honours stage and has introduced postgraduation course from the current session.The college is developing a sports complex at its premises at Kazipur. The UGC has sanctioned Rs 65 lakh for construction of a stadium and a cafeteria for girls and lighting the entire complex. The college sports ground is also being developed at a cost of Rs 13 lakh sanctioned by the state department of art, culture and youth affairs. The fencing of the college has been completed at an estimated cost of Rs 35 lakh donated by R K Dhawan from MPLAD fund. Besides, a new state-of-the art library has also been constructed from the MPLAD fund and it is being developed as a fully-automated e-library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16694197", "title": "3,000 bicycles distributed to school students in Srirangam", "text": "TRICHY: Students of more than 15 schools falling under chief minister Jayalalithaa's Srirangam constituency were given free bicycles on Friday. State school education, sports and youth affairs minister N R Sivapathy, who has now been entrusted with law, courts and prison portfolios, distributed the cycles to nearly 3,000 students.In keeping with the tradition, the welfare programme was starter at the foot of the Sri Ranganatha Swamy Temple.Sivapathy gave free bicycles worth Rs 91,68,405 to 2,981 students including 1,732 girl students studying 11th standard, from 16 government and government-aided schools. It was the first time in this academic year that the free cycles were distributed. Sivapathy, along with district collector Jayashree Muralidharan, corporation mayor A Jaya and other dignitaries participated in various cycle distribution functions in 16 schools.He appealed to the students to be thankful to the chief minister for providing all the facilities to the students for their education. Moreover, the chief minister had already allocated Rs 15,000 crore for education for this academic year, he told them.Sivapathy also interacted with the students in all 16 schools and advised them to excel in their studies. He told them that if they want to succeed in a particular area in their career, they should have a successful person on the subject as a role model. The students of classes 10 and 12 can experience remarkable progress in their studies if they regularly study between 6 and 7am daily, the minister said.He said that a circular about the 32-point charter of moral lessons has been sent to all the schools through the school education department. The headmasters and the teachers must teach the points to the students, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16691679", "title": "CM turned Koraput programme into party politicking: Congress man", "text": "KORAPUT: Former Koraput MLA Tara Prasad Bahinipati has alleged that misusing its power the ruling BJD converted chief minister Naveen Patniak's government programme at Koraput on Thursday as his party affair.The chief minister during his one-day tour of Koraput had launched several welfare programmes and had distributed land pattas to over 6,000 beneficiaries.\"It was purely a government sponsored programme, which was organized by the district administration. However, to gain popularity, the BJD put its flag all around the meeting place and transformed it into a party programme,\" said Bahinipati. Police had detained several Congress workers, including the former legislator, for showing black flags to the chief minister at the meeting venue.According to the former Congress legislator, people, including beneficiaries who got land pattas from the chief minsiter, were transported to the meeting place from various parts of the district in vehicles displaying BJD flags.\"Donations were collected by BJD leaders from contractors and liquor mafias for the meeting. The government machinery was misused by BJD leaders for the chief minister's programme,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16693702", "title": "Should the government ban matka operations in the state?", "text": "Stopping matka activity is not a practical solution to curb this menace. Matka has very strong roots and this has been proved over the years as all previous attempts to close it have failed miserably and matka has re-emerged stronger. Alternatively, the government should put in place a mechanism to legalize the same so that the state also earns revenue out of it and people can play it freely as they play a lottery. Also, matka is a source of livelihood for a number of people.Reagan Oliveira Engineer, SiolimMatka is a systematic form of gambling that has evolved over the years, and in the interiors of Goa it is not considered bad at all. But gambling is a disease and the victims are women and school going children once they get involved in such activities. It is unfortunate that the government does not have any kind of policy to curb gambling. Banning matka overnight is not possible because government has allowed this business to be carried on for years. Besides, banning matka alone is not a solution as government must have an action plan to curb all such activities. The gambling activities in traditional local and religious festivals like 'jatras, kallo, jagoor' are the root cause of matka.Yugank Naik Student, PondaBanning matka would be ideal. However, actually executing the ban may take a much longer time. The government itself is involved in matka as lower level officials accept bribes. It is a money spinning game for all those involved including politicians. The government is tied down and that's why it has been so successful for so long. No government has managed to put an end to operations till now. There are high returns in these operations as it is not organized.Divyaroop Prakash Business, VascoI feel that matka operations should be stopped because any form of illegal or dishonest way of acquiring money is wrong. I have seen people who play matka and create a habit which cannot be broken. Some people have even left their jobs as they find it easier to make money by indulging in matka. This can lead to disastrous consequences as large amounts of money can also be lost in the process.Anwesha Singbal Activist, Margao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16692560", "title": "Municipality land sold illegally in Jaisalmer, case lodged", "text": "Jaisalmer: Land worth crores of rupees belonging to municipality in Jaisalmer was illegally sold. On getting information about the case, district collector Shuchi Tyagi ordered the police to lodge a case. A few people by making fake no objection certificate (NOC) and affidavit illegally sold the land at Khasra number 518 that belonged to Jaisalmer municipality. Besides this, fake registry was also done.The district collector received a complaint regarding fake selling of municipality land. She asked the assistant collector Om Prakash Vishnoi to carry out a detailed investigation of the case. The assistant collector and the investigation officer found out about the illegal selling of the land.District collector Shuchi Tyagi directed municipality commissioner Ram Kishore Maheshwari to lodge a case with the police against the culprits and also those who purchased the land. Apart from this, investigation is also being conducted about illegal sale deeds of other government lands.Meanwhile, one more case has come to light where the deputy postmaster of Kanod took Rs 1.25 lakh by making fake documents in MGNREGS in January-February 2012. A case has been lodged at Mohangarh police station on the directions of the district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16694012", "title": "Life term for acid attack accused", "text": "LUCKNOW: Additional session judge PM Srivastava has sentenced Mohit Yadav with lifer and fined Rs one lakh for defacing a 24-year-old girl by pouring acid on her in Hazratganj in 2005. The court directed that out of the fine Rs 75,000 be paid to the victim, Monica Singh who was doing fashion designing course in Delhi. The court said that the incident has spoiled the whole life of the girl. The court acquitted Ankur, Punit and Fahim for lack of evidence. The victim's father Mahendra had lodged FIR with Hazratganj police on June 6, 2005 stating that the accused had poured acid on his daughter when she was going from Fun Mall to Shahnajaf Road alongwith her friend Ankur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16693083", "title": "From Down Under to steal Punjabi thunder", "text": "LUDHIANA: Eighteen-year-old Manpneet Grewal, a resident of Australia who is on a visit to India to meet her maternal grandparents, is learning to spin a charkha, use a chakki (traditional flour grinder) and madhani (traditional churner) apart from some other things related to the Punjabi culture.Manpneet, who is pursuing a degree in commerce at Deikin University, Melbourne , said, \"Life here is slow as compared to Australia. However, people here are so warm and affectionate that is really amazing.\"\"Every one in the village treats me with so much of love and care,\" she said.She added that her friends in Australia were anxious to know about the Punjabi culture as she shares with them all the activities that she was doing here. \"Some of them also want to know and learn a few of these things and many even want to come to Ludhiana,\" said Manpneet.\"I have won Miss Punjaban Australia competition and now I will be participating in Miss Punjaban World contest to be held in November. It is an opportunity for me to show as to how close I am to my culture though I live in Australia,\" she added.Manpneet's uncle Kamaljeet Singh Chava, a farmer, said, \"We are proud of Manpneet as she is Punjabi to the core despite having been born and brought up in Australia. She is an ideal for all the Punjabi youth across the globe.\"Jasmer Singh Dhat, organizer of the Miss World Punjaban event and a resident of BRS Nagar, said, \"Punjabis from all over the world will participate in the event that will be held in November this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16691661", "title": "Paan, gutkha banned in south Odisha government offices", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Gutka and paan chewing government employees are seeing red. Perhaps in an effort to lead by example, even though the Odisha government is yet to ban gutka in the state, it has prohibited the use of gutka, paan and tobacco by government employees on office premises in southern Odisha districts.Revenue divisional commissioner (southern division) (RDC) Arabinda Kumar Padhee sent letters to district collectors in this regard on Thursday. Padhee warned of disciplinary action against government employees if they violate the order. The order will be effected in the 10 southern districts of Ganjam, Gajapati, Rayagada, Koraput, Nabarangpur, Malkanagiri, Kalahandi, Nuapada, Kandhamal and Boudh.\"In order to maintain discipline on office premises, I have ordered to strictly implement the government order issued in 1989,\" Padhee said. Chewing of paan and spitting on office premises creates an unclean and filthy environment, affecting the productivity of an organization, he added.While smoking in public premises has already been made a punishable offence, the government in an order on April 25, 1989 banned the use of any intoxicants on office premises by any government servant.Padhee also warned government employees not to leave their headquarters without permission from their bosses. Before leaving their respective districts, the collectors should take permission from the RDC.Several government departments, including panchayat raj, social welfare departments have already instructed their employees not to leave the headquarters without taking permission from their higher officers and without valid reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16692869", "title": "Proclivity to repeat crime, say studies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There has been a spurt in crime against women from attempt to rape to other forms of sexual harassment here. The answer to the problem is scientifically evident for forensic psychiatrists who deal with offenders on a routine basis. There are studies that have proved that there is a proclivity to repeat sexual harassment by an individual.\"It is believed these antisocial elements commit crime either due to preexisting negative attitude or they suffer from some mental disorder. But before labeling offenders as mentally disturbed , there goes a lot more than talking with criminals to understand their psyche,\" said Dr Tobias Mackinnon, consultant forensic psychiatrist, John Howard centre, East London . He is here to attend 13th national conference of association of private psychiatry.However, the psychiatrists who deal with these offenders feel that the problem can be nipped in the bud by involving school teachers. \"Teachers can identify negative tendencies in children and timely counsel them. Help of medicines can also be taken,\" said Dr Mrigendra Das, consultant psychiatrist, Broadmoor Hospital, London.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692610", "title": "Defamation case against M Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: Two more criminal defamation cases have been filed against DMK president M Karunanidhi .The present complaints were filed in the principal sessions court here by the city public prosecutor, M L Jegan, on behalf of K T Pachamal, state minister for environment and forests, and N R Sivapathy, state minister for school education and law.The complaint, which takes exception to a question-answer column published in the DMK party organ 'Murasoli,' also names its editor-publisher S Selvam as co-accused.According to the ministers, Murasoli's issued dated August 23 showed them and the chief minister in a distasteful manner with a view to defame their reputation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16693339", "title": "DM raps officers over bad roads", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District magistrate Rajshekhar inspected the recently constructed roads of the city on Friday. He reprimanded the officers concerned over the poor quality of the roads. He also instructed for blacklisting the erring contractors .The cavalcade of the district magistrate initially examined the lane behind the police office connecting Beli Raod to Jagram crossing. The road has caved-in at various places and the quality of the materials used in the road was also not up to the mark. He instructed the project incharge of Ganga Pollution Unit to cut about 5 per cent from the money allotted to the erring contractor and put him in the blacklist. He also warned that the junior engineer and assistant engineer would be suspended if the road is not made within one week. Later, he examined the road from Jagram crossing to Beli Road.This road was also found not upto the mark. The quality of the material was inferior. He instructed for putting the erring contractor in the black list and also making cut of about 5 per cent from the money sanctioned for road constructionDM also examined the Lala Lajpat Rai Raod ( in new katra). This road has also caved-in at various places and the quality of material was inferior. He instructed that the road should be repaired in proper condition within one week otherwise the concerned assistant and junior engineer would be suspended. He also examined the condition of the road stretching from Manmohan park to Lakshmi crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693990", "title": "Battle for 'Varchasva' begins at IIM Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow's annual cultural and sports festival 'Varchasva' 2012 started on Friday. In the evening, programme on classical music: 'Samavesh' featured live performance by Abhay Rustum Sopori, one of the youngest Santoor player. Many more events kept the participants from over 150 colleges from across India occupied. The first round of the three-day dance workshop saw couples swinging to the beats of Salsa followed by a potpourri of fun literary events called 'Cranium'. Seven teams of India's very best dancers battled it out in Enigma - the group dance competition.Other programmes like 'Uttarang'- the Hindi band competition featuring Hindi music, 'Gods of Gaming' featuring enthusiasts playing games like DOTA and AOE were scheduled during the later part of the day.The sports events saw teams from Faculty of Management Studies, New Delhi; IIM-Indore, IIM-Ranchi, Management Development Institute, Gurgaon and other prestigious colleges fighting each other in cricket, basketball, badminton, carrom and other events. The semi-finals and finals will be covered over the next two days of the fest.The inaugural ceremony was attended by chairman of SBI Kajal Ghose, Pavan Kapoor, CEO HCBL, Prof Neeraj Dwivedi, Prof Satish SM, and other senior faculty members of IIM Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16694038", "title": "Kanshi Ram's death anniversary puts SP govt in dilemma", "text": "LUCKNOW: As Bahujan Samaj Party president Mayawati gears up for a grand public rally on the occasion of sixth death anniversary of the party founder Kanshiram on October 9, the ruling Samajwadi Party government finds itself in a fix - to declare the day a public holiday, or not?When TOI asked senior officials of the secretariat administration department about it, they couldn't give a definite answer. \"If they go with the holiday, it would be like following a practice started by the previous regime and eulogising the founder of the rival Bahujan Samaj Party, and if they don't, the SP government would be tagged anti-dalit,\" says a bureaucrat on the condition of anonymity.The BSP ideologue Kanshi Ram passed away in 2006 and Mayawati declared his death anniversary as a public holiday after coming to power in May 2007. As a practice, holidays are declared in the preceding financial year. So, when Akhilesh Yadav took over the reigns of the state in March earlier this year the notification had already been issued and a calendar of holidays prepared.A senior government functionary confirmed that the calendar issued by the office of secretariat administration does mention October 9 as a public holiday. When contacted, Lucknow district magistrate Anurag Yadav said that since the notification had been issued there remained no doubt that it would be a holiday. However, he added hastily that any change will be decided by the secretariat administration''.Officials in the secretariat administration too were in a fix on how to tackle the issue. It is a case of ideological difference between the two governments. It is certainly a piquant situation,'' said another senior government functionary on the condition of anonymity.Sources said that the October 9 holiday is covered under the negotiable instrument (NI) act following which even the banks will remain closed. Interestingly, the Mayawati government had omitted days like the last Friday of Ramzan from the list of NI Act.During the BSP rule, the day happened to be a grand occasion. Last year, Mayawati unveiled 484 development projects worth Rs 6,035 crore at a programme organised at Kanshiram Smarak Sthal on VIP road. Projects of various departments, which were dedicated to the people, included solid waste management schemes for Kannauj, Rae Bareli, Muzaffarnagar, Kanpur, Agra and Allahabad, worth Rs 4.62 crore, Rs 8.78 crore, Rs 6.57 crore, Rs 56.23 crore, Rs 30.84 crore and Rs 30. 41 crore, respectively.Nothing of that sort is likely to happen this time around. This year, BSP chief Mayawati will address a party rally where she is likely to make her stand clear about the FDI in retail among other issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16693104", "title": "100-odd protesters choke Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: In spite of their best laid plans, police were taken by surprise yet again as a mere 100-odd protesters laid siege to Esplanade on Friday afternoon and forced massive traffic diversions.Last Thursday, too, police were caught off-guard as a rally of about 75,000 stormed into Esplabade and made a run for the American Center. The bitter experience made them over-cautious and they sealed off a 3.5km stretch of JLNehru Road on Thursday in apprehension of a mammoth rally. It turned out to be a damp squib as only 2,000-odd protesters turned up. On Friday, the police not only failed to anticipate the surprise takeover of Esplanade but even allowed the 100-odd men to clog traffic for more than three hours.The main body of the rally stuck to the route, but an apparently unknown group blocked off the vital five-point crossing. These 100-odd youths were not part of the protest rally organized at Shahid Minar by the Ashiqan-e-Rasool, demanding a ban on a controversial anti-Islam movie. \"We don't know who these people were. This was never our intention. We had even tried to convince them to join the rally at Sahid Minar, but they refused,\" said Ashiqan-e-Rasool president Maulana Md Naseen Akhtar Rizwi.The protesters were apparently miffed with the rally being held at Sahid Minar instead of the Metro Channel. They squatted in the middle of JL Nehru Road even as a huge posse of policemen, led by special commissioner of police Shivaji Ghosh, stood metres away. The stretch from Dorina Crossing to MP Birla Planetarium was finally shut to traffic from 2.16 pm to 5.35 pm.\"We had no option but to barricade the stretch and divert traffic through the feeder roads,\" said Dilip Adak, DCP (Traffic).It meant a repeat of the harassment commuters had already faced twice this week. Being stuck on the Park Street flyover in the sweltering afternoon took a toll on 60-year-old Mandira Mitra, who has high blood pressure and an ischemic heart. Sitting in a Prince Anwar Shah Road-Nimtala minibus for over an hour, she started filling dizzy. Most of her co-passengers had walked off. The few who were left splashed water on her face and informed the police. The latter called up her son.Even as Mandira was helped to a chemist's shop on Lindsay Street, her son Shantanu, 32, had a harrowing time getting there from Hazra Road where he works at a bank. He managed to reach her an hour later and took her home. That, too, because the cops had allowed a 30-minute window in the afternoon for hapless people to cross the closed stretch.\"The block at Dorina crossing was further compounded by another rally at College Square attended by 7,000 people,\" said Adak. Police stopped this rally, organized by AIDSO, at RSM Square. But by then, the damage was done.With JL Nehru Road shut, the critical feeder roads - SN Banerjee Road, Park Street and Threatre Road - also were brought to a crippling halt. North-bound traffic was diverted from the planetarium to take the Queensway-Lovers Lane-Kidderpore Road route. South-bound traffic was diverted from Lenin Sarani and CIT Road. For a while, Creek Row was the only route that remained open to reach Esplanade.Children of Loreto Dharamtala were seen sitting inside a pool car just off the Oberoi Grand. The youngest of them, Mihika Chowdhury, a Class III student, was eating her leftover tiffin. \"I am hungry. When will they let us go,\" she kept asking. Their car remained stuck for an hour and was then diverted through Lindsay Street.Joanne Smith, an architect from London who has put up with a group of friends in a Sudder Street hotel, was seen sitting on the staircase of the Indian Museum. Her friends had gone to St Andrew's Church in a hired vehicle and had planned to pick her up on their way to Victoria Memorial. Joanne had decided to spend the time at the museum, studying fossils. She was ready to leave, but her friends were caught up in the jam.\"I could have walked to Victoria, but we have other plans too. I know people have a right to protest, but whenever that happens there are many more who involuntarily suffer,\" Joanne said.New Market shopkeepers were an unhappy lot, too. \"The footfall dropped by 50% on Friday and there is only a couple of weeks to go for the Pujas,\" complained Ajay Pal, a garments shop owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16694227", "title": "Residents are paying for govt inefficiency, apathy", "text": "The private forest land controversy seems to have reached its denouement with the residents' decision but this does not alter the fact that they are paying because of government mistakes and apathy. Flat buyers are now paying for goof-ups , deliberate or inadvertent, made by some babus some years ago. The lack of serious government action against officials indicates an unacceptable degree of condoning of bureaucratic sloth and inefficiency.Related story:  5 lakh citizens on edge over status of homes, yet no action against babus", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693880", "title": "Last flight for haj from Lucknow leaves for Medina", "text": "LUCKNOW: The series of haj flights from Amausi airport, Lucknow and Babatpur airport, Varanasi came to end on Friday. The last two flights carrying 580 haj pilgrims left Amausi airport for Medina. Similarly, the last flight carrying 209 pilgrims departed from Varanasi. It may be mentioned that this time the quota of haj pilgrims allotted for UP was 32,397, out of which 25,389 pilgrims were selected through qurra (lottery).According to an official release, so far haj pilgrims till serial number 10,796 have so far been selected from the wait list. Till the last day on Friday, a total 10,957 haj pilgrims have departed from Lucknow, while 11,859 have left from Delhi. Till date 27,068 haj pilgrims have left UP for Medina.Meanwhile, secretary, State Haj Committee Abrar Ahmad has informed that since the Haj Committee of India, Mumbai has stopped receiving passports, therefore the haj pilgrims selected for the wait list should not submit their passports in the offices of the haj committee in Mumbai and Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16693487", "title": "Civic officials turn blind eye to HC directive on beacon", "text": "KOLKATA: On a day when Calcutta high court observed that it's the state's responsibility to see whether police are enforcing the notification on use of beacons, some mayoral council members and other civic body officials were found flaunting the red lights.A visit to the KMC headquarters on S N Banerjee Road on Friday revealed at least six cars parked in the VIP zone fitted with red beacons. This place is exclusively reserved for mayor-in-council members. There are 10 MMiCs in the KMC and most of them are using SUVs with a red light atop. And not only the MMiCs, some senior officials, other than the municipal commissioner, are also using the red light without a flasher.A division bench of acting Chief Justice Kalyan Jyoti Sengupta and Justice Asim Kumar Mondal on Friday expressed dismay over the failure of the state government to implement its own notification issued five years ago in 2007, modified in 2010, on the use of beacons and beacons with flashers by VIPs who are entitled. to use beacons with flasher and beacons only.The transport department, in a recent notification, has specified 34 categories, who are entitled for red beacons, though there has been rampant misuse of this privilege.Acting upon a petition filed by Khandekar Moazzem Hossain on the misuse of beacons, the division bench has directed the state transport secretary B P Gopalika to circulate the notification among superintendents of police, who in turn should inform the officials working under them. The bench also asked the transport secretary to submit a report on action taken before the court over steps taken against the offenders by the third week of November.The transport secretary has also been asked to collect the compliance reports from the officers-in-charge of all police stations in the state.The bench also wanted the police to examine if cars fitted with beacons have the relevant permission from the motor vehicles department to use the red light.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee also uses an SUV fitted with a red beacon. This apart, officials in the mayor's office too use SUVs which are part of mayor's convoy and flaunt red beacons. Reacting on the issue, the mayor said that he had not received any circular from the state on the use of red beacon. \"I have received no circular from the state government on this issue.Let the state government send the circular first, we will take appropriate action,\" Chatterjee said.Rupa Bagchi, the opposition leader in the KMC, said: \"We should not expect the MMiCs of the ruling party to obey the guidelines set by the state as directed by the Calcutta high court.By using the red beacon, the MMiCs are showing off their power. It is an old habit which is hard to change,\" Bagchi said. According to her, the civic top brass had asked a section of officials and MMiCs to restrain from using red beacons eight years ago reacting to a verdict by the Calcutta high court.In yet another case, a division bench of Justice Ashim Kumar Roy and Justice Dipak Saha Ray directed the DG (traffic) and DC (traffic) on Friday to file a fresh action-taken report to the court by Monday. The bench turned down the report submitted by the police on the ground that they had booked all the offenders under non-bailable sections. Public prosecutor Debashis Roy pointed out that magistrates and munsifs in the district courts are also misusing the government notification on beacon. The bench observed that such practice should be stopped immediately.A division bench of Calcutta High Court had asked the state transport secretary G.P. Gopalika to file an affidavit furnishing a list who are entitled to use a red beacon and a beacon with a flasher. The transport secretary had submitted a list of 34 personalities enlisted for the special status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691239", "title": "Notice to two departments, zone for protecting London Street land encroachers", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognisance of 'official protection' to two contractors who have encroached upon long stretches of London Street land for the last four years, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane issued show cause notices to water works department (WWD) and Pench Project cell, and Laxmi Nagar zone officials. The civic chief also directed the zone to raze the encroachments and recover penalty from the two contractors.A senior NMC official told TOI that Wardhane has sought explanation from the officials of WWD and Pench Project cell as to how they gave permission to the two contractors RM Goplani and Dilip Rathi without the consent of the estate department. \"Executive engineer of water works department Shashikant Hastak and deputy engineer of Pench Project cell Mohammed Israil had given the permissions. Wardhane has also directed the zone officials to raze the encroachments and recover penalties,\" said sources.Meanwhile, a mela has started on the London Street land without any permission. The Laxmi Nagar zone officials removed a few shanties from the project land on Thursday but ignored the mela and encroachments by the two contractors. However, the shanties were back by Friday morning.When contacted, deputy engineer VV Kahalkar and junior engineer Vivek Telrandhe denied having any knowledge about the mela. \"We had given permission for the Ganesh pandal for ten days but not for any mela. We will not take any action against the contractors as they have got permissions,\" said Telrandhe.Shockingly, Laxmi Nagar zone officials have turned a blind eye to encroachments on long stretches of the London Street land by the two contractors. Taking notice of TOI reports, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare had twice directed the zone officials to remove these encroachments. Wardhane, too, had given such directives. However, the officials have not complied with the orders for the last two months. Instead, they have taken a stand that the contractors had permission to utilize the land.In fact, the zone officials submitted documents claiming that WWD had given permission to Rathi for utilizing the London Street land while Goplani had received green signal from the Pench Project cell. Both these departments were not the right authority to give such permission. The estate department, which is the right authority in this case, had not even considered Rathi's proposal a couple of years ago citing standing committee's refusal to the cement road contractor to use the London Street land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16690925", "title": "Main challenge is to face the new ball, says Cheteshwar Pujara", "text": "CHENNAI: Cheteshwar Pujara is trying hard to make the No. 3 slot in the Test team his own. After a good series against New Zealand, he is now preparing for the twin series against England and Australia at home. TOI caught up with the Saurashtra player, who will lead West Zone in the Duleep Trophy match against North Zone, in Chennai.Excerpts...You have been in great form since New Zealand series. It feels nice to get big runs and I'm enjoying my batting now. I had struggled during the India 'A' tour against West Indies. But the series against New Zealand went very well and I am glad that my form continued in the Irani Cup and Challenger Trophy.Are your enjoying the role of captain? I'm enjoying it thoroughly. I'm never scared of responsibility and it's my duty to respect those people who show faith in me. Captaincy allows me to interact with my teammates and it also helps me read the opponent's game. It's an added advantage, not extra pressure.After Rahul Dravid retired, the No. 3 position has been taken by you... I don't like this comparison at all. I can't compare myself with Rahul Dravid. He is a legend and I've just started representing my country. He became synonymous with the number three spot in the Indian batting lineup and I'm aware of its huge importance. It's a huge responsibility for me and I'm trying my best to fulfill everyone's expectations.What are the main challenges for you? The main challenge is to face the new ball. It's always difficult to face the pacers when they are fresh. Pressure builds on you when the opponent gets an early breakthrough and it becomes my job to repair the damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16692631", "title": "Citizens send \u2018lookout poster\u2019 for corporator", "text": "MANGALORE: It's a poster this North Mangalore corporator could have done without.Upset that their repeated pleas to address civic woes fell on deaf ears, the residents of Jeppu Bappal in Mangalore have plastered the walls with lookout posters for area corporator S Appi of the Congress. The area has a healthy mix of the rich and the poor with a fair sprinkling of apartments. Which means the problems of a developing area plenty, and its demands so much more.The poster's message is ominous: \"Those who find the missing corporator will be rewarded suitably.\" Not that Appi, a second-time elected representative, is incommunicado. On Friday, she visited an anganwadi centre in the area. The resentment is so much the residents are planning a Shramaadan on October 8 to make the road motorable.The pathetic condition of the road tops the litany of woes. Area's Kevin D'Souza said Nandigudda Ist Cross Road in Shanthinagar has not been asphalted for six years. The corporator told them to approach the Mangalore City Corporation which has left the residents baffled. Kevin asked: \"Why should we go to the corporation when we have elected a corporator for our area?\"The corporator said she has taken measures to improve the condition of the road. Appi told TOI that Rs 8 lakh has been sanctioned to asphalt the road and the proposal is in the tendering stage. \"We'll start the work once the tender process is complete. I've made arrangements to fill potholes. All other issues will soon be solved soon.\"Another resident Melwyn D'Souza said the corporator was to fill potholes with mud on Friday \u2014 a solution that lasts till the next rain. \"We need a permanent solution,\" he said. Other problems are irregular clearance of garbage and faulty drainage system contaminating wells.Resident Blazevilla Jossey Theodore said they have held meetings with the corporator \"several times\" on developing the road. \"The corporator cited lack of bidders as the reason for the dealy in developing the road. Curiously, second and third cross roads in Nandigudda have been taken care of, but not ours,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16693706", "title": "Khandepar suicide: Bro-in-law charged", "text": "PONDA:Ponda police have registered an FIR against the brother-in-law and other family members of a woman who committed suicide recently. Till late Friday no arrests had been made.IPC Section 306 (abetment to suicide) has been slapped on Sandeep Jaywant Naik and others following directives from sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) and deputy collector Johnson B Fernandes.Fernandes noted, \"The investigation has shown that the accused Sandeep Naik, who is a brother-in-law of the deceased and his other family members with their common intention abused the deceased upon the pretext that she could not conceive a child.\"Lalita Viraj Naik, 32, was found hanging from a sari tied to a fan in the room of her house at Gavthan-Khandepar late night on September 21.Police had initially registered a case of unnatural death under CrPC Section 174.But as her death had occurred within about four years of marriage the case was referred for investigation to the SDM.Fernandes said that he has recorded the statements of several members of Lalita's family and found that her husband Viraj had no role to play in the case.He found that Lalita's brother-in-law Sandeep and some members of the family had been abusing her and that had led her to commit suicide.Following the investigation he directed the Ponda police to register a case of abetment to suicide against the accused and his family members, Fernandes said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692465", "title": "Leaders clear recruitment rules", "text": "PUNE: All party leaders in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Friday cleared the recruitment rules, which has been drafted by the civic administration. The rules will now be forwarded to the state government for final approval. According to the civic administration, these rules will help speed up the recruitment process in the corporation. The rules are also expected to help reduce backdoor entries and corruption in recruitment. To start with, the PMC plans to complete the process of recruitment of around 4,200 people, including 400 engineers, pending for the last four years.The General Body (GB) of the PMC in June this year had approved the recruitment rules, but with 27 supplementary suggestions. The GB had authorized the party leaders to approve the suggestions. \"We have approved 20 supplementary suggestions and rejected others, which raised unnecessary points about qualifications,\" said Subhash Jagtap, NCP leader in the house. He added that the leaders defined maximum qualifications for posts such as peon and contract laborers.Earlier, there was no specific guideline for recruitment in these posts. \"Now, no person with the qualification of SSC or above will be able to apply for these posts. Physical strength matters more than intellectual qualification for these posts. Therefore, we have decided not allow any person, who is has SSC certificate to apply for these posts.\"Jagtap said they have also restricted the number of officials coming to PMC on deputation from state government. \"There were no specific guidelines for recruitment process in the PMC and as a result, recruitments were conducted haphazardly,\" said Jagtap.The PMC started preparing the recruitment guidelines in 2008. It had sought suggestion and objections on it from the public. Over 300 suggestions had been submitted, out of which 140 were accepted while preparing the rule book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16693092", "title": "Prisoners visit Alipore zoo, root for wildlife on canvas", "text": "KOLKATA: Prisoners stepped out of the confines of jails on Friday to attend an art workshop at the Alipore zoo. Among the 20 jail inmates in attendance, 14 male prisoners were from Alipore jail while the six women prisoners were from the Alipore Special jail.Seated in front of cages with their colours and paint brushes, they drew pictures of animals to create awareness on wildlife. The therapeutic workshop helped prisoners to give vent to their frustration on canvas.Twenty prisoners had a first ever opportunity on Friday to attend an art workshop in front of cages of monkeys in Alipore zoo. Most prisoners in attendance were convicts with some even serving life terms. They drew pictures of animals to create awareness on wildlife.\"The workshop was a big change for us, for we rarely get to step out of the jail premises. We are always confined to our cells. But today we are on the other side and getting to watch caged animals. This art therapy is really helping us to get rid of the frustration and drudgery of our life in prison,\" said Mantu Das, a prisoner serving life term.Convicted for murder, Das has been in jail since 2005. He used to be a clay modeller and ran a workshop at Patuapara in Kalighat where he carved out idols. He is using his training in art to help other prisoners improve their artistic skills. On Friday, the prisoner's nimble fingers were busy carving out a clay model of a chimpanzee.Rashid Khan, another lifer convicted for the March 15, 1993 Bowbazar bomb blast, was more at ease with his paint brush. He was painting a tree with birds flying out of it to the expansive azure sky, probably giving vent to his desire for release.Four tribal sculptors from Purulia also attended the workshop. They were carving out figures of birds at Pakipahar.\"Inside the jail, most prisoners feel depressed since they are alienated from the society. The art therapy is to encourage them to learn and later earn when they step out of jail,\" said Chita Dey, who teaches art in various jails. Dey plans to hold an exhibition with paintings of prisoners that were drawn on Friday as part of the Wildlife in Colours workshop.Jail minister Shankar Chakraborty and forest minister Hiten Barman were also present at the workshop to encourage prisoners. They planted trees in the zoo complex. Chakraborty said that till now prisoners were participating in art workshops within the four walls of jails. Friday's session in the zoo was planned to help the prisoners-turned-artists have a better look at the outer world.A similar art workshop will soon held at the Victoria Memorial which will be attended by artists from the prisons, informed Ranveer Kumar, IG (Prisons). Ranveer Kumar, IG (Prisons), informed that a similar art workshop will soon be held at Victoria Memorial where artistes from prisons will be attending a workshop.He said that the number of students at the art and craft school in Alipore jail was on the rise. Paintings and sculptures of prison artists had been on display at various exhibitions and impressed art lovers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16693238", "title": "AU hosts cognitive science symposium", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the occasion of 125th anniversary of Allahabad University, a two-day international symposium on interaction of language, attention, memory and vision was organised at the varsity's Centre of Behavioural and Cognitive Sciences on Friday.The topics discussed at the symposium were of relevance to psycholinguists, psychologists and cognitive scientists across the country and other countries.The symposium started with a welcome address by the head of the department, Prof Narayanan Srinivasan, followed by an inaugural note by Dr Ramesh Mishra who is also the convenor of the symposium. Dr Folk Huettig from Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics then delivered his talk on language vision interaction based on studies conducted on young children, older adults, students, illiterates or low literates, and argued how factors like literacy, working memory capacity, and linguistic differences affect anticipatory eye movements and language processing.Prof Bapi Raju from Centre of Neural and Cognitive Sciences, University of Hyderabad highlighted various aspects of motion verb processing within bilingual and multilingual contexts as per studies on general and patient population.Dr Bhoomika R Kar from CBCS presented her work on interaction of bilingualism and cognitive control.The idea was to explore how knowing two languages will influence cognitive flexibility by using behavioral and electrophysiological data. Rajesh Kasturirangan from NIAS, Bangalore, highlighted theoretical perspective to the present discussion where he emphasized how metaphors plays an important role in embodiment of concepts.Towards the end of the programme, Prof Snehlata Jaiswal from IIT Delhi threw light on the role of attention in binding various features of information such as colour, shape, and location in working memory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16693108", "title": "Post-debate, Romney says victory in sight", "text": "WASHINGTON: A day after gaining an upper hand over Barack Obama in the first presidential debate, a jubilant Republican hopeful Mitt Romney has said that for him, victory in the November 6 polls is \"in sight\" and with people's support, he is going to get it.\"Victory is in sight, and with your help, we'll get there,\" Romney emailed his supporters seeking for donations to fund his last phase of campaign. Thanking supporters for their support, Romney said he and his running mate Paul Ryan were doing everything to \"protect America's future\" and undo the \"damages\" caused in past four years.At a campaign speech in Colorado, Romney said the debate in Denver was a great opportunity for the American people to see two very different visions for the country.\"The people were given a choice between two different visions for America \u2014 one where we continue down the road to become more and more like Europe, where a government gets larger and larger, more and more intrusive in our lives, spending more and more, borrowing more and more, putting us on a road to Greece. The other is a path that returns America to America. Where we restore principles of freedom, hope and opportunity that this nation has always been built upon. I will take us there with your help.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16694055", "title": "Flat-owners on forest land to pay up for clear title", "text": "MUMBAI: Fed up of waiting endlessly for a final resolution, residents on private forest land have decided to pay the differential amount that has been demanded of them by the state government.The decision has been taken following an assurance from revenue and forest department principal secretary Pravin Pardeshi that once the differential amount is paid the government will ensure that they get a clear title to the land on which their housing societies stand.At a meeting with the Hillside Residents Welfare Association two weeks ago, Pardeshi told residents that the matter would not move forward unless they paid the differential amount for afforestation. He told TOI the government would ensure that the regularization was completed under the Forest Conservation Act.\"We have told the residents to pay the differential amount and we will move the matter before the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) under the Forest Conservation Act,'' he said.The department will set up a cell where residents can submit their documents and pay the differential amount. Notices have already been issued to residents.Earlier, residents and builders were charged between Rs 6 and Rs 120 per sq feet on the recommendations of the central empowered committee set up by the Supreme Court. This was increased by 50% taking the minimum amount to Rs 9 per sq feet. The controversy arose after the government collected money to the tune of Rs 100 crore from residents and builders after declaring the private forest land as barren land. This money was collected in 2010 but the state government failed to inform the MoEF that it had decided to charge based on the classification of land as barren.When it approached the MoEF as directed by the Supreme Court for regularization of the constructions, the latter raised objections saying the land could not be classified as barren as it adjoins the Sanjay Gandhi National Park which is a dense forest. The government was directed to reclassify the land and charge the net present value based on the \"dense forest'' classification. \"Initially the net present value was calculated as Rs 7.3 lakh per hectare as the land was classified as barren but now that it has been corrected to dense forest it is Rs 9.39 lakh per hectare,'' said revenue officials, adding that residents were not being charged the cost of the land which would otherwise take the net present value still higher.For two years, the residents were defiant, hopeful that a three-member Supreme Court bench would rule in their favour. However, the bench is yet to be constituted. Their patience exhausted, a majority want the matter to be resolved and done away with. \"Nearly five lakh residents have been affected by the private forest land categorization. Those living in these flats can neither sell or redevelop their properties. A large number of people who had invested in under-construction buildings have retired and are living on rent. They are finding it difficult to make ends meet as their life's savings are stuck in these projects,'' said office-bearers of HIRWA. Prakash Paddikal, president, HIRWA, added that after a clearance from the MoEF, the matter would still go before the Supreme Court. \"We are not going to withdraw our case as we want a clear verdict on this contentious issue,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692518", "title": "Residents recall the terrifying half hour", "text": "PUNE: It was half an hour of sheer terror for residents of Kishkindhanagar slums in Kothrud as miscreants ran amok through the slums beating up residents who came in their way and damaging vehicles in the early hours of Thursday.The residents, including old women and those who had gone out of their homes to answer nature's call, fell prey to the miscreants who thrashed them brutally with iron rods and sharp weapons. The people, who were inside their houses, did not dare to come out since the miscreants were throwing big stones on the roofs and breaking window panes. The residents stayed put near the doors through the remaining hours of the night to prevent the miscreants from entering their houses if they came back. The miscreants torched one motorcycle and damaged 24 vehicles including two-wheelers, three wheelers and a truck.Dattatreya Randive, who was severely thrashed by the miscreants, told TOI, \"Even though the miscreants fled after the police reached, we could not sleep the entire night fearing they would strike again.\"Randive, who is a daily-wage labourer, said that around Wednesday midnight he had gone out of his house to answer nature's call. \"The youths, armed with iron rods and sharp weapons, blocked my path. They hit me on my knee, but I managed to run back inside my house before they could attack me again. The attackers were hurling abuses at everyone and even threw big stones on the roof of my room. My children were sleeping inside and anything could have happened to them,\" he said.He added, \"I work on daily wages, but my knee injury will prevent me from going out to work for the next four to five days. I do not how I will feed my children.\"Another resident, Sunil Kamble, was fast asleep outside his house when he was attacked. \"I woke up to a major blow on my leg. Even before I could get my bearings, I was beaten up with iron rods,\" Kamble said.Kamble's neighbour, Anita Palase, said that the miscreants threw a big stone and broke the window pane in her house. \"My children were sleeping near the window but they fortunately escaped unhurt,\" Palase said.Balu Dolare told TOI that the miscreants tried to enter his house by breaking open the main door. \"They were trying to kick the door open, but my wife and I put our weight against the door to prevent it from breaking. However, they managed to break the upper portion of the door and thrust their weapons inside our house,\" Dolare said.The miscreants also torched a motorcycle in Kishkindhanagar. Mahendra Shinde said, \"Before setting my motorcycle ablaze, they broke all the water storage drums outside the houses in the area, so that we would not get water to douse the fire. We somehow managed to douse the fire and prevented it from spreading.\"Shinde said that the miscreants did not even spare a physically challenged woman. \"They were thrashing my neighbour Rupesh Khanekar, when his physically challenged mother Suman Khanekar tried to intervene. They did not even spare her and thrashed her with rods before fleeing,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693279", "title": "2years on, no decision on cafe-cum-toilet blocks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight high-end cafe-cum-toilet blocks had come up in the city ahead of the Commonwealth Games . Two years on, there is no clarity on the future of these complexes. Though the ruling BJP in the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) had decided to buy the cafe-cum-toilets from the firms that built them, South Delhi Municipal Corporation claims that a final decision in this regard is yet to be taken.Officials say that the committee appointed by the high court to evaluate the construction cost of the blocks is yet to submit its report.\"We had organized a meeting in mid-September but none of the members from PWD, IIT, DDA and other agencies turned up. The decision on buying these structures will depend on the committee's report,\" said Manish Gupta, commissioner, South corporation.The erstwhile MCD had not passed a resolution to buy these toilets. And now, with the corporation facing a serious financial crisis after trifurcation, officials say, buying them is not a financially viable option. \"The decision depends on the cost calculated by the committee. Our finances are limited. If the cost is too high, we might not be able to buy the complexes,\" said Gupta.However, in case the ruling BJP decides to buy the blocks, the opposition will firmly oppose the move. \"This project was sanctioned without approval from the competent authority. Even public opinion was not sought. Strict action should be taken against the officials who were responsible for proposing and approving the project. A heavy penalty should be imposed on them. Why should taxpayers' money be used to cover up the mistakes of the civic agency?\" said Farhad Suri, leader of the opposition, South corporation.Roughly, the civic agency will have to spend more than Rs 10-12 crore on these high-end toilets.Sources say that even if the corporation buys these structures it can't allow commercial activity as their land use has to be changed.\"We can use these structures as public utilities, but no commercial activity can be permitted here till the land use is altered. No resolution has been passed by the corporation to buy these buildings,\" said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693556", "title": "Ghaziabad, Noida feel pinch of UP\u2019s power crunch", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government's decision to stop buying power from energy exchange, while at the same time not resorting to overdrawing from the central grid, has led to a sudden shortage of electricity in the state. The two decisions together have resulted in a significant shortfall of around 3000MW.The shortage has forced the state government to resort to rostering not only in Lucknow, but also cities in the national capital region (Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad) which give maximum revenue to the exchequer. The shortage is despite pleasant weather when the demand for power dips significantly. The present demand for power has been hovering in the range of around 12,000MW, while the state's own generation has been only around 8,500MW.Managing director of UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), AP Mishra, confirmed that the corporation was not buying any power from the exchange causing a shortage of around 700MW.Mishra added that the decision of not overdrawing from the central grid has been taken in the wake of instructions from the central electricity authority (CEA) to maintain grid discipline. UP often overdraws around 2000MW. All that has been reduced to zero, Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693505", "title": "CBI seeks custody of Gali's aide", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Friday sought a 14-day custody of Mehfuz Ali Khan, personal assistant of mining scam accused Gali Janardhan Reddy, to question him about any investments made by the mining baron in foreign companies.The probe agency suspects that Gali Janardhan Reddy invested huge amounts he earned through illegal mining activities in foreign firms.that is investigating the OMC illegal mining case is suspecting that mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy invested huge amounts he earned through illegal means in certain foreign companies and is investigating further into it because all such investments are made from the proceeds of illegal mining scam he led in AP and Karnataka. Accordingly, the probe agency on Friday sought 14 day custody of the personal assistant of mining baron Gali Janardhan ReddyThe CBI secured a prisoner transit warrant from the Bangalore jail where Khan was lodged and produced him in the CBI court herethrough a prisoner transit warrant from a Bengaluru jail and is now seeking to question him to know about the investments made by Janardhan Reddy in certain foreign companies.Principal special judge U Durga Prasad Rao sent Khan to judicial remand till October 17. The judge will hear on October 8 the argument of Khan before deciding on the custody plea of the CBI.Responding to the plea of Khan, the judge directed the authorities to provide special class prisoner status to him.Meanwhile, in a separate development, the AP high court granted bail to Karnataka MLA Suresh Babu and Gali's relative Dasarathrami Reddy in the cash-for-bail scam case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16691934", "title": "Nanavati hospital doctor reviews treatment", "text": "INDORE: The chief radiotherapist of Nanavati Hospital, Mumbai, Dr Nagraj Huilgol reviewed treatment of patients using the indigenous Bhabhatron II teletherapy\u2014an advance radiation therapy at the Indian Institute of Head and Neck Oncology, Indore Cancer Foundation on Friday.Dr Huilgol reviewed the treatment of patients who are currently being treated by the institution using the indigenous Bhabhatron II teletherapy unit, which it has received as a grant-in-aid through the Department of Atomic Energy, Government of India.Institution staff said that 42 patients are currently receiving radiotherapy every day and more than 1400 have been treated on Bhabhatron so far. Dr Nagraj, who is the Editor of Journal for Cancer Research and Therapeutics, suggested ways and means to reduce radiation's side effects. Dr Suresh Verma, superintendent of the Institute and CM Dagaonkar, chairman, planning and development. Dr Amit Joshi, Dr Vikas Gupta and Dr Hamsa Nandini were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16693780", "title": "Mecca-bound: 789 pilgrims to takeoff from Dabolim", "text": "VASCO: Haj pilgrims from Goa and Karnataka will takeoff from the Dabolim airport in Vasco for a pilgrimage to Mecca in Saudi Arabia.For the first time, the quota for airline seats for Karwar and Belgaum pilgrims in Karnataka has been allotted to the Goa airport as it is closer for them than the Bangalore airport. Altogether, 789 passengers will fly to Saudi Arabia on an Air Arabia flight on Sunday, Monday and Tuesday.Iqbal said, \"For the first time, all Goan pilgrims could get a sufficient quota and from Goa, 137 pilgrims will fly to Mecca. The rest are from Karnataka. Around 250 pilgrims from Karnataka have already arrived and the arrangement for their accommodation is looked after by us.\"\"Last year, we had some problem for Goan Haj pilgrims and only 76 seats were given but chief minister Manohar Parrikar and South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha made sure that Goans were looked after this time,\" he added.To brief pilgrims on the do's and don'ts in the flight and at Mecca, three camps were organized. Two camps were held at Margao and one was held at the Verna mosque.\"Many a times, people fly for the first time. Some are aged, so they need to be properly guided to avoid any difficulties there,\" said Iqbal. Pilgrims, who have already started coming in, have been accommodated at Bilal mosque at Chandravaddo, Fatorda.Airport authorities have put up special immigration counters. As the flights will takeoff in the early hours of the day, arrangements like a 'shamiana' to offer namaz, money exchange facilities and other stalls have been set up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16693729", "title": "Keri to get retaining wall along 1km of Tiracol river", "text": "MAPUSA: Panchayat minister Laxmikant Parsekar has assured the residents of Keri that a retaining wall will be built along a kilometre of the Tiracol river to protect the houses along the bank.Around 40 houses are facing a threat of damage and even collapse allegedly on account of the extensive, albeit illegal, sand mining under way in the river.Locals say even the road has been damaged by the large-scale activity that has allegedly caused the river's bank to collapse.On Thursday, while laying the foundation stone for some panchayat projects in the village, Parsekar said the government has approved the proposal to construct the retaining wall.\"Also, 4 crore has been sanctioned for the construction of the retaining wall to save the houses,\" said the Mandrem MLA.He said the work on the wall would be started soon and that it would be taken up in phases.\"The length of the retaining wall will be over 1,250 m,\" said Keri sarpanch Francis Rodrigues.\"Once built, it will prevent water from entering the fields and will also provide protection to the houses along the river's bank,\" he told TOI.The panchayat minister laid the foundation stone for a package of welfare projects to be undertaken under village panchayat funds.These projects include the construction of a footpath, a footbridge, laying of pavers, and the construction of sanitation gutters in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16691527", "title": "Faizan and buddies had a free run: Cops", "text": "BANGALORE: Nobody stopped Mohammed Faizan, 16, and his two friends when they climbed the Golden Chariot parked at the Cantonment railway station. Faizan wanted to show his buddies how Salman Khan jumps off a train in the movie 'Ek Tha Tiger'.\"With no one stopping him, it was a free run for the boy, who along with his two friends marched towards the area adjoining the railway quarters where the Golden Chariot was parked,'' police said.Faizan, a class X student, came close to a high-tension wire after he climbed the train, and was thrown off. Railway police attended to him, by which time his two friends escaped. Police called an ambulance, which rushed to Victoria Hospital. His father Mushtaq Ahmed , who runs a hotel at New Bamboo Bazaar, Shivajinagar, was informed.\"The doctors in the burns ward, where he was admitted, advised us to shift him to Nimhans to treat his head injuries,\" Irfan said.At Nimhans, doctors diagnosed Faizan's injuries as grievous and said chances of his survival were bleak. He died in the hospital around 5am on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693293", "title": "Boy dies day after falling in boiling water", "text": "NEW DELHI: A three-and-a-half years old boy who accidentally fell into a tub of boiling water while at play on Thursday morning, succumbed to his burn injuries on Friday.Police said Saurabh lived with his father Vijay (29), mother Usha (26) and younger brother Shivam (2) in the Jhilmil area close to Vivek Vihar. His father works as a draftsman.\"The tragedy occurred around 11am on Thursday when a neighbour, Dev Shankar Sharma, was boiling water in a large container in an open space. Saurabh's mother had gone to a nearby house to collect some dues, leaving her children playing together. Saurabh started playing around the container and accidentally fell into it,\" said a senior police official. The boy received more than 40% burn injuries.Police said people rushed to rescue him on hearing his screams. The boy was taken to a nearby hospital, from where he was referred to GTB Hospital. He finally succumbed to his injuries on Friday around 4pm after remaining critical for several hours.\"We have registered a case of negligence at Vivek Vihar police station against unknown persons but no arrest has been made so far as further investigations are underway,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "16695533", "title": "Narendra Modi accuses PM of misleading country on Sonia's overseas visits issue", "text": "JAMNAGAR: A more combative Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Friday night accused Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of misleading the country on the issue of Congress president Sonia Gandhi's foreign trips, quoting RTI replies from Indian embassies.\"The Prime Minister is misguiding the country. I ask the Prime Minister as a common man to come clean....The RTI reply received from various Indian embassies abroad says lakhs of rupees were spent on Soniaji's foreign trips,\" Modi claimed.Modi's fresh allegation came on a day when the Prime Minister's Office issued a statement saying government had not spent money on overseas visits of the UPA chairperson or on her medical treatment and rubbished Modi's earlier claim that government had spent Rs 1,880 crore on her travels.Addressing a huge campaign rally here on Friday night, Modi said Ramesh Sharma, a youth from Hisar, had got some information from Indian embassies.\"The PM, in a statement today, said only Rs 3 lakh were spent on her travels abroad,\" Modi said, adding that RTI replies revealed that lakhs of rupees were spent.\"Sonia Gandhi's visit to London twice in 2007 and 2011 -- the money spent was Rs 2.82 lakh and Rs 35 lakh respectively. Her two trips to China -- money spent was Rs 14 lakh and Rs 12 lakh respectively,\" he said, reading from the RTI replies.He went on to give names of other countries she had visited and the expenditures incurred.The chief minister further said he had never sought the details of medical treatment expenses of Sonia Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16692964", "title": "Mahadalit panel member resigns 'in protest'", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Rajya Mahadalit Ayog member Ramchandra Ram on Friday described the Bihar Mahadalit Vikas Mission as a \"pocket agency of bureaucrats\" and announced his resignation from the commission in protest.Initiated under the Societies Registration Act of 1860, the mission functions under the mahadalit commission with an avowed aim to ensure educational, social, economic and political development of the mahadalits.Addressing a presser on the completion of five years of the commission, Ram said the mission was a failure as it had deviated from its goal. \"It has become a puppet in the hands of corrupt babus,\" he said and added the funds released by the state's SC/ST welfare ministry were spent according to the bureaucrats' whims.Citing the example of radio distribution among mahadalits, Ram said it was a huge wastage of funds provided by the government as it sought to push the mahadalits ten years back in this age of cellphones, computers and internet. \"A sum of over Rs 91 crore has been wasted on this programme,\" he said.The Dashrath Manjhi Kaushal Vikas Yojna, under which mahadalit youths were to be imparted training and given employment, has also proved a damp squib as not even 1% of the youths were given employment, Ram alleged and added the scheme to distribute three decimals of land to the landless mahadalits actually made the babus and brokers richer.\"The mahadalits today stand where they were five years back before the formation of the commission for their uplift,\" said Ram, a retired DSP who was appointed a member of the commission in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "sevagram (wardha)", "code": "16691098", "title": "Making toilets and hygiene cool and sexy", "text": "SEVAGRAM (WARDHA): Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Friday vowed to make India open defecation free in by 2022. Over 626 million Indians defecate in the open, making the country world's open defecation capital. It results in deaths of more than 1,000 children due to preventable diarrhoea each day.Ramesh was addressing a motley crowd at Sevagram while launching the maiden 'Nirmal Bharat Yatra' to spearhead innovative ways to help end India's sanitation and hygiene crisis.The 53-day-long yatra will cover five states having high rate of open defecation including Maharashtra. \"Gandhiji gave 'Quit India' call in Sevagram for freedom struggle and today I appeal to all of you to make villages open defecation free because it's an issue of country's pride,\" Ramesh said.The rural development minister linked malnourishment to open defecation saying India is the third biggest economy but poor track record of sanitation. \"If you want to secure future of our generations then make our villages open defecation free,\" he made a fervent appeal. Ramesh also recalled the success stories from Hiwre Bazar and Ralegan Siddhi in the state.On a demand made by Wardha guardian minister Rajendra Mulak to increase grants for construction of toilets from present Rs3,500, Ramesh said the grant per toilet has been already increased to Rs10,000 from this year. Of this Rs4,500 will come under NREGA, Rs3,200 from the Centre, Rs1,400 will be shared by the state and Rs900 by the beneficiary.Ramesh denied the yatra had anything to do with politics. Taking a dig at various yatras taken out in the past by the BJP leaders without naming them, Ramesh said the Nirmal Bharat Yatra had nothing to do with politics. \"I was asked why yatra has been added to the sanitation campaign. I said the yatras in the past were for destruction but the Nirmal yatra is for development,\" he added.\"The foreign direct investment ( FDI ) in retail will come but that will not bring pride to our women. Only toilets in villages can. Cleanliness is the real God,\" Ramesh said amid cheers. He appealed to a large number of school students present at the venue to take the message of the yatra that without sanitation there is no progress.Today, of the 2.5 lakh gram panchayats in India, only 28,000 are 'Nirmal Grams'. \"In 2012, we will add 30,000 more such villages to the list. We plan to spend Rs1.08 lakh crore in the next five years on drinking water and sanitation issues,\" said Ramesh.State minister for sanitation and drinking water supply Laxmanrao Dhoble said Maharashtra has set a target to be open defecation free by 2017.Today, Sikkim is the only state in India to become open defecation free. By April 2013, Himachal Pradesh plans to be in the line followed by Haryana in 2014 and Tamil Nadu in 2015.Executives from Wash United and Quicksand Design Studio, both partners of the yatra, were also present.Thorsten Kiefer, executive director of Wash United, said, \"We have looked at the things Indians really are passionate and excited about and transposed them into a sanitation and hygiene context. What we are trying to do with the yatra is to make toilets and hygiene cool and sexy.\"In addition, the yatra will enjoy the support of some of India's biggest cricket heroes like Sachin Tendulkar as well as Bollywood stars like Vidya Balan. It is sponsored by the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation, GIZ and the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16693966", "title": "October 9 is a holiday as per state government leave calendar", "text": "A senior government functionary confirmed that the calendar issued by the office of secretariat administration does mention October 9 as a public holiday.When contacted, Lucknow district magistrate Anurag Yadav said that since the notification had been issued there remained no doubt that it would be a holiday. However, he added hastily that any change will be decided by the secretariat administration''.Officials in the secretariat administration too were in a fix on how to tackle the issue. It is a case of ideological difference between the two governments. It is certainly a piquant situation,'' said another senior government functionary on the condition of anonymity.Sources said that the October 9 holiday is covered under the negotiable instrument (NI) act following which even the banks will remain closed. Interestingly, the Mayawati government had omitted days like the last Friday of Ramzan from the list of NI Act.During the BSP rule, the day happened to be a grand occasion. Last year, Mayawati unveiled 484 development projects worth Rs 6,035 crore at a programme organised at Kanshiram Smarak Sthal on VIP road.Projects of various departments, which were dedicated to the people, included solid waste management schemes for Kannauj, Rae Bareli, Muzaffarnagar, Kanpur, Agra and Allahabad, worth Rs 4.62 crore, Rs 8.78 crore, Rs 6.57 crore, Rs 56.23 crore, Rs 30.84 crore and Rs 30. 41 crore, respectively.Nothing of that sort is likely to happen this time around.This year, BSP chief Mayawati will address a party rally where she is likely to make her stand clear about the foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in retail among other issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693986", "title": "Dolphin census starts, result on Sunday", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Gangetic river dolphin census and awareness campaign was flagged off by transport minister Raja Mahendra Aridaman Singh on Friday. The state forest department, WWF-India and at least 14 NGOs will jointly do the count and also create awareness among the frontline forest staff and local communities along the river stretches where census would be conducted. The survey will be done along 2,800 kilometres of river stretches in UP, covering Ganga, Yamuna, Son, Ken, Betwa, Chambal, Geruwa and Ghaghra. The final count will be declared by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday. Flagging off the campaign, the Singh said, \"Unplanned development is threatening the ecosystem and this needs to be addressed.\" Senior officials from the forest department and experts from WWF-India were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692458", "title": "2-year-old falls into water tank, drowns", "text": "CHENNAI: A two-year-old boy fell in and drowned in a water tank at a construction site in Pallikaranai on Thursday.Police said Chinarao, son of construction labourers Balrao and Ganga of Andhra Pradesh, had been left in the care of his grandparents while his parents were engaged in construction work at the nearby site.The boy, who was playing outside the house, went near the water tank unnoticed and climbed up the tank. He fell into it. After a while, his grandparents found him missing and launched a frantic search before spotting him in the water tank.They rushed the child to a private hospital where he was declared 'brought dead'. Police registered a case of unnatural death and began investigations.Police said that normally there were a large number of elderly people present during the day time in the quarters where the child died but on Thursday all of them had gone to buy rations leaving behind only a few.Police said that Chinarao was the only child of the couple and a pall of gloom descended on the other families in the construction quarters after the death.The body was moved to the Chromepet General Hospital for post mortem. Police said the boy's mother Ganga had fainted on hearing of the incident and was still in a state of shock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693878", "title": "'Political compulsions prevents us from withdrawing support to UPA'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reiterating Samajwadi Party's opposition to foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said SP is strongly opposed to FDI in retail and insurance sectors, but would not do anything that would allow BJP to take advantage of the situation.Addressing a function in Hathras where he inaugurated the T-20 Invitational World Cup 2012, Akhilesh also said that though SP is in principle opposed to FDI, \"political compulsions\" prevented the party from withdrawing support to the UPA government at the Centre.Stating that his government is making efforts to improve the healthcare, education and infrastructure in the state, Akhilesh said that UP government is taking concrete steps to improve the living conditions of the poor, farmers through a variety of welfare schemes. Saying that efforts would be made to improve the conditions in the Hathras-Aligarh border area, the CMHe also said work was being done to improve the power scenario in the state.To empower children of the poor to be better prepared for competitions through the use of technology, Akhilesh said tablet PCs and laptops would soon be distributed free of cost to students across UP. Referring to the manifesto promises of distributing unemployment allowance and Kanya Vidya Dhan, the CM said were plans were already underway to distribute funds to the needy in UP.Asking more \"good people\" to join politics, Akhilesh said change is necessary in the political system to bring about all round development and prosperity.CM's Azamgarh prog advanced by a dayLucknow: Though the chief minister was to distribute unemployment allowance and Kanya Vidya Dhan to beneficiaries at an official function in Aligarh on Friday, the event was cancelled a few days in advance, without citing any reasons. Sources in the government confirmed that the CM's programme to distribute the allowances in Azamgarh has also now been advanced to October 9, instead of October 10, as was scheduled earlier. In Aligarh, Akhilesh was expected to distribute cheques of unemployment allowance to 1,476 persons and KVD to 2,439 beneficiaries. With the official ceremony cancelled, the dole funds will now be transferred directly into beneficiary accounts, as had already been arranged by the state government, earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "16693486", "title": "Cops to carry out DNA test", "text": "HISAR: Police will conduct DNA test of accused arrested for the gangrape of a minor girl whose father had later committed suicide in Dabra village of the district.There are total 12 accused in the case and while 10 have been arrested, two are still on the run. Police officials said that the DNA test would first be conducted on six of the accused. \"The court has permitted us to carry out DNA test of the accused. The test will be conducted soon to cement our case against the accused,\" said DSP Vinod Kumar.The accused had also filmed the victim during the crime. \"We are still to recover the mobile memory card in which the accused stored the MMS,\" said the DSP.The 16-year-old dalit girl was raped by 12 youths of the village on September 9, but she had revealed the horrific incident to her family on September 18.Victim's father, had committed suicide on the evening of September 18 by consuming poison after coming to know about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692762", "title": "Teesta alleges harassment", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Social activist Teesta Setalvad on Friday approached the Gujarat high court against the inquiry being conducted by cops into Rais Khan's defamation complaint against her.Upon Khan's complaint of defamation, a metropolitan court on July 23 ordered a preliminary inquiry to be concluded within 60 days. DCP of Zone V has been conducting the inquiry.Setalvad has alleged that the investigation officer (IO), who was IPS officer Parixita Gurjar till last week, has been investigating beyond the scope of court orders with a biased attitude. The IO works in collusion with Khan, she claimed. This happens because there is a nexus between Gujarat government and Khan, and both of them desperately try to put her behind bars, she claimed.Accusing Khan of \"forum shopping\" to malign her image by approaching eight different forums since they fell apart, Setalvad has cited Khan's antecedents in the form of his filing applications in SIT courts and trying to damage the prosecution's case.The social activist demanded quashing of the on-going probe and the court order. She categorically stated that she did not oppose the defamation complaint, since it is baseless and the court itself would junk it. But she complained that the inquiry is being conducted with vengeance. She alleged that on the pretext of investigation, the IO questioned witnesses who had deposed in the concluded trials of the post-Godhra cases. \"To put it briefly, the investigation does not appear to be for the purpose of finding out whether the complaint is genuine or false but to discredit the petitioner and others, at the behest of the state government,\" the petition reads.Setalvad sought a stay on the inquiry ordered by the lower court, but Justice R H Shukla refused to stay the process. The high court, however, has sought an explanation in this regard from the state government and Khan and kept further hearing on November 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16691948", "title": "Shetty brothers, PCMC officials get reprieve from court", "text": "PUNE: The Pune district court has given an interim stay on the order of the Pimpri civil court which had directed the police to file a first information report (FIR) in the case of alleged use of forged caste certificates by Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation ( PCMC) standing committee chairman Jagdish Shetty and his brother corporator Ulhas Shetty.The Pimpri court had also directed the police to file FIRs against former municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma, additional commissioner Prakash Kadam and the then returning officer Madhukant Garud. The three officers had appealed in the district court regarding the order passed by the Pimpri court. Kadam said, \"The district court has given an interim stay on the order given by the Pimpri court.\"When asked about PCMC's stand in the case, he said, \"We do not have any role in the alleged use of forged caste certificates. We have worked as per the guidelines given by the state election commission and the Supreme Court judgment that was delivered before the February municipal elections. We just checked whether the candidates have the requisite caste certificates which the Shetty brothers possessed at that time.\"Last month, the Pimpri court had directed the Nigdi polie to file FIRs against Shetty brothers and civic officials. The case had been filed by former Bharatiya Janata Party corporator Bhima Bobade. Bobade had alleged that the Shetty brothers had fraudulently obtained caste certificates showing that they belong to the scheduled caste category.Jagdish Shetty contested the February 2012 civic polls from ward no 8 -Vidyanagar, while Ulhas Shetty contested from ward no 10 - Ajanthanagar-Tuljaivasti. They were elected as NCP corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16691872", "title": "Cops asked to give FIR copies in 24 hrs", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Friday directed the state police to upload FIRs on its website within 24 hours of registration and permit the accused to download a copy of it. The court has ordered the police to implement the direction before January 31, 2013. \"A division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice S K Mishra said this should be done so that the accused can file appropriate application in court as per the law for redressal of their grievances,\" said Arun Kumar Budhia, the petitioner.The court has also directed that police should supply a copy of an FIR to an accused within 24 hours of receipt of the application on payment of a nominal fee. Despite all this, if the accused is denied the FIR copy, then the high court has also provided remedy to them. \"The court has also directed the superintendents of police (SP) of each district to constitute a three-member committee of high ranking officers within eight weeks to deal with the grievances of the accused in case of denial of FIR to them,\" Budhia said. The landmark judgment came in response to a PIL filed by a criminal lawyer, Arun Kumar Budhia, seeking intervention of the high court to enable the accused get copies of the FIR immediately after its registration. The petitioner had highlighted that under the CrPC, the complainant is entitled to get a copy of the FIR immediately after its registration, but not the accused. In absence of the provision, the accused face lots of hardships in seeking appropriate legal relief as they remain unaware of the actual charges pressed against them. As per current practice, an accused has to move court to get a copy of the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16693009", "title": "Faulty account statement may spell trouble for corporation", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation might face serious trouble as the local fund audit has decided to revert the account statement filed by the corporation for 2011-12, citing grave errors. In the statement, the corporation has repeatedly pointed out that the balance of sundry creditors, debtors, loans and advances are subject to confirmation.\"This is completely unacceptable for an account statement. It shows that the figures lack clarity and interestingly, the officials admit it in the statement. Any report prepared on the basis of these figures will be as faulty as the account statement. Hence, the audit department will revert the statement back to the corporation,\" said a local fund audit official.TOI had earlier reported how the civic body had failed in filing the account statement promptly in compliance with Kerala Municipality Act. An official said that the corporation ruling council seemed to have filed the statement in a haste dreading the consequences and this eventually ended in further trouble. Meanwhile, it has also come to light that the account statement has been produced without the knowledge of either the finance committee or the corporation council. P Ashok Kumar, a member of finance committee, revealed that the finance committee was completely unaware of such a statement. As per the procedure, the finance committee will have to prepare the statement for each month and then file the annual statement which will be further approved by the ruling council.\"As a member of the committee, I have no idea about this statement filed by corporation. The committee hasn't approved any account statements for the last nine months,\" said Kumar. In the latest account statement accessed by TOI, the corporation also points out that due to software problem, bank reconciliation is incomplete and so the bank balances are subject to confirmation.\"Such a kind of an explanation is absurd when it comes to submitting the account statement. The corporation is making a serious violation of the Municipality Act by including such strange explanations in the account statement,\" the audit official said.The opposition is also ignorant about the account statement. \"Usually, account statements are very important and it has to be approved by the council. How can the corporation file an account statement without the approval of the corporation council? The ruling council is answerable for this violation,\" said UDF councillor Maheshwaran Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16694131", "title": "Officer-in-charge suspended for not lodging FIR", "text": "DALTONGANJ: DIG Palamu Praveen Kumar Singh suspended an officer-in-charge (OC) J K Azad of Panki police station for declining to lodge an FIR against a Maoist. Azad has been charged with dereliction of duty, suppression of facts and defying order of senior police officer, Singh said. A departmental proceeding has also been ordered against him.Singh said, \"One Sanuj Yadav was kidnapped and held in captivity by a Maoist called Ankit Yadav at Dwarika village in Panki in the last week of September. Though I ordered Azad to lodge an FIR against Yadav he did not register the case at all.\"Though Azad has some big achievements to his name such as taming Maoists in Panki, curbing illegal trade of coal mining, seizure of six dozen or more pressure cookers meant for use as land mines by Maoists etc but his refusal to lodge an FIR has put him in bad light.Singh said that no OC could refuse to register an FIR. On asking what should a police officer do if the victim is reluctant to lodge an FIR, Singh said \"The OC is to register the case on his own if there is reluctance on the part of the victim. But no OC has the right to suppress an incident where a Maoist is involved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16695662", "title": "Satish Kaushik to play a rapist in Kukunoor\u2019s film", "text": "In his long career Satish Kaushik has played it all. But never before has he played a role as revolting as the one in Nagesh Kukunoor's new film Laxmi. In the film about human trafficking Satish is cast as a slime ball who rapes and forces a 20-year old girl into prostitution.The victim is played by Monali Thakur, who was one of the finalists on Season 2 of Indian Idol. She later gained popularity as a playback singer when she sang Zara zara touch me for Katrina Kaif in Abbas-Mustan's Race .Adding discomfort to the repulsive role is the fact that Satish has recently become the father of a daughter. And the character, in Satish's words, makes him squirm. Says the actor, \"It's a real gandaa (dirty) character. I accepted it without a second thought. As an actor I like to play everything from villain to comedian. And Nagesh Kukunoor has written a very sensitive and emotional film about human trafficking. It's about a young girl who is forced into prostitution. She fights back against her tormentors in court and gets them convicted.\"The film is based on a true story that rocked Andhra Pradesh some time ago. Apparently Satish has met the fiend who committed the heinous crime before preparing for the part. Says Satish, \"It's a dirty job to play such a character. But someone's got to do it. What I like about the story is that it allows the girl to get justice. Normally girls who are forced into prostitution are silenced by fear. This girl stands up in court and testifies against the man. I truly admire her, even if my character is at the receiving end.\"Adds Satish, \"My character Reddy is really repulsive. I hate him even more now because I'm the father of a daughter. But what to do? An actor's job is to play any kind of character, no matter how sub-human.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16693705", "title": "Terror accused\u2019s trial adjourned to October 17", "text": "NASHIK: The sessions court on Friday adjourned the trials of Lalbaba Farid alias Bilal and Himayat Baig, to October 17 for further examination of the chief complainant, PI Sukhlal Varpe.Special public prosecutor Ajay Misar said that 19 articles were produced before the court on Friday, which includes a four-page information brochure of the banned outfit Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT), 22 pages of information on making improvised explosive devises, information on chemicals used for explosive materials, apart from a pen drive, memory card, a photograph of the entrance of the Maharashtra Police Academy. Misar added that during the past three days of the trial, PI Varpe told the court how he got information about Bilal and Baig on September 7, 2010, when he and his team were in Nashik for another case. He also gave details about the subsequent arrest of Bilal from the Ashok Nagar area of Satpur.While in Nashik, PI Varpe got a call from additional commissioner of police Sukhwinder Singh informing him about the confidential information of LeT members Bilal and Baig, who had training in explosives as well as weapon handling.On the same day, Varpe contacted the Nashik ATS and launched a hunt for the two in Satpur and arrested Bilal by laying a trap near a cyber-cafe there.When Bilal was intercepted, he asked the ATS officers to reveal their identity and after he was shown the same, he attempted to flee but was nabbed in front of two witnesses. While frisking him the police found a pan card on him with the name Sutar Munir Iqbal, three passport size photographs of him, a photograph of another person, a muster card with the name Amir Parikh of a company and other things. Meanwhile during Friday's trial, Misar also produced two CDs received from the forensic science laboratory.Misar said he has a list of as many as 165 witnesses who would be examined during the hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692682", "title": "All Modi images go off government website", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Government website 'www.gujaratindia.com' is now without any pictures of chief minister Narendra Modi . The photographs, along with text listing achievements of the government, were removed from official websites following directions from the State Election Commission.Anita Karwal, chief electoral officer, Gujarat, said, \"According to the code of conduct, even official websites of the state government cannot have photographs of the council of ministers or any publicity material about the achievements of the government. We asked the science and technology department to remove all objectionable material from the websites.\"Following the direction, all images of Modi on the website have been removed. Even names on the council of ministers have been removed.Instead, the website now has links to webpages on the history of the state, fact files, tourist places and wildlife among others. It also features the legendary figures of Gujarat which include Mahatma Gandhi , Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, Vikram Sarabhai, Dhirubhai Ambani and Jamshedji Tata.District collectors have also swung into action pulling down all political publicity material. In Ahmedabad, the district collector's office which is in charge of the election, said it has removed materials from all areas excluding municipal corporation areas. The corporation will remove publicity materials from its jurisdiction.In nagarpalika areas, about 25 hoardings, 31 banners, 47 wall paintings, 894 posters, 95 flags were removed. In the taluka panchayat area, 66 hoardings, 151 wall paintings and 123 posters were also removed.Ahmedabad District Collector, Vijay Nehra said, all the materials have been removed from the city and district within the mandated 48-hour period. He said teams have now been formed to ensure that no material comes up and if any does, that it is immediately removed.A toll free number, 1800 233 1045, has been launched to register complaints of violations of the model code of conduct, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16694019", "title": "Third fare hike in a year in Mumbai: Autos up minimum Rs 3, taxis Rs 2", "text": "MUMBAI: From October 11, Mumbaikars will have to brace themselves for a costlier commute. The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority (MMRTA) on Friday approved a Rs 3 hike in the minimum autorickshaw fare and Rs 2 for taxis.Minimum auto fare will rise to Rs 15 from Rs 12 and taxi fare to Rs 19 from Rs 17. For every subsequent kilometre, too, black-and-yellow taxis will now charge Rs 12.35 per km against Rs 10.5 earlier; and autorickshaws Rs 9.87 per km against Rs 7.12.A back-of-the-envelope calculation indicates that an auto ride of 2 km would now work out to Rs 20 against Rs 15. For taxis, it would be Rs 25 against Rs 22. The minimum fare for Cool Cabs has also been hiked to Rs 23 from Rs 21; for every subsequent km, it will now be Rs 15.42 against Rs 13.12.This is the third fare hike in the past 12 months for both autorickshaws and taxis. In an effort to pacify consumer activists who have slammed the hike, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said, \"Although fares have been hiked, the transport department has been asked to improve quality of service. Strict action will be initiated against those who do not provide good services or cheat commuters.\"The government ignored consumer organizations' plea that a fare hike should be approved only after recalibration of meters.V N More, transport commissioner, said, \"The recaliberation process will have to completed within 45 days. But it is not practical to hold back the hike till its completion.\"He added, \"The hike has been fixed in accordance with a state government-approved formula. It has taken into account the cost-of-living index, expenses incurred on repairs and maintenance of vehicles, fuel cost, capital cost, insurance and so on.\"The fare chart is likely to be published by October 9. Fare revision will be an annual affair every May.The government has decided to base the minimum fare on 1.5km instead of 1.6km. It has also decided that the meter should drop after every 100 meters instead of 200 meters at present for autorickshaws, and 167 meters for taxis.Taxi unions have called off their planned strike in the wake of the hike. A L Quadros, general secretary, Mumbai Taximen's Union, said, \"We still maintain that the increase announced by the MMRTA is less than the amount recommended by the Hakim Committee. However, in order to avoid inconvenience to the general public, the unions decided to cancel the proposed strike.\"Auto union leader Sharad Rao, on the other hand, said, \"I am extremely happy with the hike that has been offered to rickshaw drivers. However, the government should reconsider its stand on taxi trade and offer them a hike of Rs 3 for minimum fare.\"The transport department said that even though the fare has been increased, it will put in place strict measures to safeguard commuter interests. More said, \"In addition to the existing penalties and action under the Motor Vehicle Act, we have now decided to register complaints under Section 120 of the Indian Penal Code against drivers and permit holders who tamper with meters or use bogus cards.\"In October 2011, the government had provided for a 50 paise hike for every subsequent km to Rs 7 from Rs 6.50. Five months later, in March 2012, autorickshaws and taxis were given an \"interim hike\" in basic fare to Rs 12 from Rs 11, and to Rs 17 from Rs 16, respectively. Cabbies also got a 50 paise hike for every subsequent km to Rs 10.50 from Rs 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16696509", "title": "Bangladesh youth delegation to visit India", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 100-Member Bangladeshi youth delegation will be in India on an eight-day visit starting on Saturday on the invitation of ministry of youth affairs and sports.The itinerary involves interaction with local youth, visits to academic, tourist, industrial and cultural sites.\"It also has elements of educational values and interactive session in different areas ranging from infrastructure development, eco-tourism to information technology.The group comprises 57 males and 39 females from diverse background including students young journalists, entrepreneurs, social workers and representatives from voluntary organisations.\"During their stay in India, the Youth delegation will visit historical sites in Delhi and Agra before departing for Kolkata. In Kolkata, they will be visiting the important tourist and popular sites like Victoria Memorial, Asiatic Society, Botanical Garden and Science City.\"The youth delegation will also have an opportunity to see the footprints of great poet and Nobel Laureate Rabindra Nath Tagore and his beloved creations in Shanti Niketan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16693242", "title": "RBI quiz for kids on Oct 12", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Reserve Bank of India, Kanpur, is organising an All India Inter School Quiz contest at Vigyan Parishad, Prayag on October 12. The aim is to apprise students about the RBI and role and history of other financial institutions, ordinary banking, economics, national and international current affairs and progress of the country.Assistant manager Jivan Kumar Chowdhaury said children from 120 schools will participate in the quiz. He added that two students (from class IX to XII) from each school will participate in the quiz.Apart from students, academicians and bureaucrats have been invited to the quiz. Chowdhury said the RBI has been organising similar quiz contests in 32 cities.He added that three cities of UP -- Kanpur, Allahabad and Lucknow -- have been selected and the quiz has already been held at Kanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16693082", "title": "Kolkata's colour scheme flouts traffic norms", "text": "KOLKATA: Has the blue-and-white wave that swept Kolkata's roads earlier this year broken traffic norms? Carriageway markings on two of the city's flyovers - the one connecting Sector V with the Salt Lake bus depot and the other linking Salt Lake with New Town - have deviated from the yellow-and-black colour scheme recommended by Indian Roads Congress (IRC).Median dividers and inside walls of the two flyovers have been painted in the city's favourite colours, making them quite risky for motorists, according to some experts. Other than flouting internationally accepted rules, they are difficult to spot and follow at night, they point out.IRC recommendations clearly mention that longitudinal markings and centre lines on city's roads should be in yellow. It should be used to mark the road edges as well, the recommendations add. The direction has not been followed in either of the flyovers.\"Yellow and black stripes have been recommended on scientific grounds. These are the two shades that reflect light best and can be spotted easily during daytime as well. The IRC code lays down that white could be used for horizontal markings. At the vertical level, yellow and black are to be used. The same colours are to be used on kerbstones, it adds. But strangely, the norms have been violated on these flyovers,\" said a senior traffic official.Some traffic officials said the KMDA, which has built the fyovers and maintains them, decided on the colours. \"The marking norms are recommended by the IRC. But it is up to the agencies directly responsible for the flyovers to stick to them. It's the KMDA which can explain why the recommended colours were not used,\" said Ajoy Das, former chief traffic and transportation engineer.The markings have left drivers confused. Being used to directions in a different colour scheme, they have been losing precious seconds in figuring them out, some pointed out. \"I was surprised by the blue and white colours on the median at the Wipro flyover. This is dangerous, for drivers are not used to these shades. They are trained to follow signs and markings in yellow and black. Suddenly, on these flyovers they encounter different shades,\" said Terence Mendel, who uses the flyover regularly.Raod markings play an important role in traffic management, say the IRC recommendations. \"They should convey the required information to the driver without distracting his attention from the carriageway, for which the following rudimentary requirements should be met: day visibility, night visibility, wet night visibility and anti-skid,\" the recommendations add. \"The colours used are not suitable for any of these. It blatantly flouts the rules and has been done on a government diktat. Such a thing has never happened anywhere in the country,\" said a former traffic official.The Bidhannagar police said they are yet to begin road markings. \"Our road marking division has not yet been formed. Once it starts functioning, we shall carry out a check. But the road signs at the Wipro and Rajarhat flyovers have been drawn by the Naba Diganta authorities. They must have done it according to some regulations,\" said a senior Bidhannagar police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16693924", "title": "Birlas send legal notice to filmmaker over lyrics", "text": "MUMBAI: The Birlas have sent a legal notice to the makers of the film, Chakravyuh, objecting to the lyrics of the song Mehangai. They argue that the song is intended to tarnish their reputation.The notice dated October 3 has been sent by a legal firm on behalf of M/s Birla Brothers Private Limited, B K Birla, Nirmala Birla, S K Birla, C K Birla, Siddharth Birla, K M Birla and Yash Birla.The song takes a dig at the political and economic situation and includes words such as Birla ho ya Tata, Ambani ho ya Bata, sabne apne chakkar mein desh to hai kaata. \"The notice has been sent to producer-director Prakash Jha, producer Sunil Lulla, songwriter A M Turaz, composer Vijay Verma and singer Kailash Kher. The film is scheduled for release on October 24.The notice states that the Birlas \"take pride, and justifiably so, in having built an impeccable reputation on the foundations of fairness, equality and sustained commitment to the development of society and the country\". It also points out that the group \"has a history spanning 150 years of dedicated service and contribution to the well-being of the nation through social and charitable endeavours\".It has been pointed out that the lyrics, \"even if taken in jest, are undeniably and evidently in poor taste and serve to foster an impression of social and commercial exploitation of the downtrodden on part of the Birla group\". The notice has asked Jha and the others to forthwith \"withdraw\" the derogatory portions within 48 hours with an unconditional apology to be published in the media. It also seeks an undertatking that, in future, they will \"cease and desist, and not make similar or other derogatory imputations in any form against our clients\".The notice says if the \"request of our clients\" is not heeded in the said period, legal action \u2014both civil and criminal \u2014will be initiated and the makers will be held \"responsible for all the costs and consequences\".Jha told TOI: \"I have given the notice to my legal team. But I continue to stand by my conviction; there was no intention to malign or disrespect anybody. One has only intended to portray the common man's sentiment and the voice of protest against the system, governance and industrial exploitation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16693470", "title": "International seminar at St Bede's College", "text": "SHIMLA: A two-day international seminar focusing on different challenges of globalization started at St Bede's College on Friday. Around 250 scholars from across India, Bangladesh and other countries are participating in the seminar. In the two-day meet, delegates will address questions of global growth, investment and employment creation and also deliberate on how to involve relevant UN bodies, World Bank , IMF, WTO and ILO for fair distribution of benefits and cost of globalization, maximization of opportunities and minimization of risks. A souvenir was also released on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692807", "title": "Hospital files complaint against contractor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a case where two specialty hospitals locked horns over delivery of a rare drug, a contractor was named for breach of trust in a police complaint by a city-based hospital. Police have rounded up two and have started questioning the hospital authorities in the case.According to Navrangpura police, Jeetendra Parmar, a resident of Amraiwadi, works with Samved Hospital in Navrangpura as supervisor in the drug department. In his complaint, Parmar has mentioned that the hospital is amongst three centers in the city performing PET scans for cancer patients, other being Civil Hospital and InFocus Diagnostics at Navrangpura. A specific drug Fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) is required for the scan. However, being a radioactive substance, its order and administration is required to be done by authorized persons by the central and state governments' health departments.\"There is also restriction on production of the drugs and thus, FDG comes to Gujarat only through two centers - Mumbai and Chennai. It has to be ordered in more quantity than required as it gets vaporized in transit. It comes by flight from Mumbai on a regular basis. The hospital had given the contract to take the drugs from the airport to hospital to Hemendra Panchal, 54, a resident of Gheekanta, for past three years,\" said PM Sarvaiya, inspector of Navrangpura police station.When Panchal got the latest consignment of FDG at the hospital on Thursday, the box was broken and instead of 100 mcl stock, it was 86 mcl. Suspicious, Panchal was probed by the hospital staff. Panchal then revealed that he had given the stock of medicine to Abid Salim Shaikh,\"Shaikh paid Panchal Rs 1500 and told him that he needed the medicine desperately. The hospital authorities inquired about the patients who underwent PET scan on that day and found out that the drugwhich was then delivered to InFocus. They then filed a complaint against Panchal for breach of trust and Shaikh for the theft. We will record statement of the hospital authorities in the case,\" said an investigator. Officials said that rarity of the drug makes difference of a lot of money for the private diagnostic centers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16694157", "title": "Heritage returns as Puja theme", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Tradition and heritage will be the signature of this year's theme-based puja pandals in the Steel City. From an imaginary village temple to God's paradise, from Jharkhand's ideal village ambience to Metro Rail, the pandals under construction have all the ingredients to create a rustic feeling and bring a nostalgia among the devotees visiting the puja pandals.The Thakur Piyare Singh Dhurandhar Singh Club (TPSDSC) in Kashidih that has traditionally been among the top three puja pandals in the city has announced the construction of the replica of heaven with different avatars of Hindu mythology at the backdrop. The pandal, being constructed by a team of professional structural craftsmen from Alipur, Bengal, will witness the artistic brilliance of sand work.Although the infrastructure of the pandal, which is in the preliminary stages of construction, is being built with fresh bamboo sticks as foundation but the use of thermacol is maximum. Debesh Mondal, a member of the artists team engaged 24x7 in putting up the dream structure in Kashidih, said, \"The external texture of the pandal should have flawless artistic work so that it appeals to the people (pandal hoppers) at first sight. Thermacol is the best available product to produce efficient art within limited time.\"Not willing to share the expenditure cost, TPSDSC senior functionary, Nirbhay Singh said traditionally their pandals have been drawing huge crowds and so without thinking much about expenditure they went ahead with the pandal design.Similarly, The East Bengal Colony Sarbojanin Durga Puja Committee is constructing a replica of thatched-roof-and-clay setting that will invoke rustic felling among the devotees visiting the pandal in Sakchi.Partho Chakraborty, committee volunteer, said, \"Since we have a permanent structure (temple) all we are doing is erecting a pandal around the temple to give a thakur bari touch.\"The Agrico-Sidhgora Sarbojanin Durga Puja committee, which is drawing the attention of the pandal hoppers since about last five years for its impressive structures, is constructing a supposed ideal village of Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693481", "title": "DDA to push transit-linked development projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: DDA on Friday decided to fast-track transit-oriented development projects (ToD) and notify certain projects and corridors where Delhi Development Authority will develop the influence zone following development control norms.According to officials, the pilot ToD project will be the Karkardooma project and the corridor influence zone will be the Chhattarpur Arjan Garh corridor, Peeragarhi-Tikri Kalan corridor, Nehru Place-Badarpur corridor and the Dwarka Mor-Dwarka Sector 21 corridor.DDA also decided to frame a policy for continuation of seven temporary cinemas in the capital. \"It was explained that the cinemas which had been in existence for a long time but have no legal status can be regularized with certain conditions. It was decided that floor area ratio (FAR) for these cinemas will be allowed up to 100 subject to a maximum of 2,000 sq m of the built-up area. In case a hall has more land, the rest of the area will be kept green. For parking, it was decided that it should be 3 ECS per 100 sq m of the built-up space,\" said an official.Amendments to the 2021 master plan also came up in the DDA meeting which decided to allow multi-disciplinary clinics under 'clinic' in the 'other activities' column of mixed-use regulations. This came following a request from the Delhi government that activities like physiotherapy, pathological labs should be allowed under the 'clinic' category to make all facilities available under one roof. DDA officials said public feedback had been invited for this amendment, but as no objection or suggestion had been received, it was placed before the meeting and the same was approved.DDA also suggested that for every community hall being constructed by it, a floor should be earmarked for elderly people's recreation and relaxation/reading. The suggestion was welcomed by the lieutenant governor and DDA would work on the plan.A proposal for setting up a national institute of technology in Zone PI, Narela sub-city, was also approved as land is not available in other parts of Delhi. The human resource development ministry has requested for the institute, which will be developed as a full-fledged university campus.DDA has also decided to make fresh recruitments. Recruitment of assistant executive engineers (civil) and AEE (electrical and mechanical) will be done through GATE 2013. \"Successful applicants will be called for interview. For ministerial cadres at the level of assistant directors, professionals such as MBAs, chartered accountants and cost accountants will be recruited. This will also apply to the recruitment of assistant account officers,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16692195", "title": "Congress defends Robert Vadra, terms allegations as 'baseless and defamatory'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress slammed allegations against Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra as \"baseless and defamatory\", and sought to fight its way out of the storm triggered by anti-corruption activists by dismissing them as BJP's proxies.Information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni questioned the insinuation that zero-interest loan by real estate firm DLF was quid pro quo with an individual linked to the first family of the ruling party. \"It is for the entity that gives loan to decide the terms of loan. It is between the two individuals,\" she said, insisting that Vadra was a common man having a business of his own. MoS parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla said Vadra had declared all the loans which showed that his dealings were above board.\"There was no quid pro quo. There was no favour given to DLF which is working in all states and has bought land even in non-Congress-ruled states,\" he said.The issue, which broke the run of applause for government's reforms measures and brought the issue of corruption uncomfortably close to the leadership, figured in the meeting of the party's core group. Congress managers came to know about the impending expose by former Anna Hazare associates, including Prashant Bhushan and Shanti Bhushan but kept quiet till the BJP seized upon the allegations to say that the issue had \"links with Congress president's household\".A stung party swiftly wheeled out its big guns to slam the charge against Vadra and question the activists' motives. The sight was interesting since Congress has in the past been awkward about Vadra's flamboyance, a regular on Page 3 for bodybuilding and business, which contrasted strongly with the media-shy Rahul Gandhi . His comments about his political ambitions during the UP polls had led to discomfiture in party ranks.Vadra's links with DLF had been a subject of discreet conversation in party circles, with many apprehensive of its fallout. That the activists decided to unleash the charge during the campaign for Gujarat polls led party spokesperson Manish Tewari to allege a BJP hand in the matter.He said the \"baseless, misconceived and utterly irresponsible\" charges were aimed at hurting Congress ahead of assembly polls. \"Coming ahead of Gujarat and Himachal polls, it shows the so-called civil society groups are morphing into a political party but it is nothing more than a B-team of BJP,\" he said. Salman Khurshid and Jayanthi Natarajan held forth on TV to rubbish the charges. Party spokesman Rashid Alvi wondered why civil society always rushed to the media instead of going to the enforcement machinery which is empowered to probe the highest authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693431", "title": "Security guard killed in accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: A security guard was killed in an accident after he was hit by a car while he was crossing the road at Press Club, Somajiguda on Friday night. The panicked driver left the car and fled from the spot.Punjagutta police said that Adaviah, 55, who is a security guard in a company called Lumbini in Somajiguda, died when he was hit by a Swift car (AP 9 CC 2580). He died on the spot as he had suffered a head injury.\"Adaviah was on his way to get food for some of the employees in his company. The car driver fled the location. But he left the car on the road itself,\" Punjagutta sub-inspector Jawahar said.A case of rash and negligent driving causing death was registered against the unknown car driver. Investigation is on to find the person who was driving the car at the time of the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693456", "title": "3 terror suspects acquitted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three alleged Lashkar-e-Toiba terrorists, including a Pakistani national, facing trial on charges of plotting an attack to disrupt celebrations being held in 2007 to mark the 150th anniversary of the First War of Independence, were on Friday acquitted by a trial court.Additional sessions judge Savita Rao acquitted Mohammad Hasan alias Abu Qasim of Pakistan and Shafqat Iqbal Mir and Shabbir Ahmed of Doda in Jammu and Kashmir, saying the prosecution has failed to prove its charges against them.The court, however, held the Pakistani national guilty of entering and staying in India illegally. He is to be sentenced next week.The police had claimed it had arrested the trio in April 2007 from outside Dilli Haat in south Delhi while they were exchanging bags of explosives. All the three had been booked for waging war against the country under the Indian Penal Code and also under the Explosive Substances Act.The prosecution had claimed the three had been asked to target the celebrations organised in the capital to mark the 150th anniversary of the First War of Independence.During the trial, M S Khan, counsel for the accused, had argued the police could not prove that they were LeT operatives and were here to carry out strikes. He also alleged that investigating agency had failed to produce before the court the hand grenades alleged to have been recovered from the trio. Khan had also argued that the police had failed to prove its case that the trio were in touch with Abu Alqama, the LeT chief of operations in India.According to special cell of the Delhi police, accused Abu Kasim was the alleged LeT mastermind who was to carry out blasts in Delhi on instructions from top LeT commander Abu Alkama based in Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692634", "title": "Academician Dhool Singh no more", "text": "JAIPUR: Noted academician Dhool Singh who retired as member Rajasthan Public Service Commission, passed away on Thursday. He died at his residence in Jaipur. He has been survived by his wife and five sons.Prof Singh had a stint at Harvard Business School where he completed his international teacher's programme in 1962. He had also served as head and dean of Kurukshetra University, Haryana Agriculture University, Hissar Agriculture University and BITS Pilani. He had also represented on the board of governors for defence in two ministries.His path breaking research studies namely - Land reforms in Rajasthan; Wealth and welfare of Shekhawati - were sponsored by the planning commission. The economic development of Rajasthan owes a lot to his first research study on land reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16694265", "title": "Programme for mothers-to-be commences in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: A voluntary programme on 'Safe Motherhood Through Ayurveda' launched by doctors from faculty of Ayurveda , Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU), began its training sessions for women on Thursday.Around 65 women have registered for the programme so far. According to the convener of the programme, Dr Manjari Dwivedi, as many as seven training sessions will be held over four months. A pre-analysis of each woman is being conducted followed by registration, training session and health check up process.Moreover, doctors from different departments of the faculty are imparting training in yoga, balanced diet, home-based preparations of ayurvedic medicines to fight common ailments, and lifestyle that needs to be adopted during pregnancy.\"Apart from discussions on general healthy habits that have to be followed during pregnancy, the programme includes interactive and counselling sessions for every women to help them deal with stress, depression, family problems and other related stress,\" informed Dr Anuradha Roy, assistant professor, IMS, BHU. She said women under 22 weeks of pregnancy are being registered and given a red card. Besides, women who are not pregnant but interested in the programme are being registered with a yellow card.Notably, the unique welfare programme of the faculty is free of cost and is not funded by any organisation or government machinery. According to Dwivedi, in later sessions, audio visual presentations will also be made for women to discuss their health during gestation period.\"The department has carried out research on the effects of ayurvedic medicines like Shatavari Ksheerpak, Amalki Rasayan, Kebuk, and Dashmularishta, and found favourable results on women's health during pregnancy. Some of these medicines will be given to women under the supervision of experts and doctors of the faculty,\" informed Dwivedi.However, the health check up conducted in the programme is not a substitute to routine health check up, the doctors said, but only an add-on. According to Dwivedi, a survey conducted by UNICEF in 2008 revealed that in India, nearly 65% of the total deliveries are performed by unqualified people at home. Out of these, 15 % cases are life threatening for the women. \"On the other hand, a household survey performed in Uttar Pradesh in the same year revealed that 74.5% deliveries in the state are conducted at home,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16693531", "title": "Haryana khap seeks to build India-Pak ties", "text": "ROHTAK: Having got a bad name for their unlawful social diktats, Haryana's khap panchayats, as kangaroo courts are known in villages across the state, are now working to change their image and work towards improvement of India-Pakistan ties.The Gulia khap, which is active in 24 villages of the Jhajjar region, about 40 km from the national capital, is going to felicitate six human and civil rights activists of Pakistan in collaboration with the group Sailor Relief Fund (SRF) for their \"outstanding efforts\" in the social sector at the International Sadhbhawana Samaroh.The function will be organised in Laadpur village on October 14.\"Former Pakistan federal minister for human rights and adviser to the United Nations Human Rights Council, Ansar Burney, will lead the Pakistan activists' group,\" Sampa Arya, chairperson of SRF, told IANS here.\"Haryana education minister Geeta Bhukkal, MP Deepender Hooda, and vice chairman of National Commission for Scheduled Castes Raj Kumar Verka will also be present at the function to spread the message of brotherhood and peace among people of both the nations,\" said Arya.It was the first time, she said, that a khap would honour foreign human right activists for their commendable work. Khaps are viewed as primarily responsible for encouraging honour killings and caste and community segregation and passing strictures against those who do not follow tradtional social customs.Now, in July this year, a khap of women in Bibipur village of Jind district had resolved to fight against female foeticide.The village had a skewed sex ratio of only 845 girls for 1,000 boys.Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda had announced a grant of Rs 1 crore (Rs 10 million) for the village following this initiative. Three other khaps in Fatehabad, Bhiwani and Kaithal districts also followed in announcing their fight against female foeticide.\"The function is being organised not only to honour those Pakistan social activists who are working with dedication at the international level for social causes but also to make sincere efforts to strike a better rapport between India and Pakistan,\" said Arya.Burney, she said, was amongst the few activists who had played a vital role in getting Indian sailors freed from the clutches of Somali pirates in 2011.\"It was none other than Burney who helped six Indian families to get their kin released from the pirates in 2011. One of the captured sailors was my husband Ravinder Gulia,\" Arya said.\"Representatives of Gulia khap and residents of Laadpur village are excited about this historical programme,\" said chief of Gulia khap Ramphal Gulia.\"We are inviting people of nearby villages to ensure their significant participation in the programme,\" said Gulia, adding that the programme could be a milestone in the direction of normalising relations between India and Pakistan.Apart from the dignitaries, social activists from nearby district and states and residents from 24 villages of Jhajjar district have also been invited to the function.An interaction over bilateral issues between India and Pakistan would be organised, said Arya.To ensure the significant participation in the programme, the Gulia khap representatives and the SRF activists were also visiting different villages to inform and invite the villagers, Arya added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692742", "title": "Ahmedabad gets a dose of French graphic magic", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city welcomed one of its most prestigious guests on Friday with Jacques-Remy Girerd bracing the second edition of NID's animation festival in collaboration with Alliance Francaise. Graphic narrative project in its second year has got bigger and better with events lined up for the next seven days, including interactions on film making with the master French storyteller Girerd himself.The fest opened with the inauguration of Constellation, an exhibition of animation and graphic works of 15 artists across the world. Claire Fouquet, Elena Forcato, Elric Dufao and Jean-Luc Greco are some of the popular names in graphic novels who showcased their work. The works of Mi-Young Baek from South Korea, who started from being under privileged to being inspired by her own surroundings, were especially poignant. So was another artist, Tigran Mangassarian from Armenia, who displayed his works influenced by the Second World War.Girerd loved the atmosphere of NID and the eager learners around him. \"India is evolving at a fast pace. One must always be inspired by one's culture. But learn to imagine beyond the existing norms if you want to create something unique,\" he said.Popular city-based author Esther David said: \"Graphic novels are a very powerful medium. They express a lot in a minimal way. I love illustrating my books. And collaborating with a graphic artist for my next book is something I am looking forward to.\"The exhibitions, film screenings and interactions on filmmaking will be on till October 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691853", "title": "Trader hid diamonds worth Rs 2cr in socks", "text": "MUMBAI: A diamond merchant was arrested by the Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) of the Customs department late on Thursday night for allegedly attempting to smuggle diamonds into India. The merchant, a malabar Hill resident, was carrying diamonds worth Rs 2 crore. He was later released on bail.Customs officials said Suken Mehta (49) landed in Mumbai from Hong Kong on a Jet Airways flight. He was carrying only a handbag and had no check-in luggage. \"He opted for the green channel and was walking past when AIU officials stopped him. Since he didn't have any check-in luggage, he was taken aside for a personal check and interrogation,\" an official said.During the personal check, AIU officials found diamond pieces stuffed inside two pockets in his trousers and many more stuffed inside his socks. Officials said they seized 2,000 big and small pieces of diamonds from Mehta. The merchant reportedly told the AIU that he wanted to evade duty on the diamonds.Mehta was intercepted by a team led by assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede\"Mehta runs a cut and polish diamond business and had got the diamonds for commercial use. He wanted to escape the duty levied on diamonds,\" an official said. According to the AIU, the total duty on the diamonds would have been Rs 2 lakh.\"He would have had to pay two percent of the total value. To evade that, he resorted to these tactics,\" an AIU official said. Mehta was later produced by Customs in the magistrate court and was released on bail of Rs 2 lakh. Officials said due to the constant rise in gold prices and with diamonds becoming more expensive, many passengers buy them at cheaper rates abroad and try to evade duty.\"There have been many cases in the recent past where people who are not smugglers have tried to evade duty by concealing gold and diamonds and not declaring them. Passengers need to be aware that if caught, it is notified as a criminal activity,\" a Customs official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692514", "title": "State prisons dept website launched", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Prisons Department on Friday launched its website - www.mahaprisons.gov.in - which will proffer information on tendering process, implementation of Right to Information Act, prisoners' population, jail industry, communication between the department and citizens, among the other related things. At present, the state has nine central jails, 28 district jails, five open jails, one open colony and 172 sub-jails. For women, there are two separate jails and an open jail at Mumbai and Pune. The prisons department is divided into four parts - southern, western, central and eastern region.The prisons department has been in news after the murder of the Indian Mujahideen operative Qateel Siddiqui at the Yerawada central jail on June 8.Additional director general of police (prisons) Meeran Chadha Borwankar, who was earlier Pune police commissioner, said, \"It was really surprising that the department did not have a website of its own. The website will bring all the functioning of the department to the fore and any information about the department would be just a click away.\"Borwankar said the website has sections on the history of prisons, correctional programmes, establishment and products from various manufacturing units run by jails and jail farms. \"There are a range of products from our manufacturing units, including furniture items, handloom and bakery products. Many people do not know about our farm produce. All these will now be communicated to people and will be just a click away. The website for the first few days will be visible at www.mahaprisons.maharashtra.gov.in,\" Borwankar said.Borwankar said the website could be completed only with the support from IT secretary Rajesh Agarwal and MahaOnline's Satnam Sethi and Sumit Singh.Those who contributed to the development of the website were jail department senior officers, including Swati Sathe, Rajendra Dhamne, Yogesh Desai and Ramesh Kamble and officer staffer Sandip Jagtap.CCTVs at Yerawada, other jailsTo improve security in jails, the Maharashtra state prisons department on Friday sent a proposal to the state government to install closed circuit television cameras (CCTVs). Additional director general of police (prisons) Meeran Chadha Borwankar said, \"The CCTVs will be installed at Arthur Road, Taloja and Yerawada jails in the first phase.\" Bowarnkar said the proposals for providing weapons, hand-held metal detectors and door frame metal detectors to the jail policemen will be soon sent to the government for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16691412", "title": "Karnataka high court quashes land acquisition for industries", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Friday quashed the acquisition of land by the Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board (KIADB) in the ecologically sensitive catchment area of Thippagondanahalli reservoir which supplies drinking water to Bangalore city.\"When the entire area proposed for the Somapura Industrial Layout is within the catchment area of TG Halli reservoir, the state government should have considered what is so inevitable about this land. One cannot comprehend that an industrial area and a catchment area for drinking water can co-exist by mere regulation,\" Justice AS Bopanna observed, while quashing notification acquiring 6 acres of agricultural land in Chandanahosahalli under Somapura hobli in Nelamangala taluk.He also noted that the government had said the area is not ecologically sensitive when a presentation was made to the ministry of environment and forests. He further observed that the pollution control board had decided against giving consent to industries. The petition was filed by some land owners challenging the acquisition of land for an industrial layout.Poster menaceThe high court on Friday suggested that booking of cases against political leaders whose photos are found in illegal poster and banners can help curb the menace.\"Once you take action against political leaders, their followers will fall in line. You can make the leaders co-accused in those cases,\" a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed while adjourning the hearing on this issue.The government advocate placing the affidavit filed by police commissioner N Jyothi Prakash Mirji said till September 15, 193 cases have been booked in Bangalore city and there have been 72 convictions. Counsel for BBMP informed the court that BBMP had undertaken to paint walls to prevent people from putting up posters. He also said the civic authority is referring cases to police for further action.The court is hearing two PILs -- one filed by B Krishna Bhat in 2007 and another by advocate Rajaram Sooryambail this year. Sooryambail claims police are not taking any action though they have powers under the Police Act.Notice to governmentJustice BS Patil on Friday ordered notice to the state government with regard to a petition filed by the Advocates Association of Bangalore challenging the appointment of Justice Vaidyanatha commission of inquiry to probe the March 2 violence at the City Civil Court Complex. The AAB claimed that constitution of this commission of enquiry amounts to parallel probe as the high court had already ordered a probe by a Special Investigation Team headed by former CBI director RK Raghavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16692567", "title": "8crore heroin seized, five arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: The special cell of Delhi Police has busted an interstate gang of drugs suppliers with the arrest of five people. Cops have seized high-quality heroin worth Rs 8 crore in the international market. They have found the involvement of one of the accused in a robbery in the city.The accused have been identified as Akram Khan, (22), Abdul Rehman (20), Imran Khan (24), Mohammad Sami and Javed Khan. Police have also recovered 7 cellphones and eight SIM cards.\"They were part of an interstate drug syndicate active in Uttar Pradesh and Delhi led by Imran and his brother Taimur. Bareilly is an opium-growing area and crude heroin is locally available. They distilled the crude heroin at their village Bahera. Imran and his associate Abdul Rehman came to Delhi with the consignments. They handed over the parcels to their couriers Akram and Javed. One of their main receivers was Sami,\" said a senior police officer.Sami is a miscreant of Chandni Mahal area and has been involved in 21 criminal cases. He was also involved in a case of dacoity of cash and jewellery worth Rs 5 crore in Anand Vihar area in 1996, and has been convicted in some cases.Akram Khan used to work in a shoe assembling unit, but joined the drug syndicate due to financial troubles .Javed worked in a tailoring unit at Patel Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693985", "title": "Five days after posting, new LMC chief yet to take charge", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even five days after his posting, city's new municipal commissioner, NKS Chauhan, is yet to join his duties, fuelling speculations that urban development minister Azam Khan was not happy with his appointment. Azam, reportedly, was not taken into confidence before Chauhan's name was finalized by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.Chauhan told TOI that he was not able to join due to some 'personal' reasons. He, however, refused to elaborate either on the reasons or his plans for Lucknow, indicating he was still awaiting confirmation to the effect of the transfer orders issued by the government on Sunday.The difference of opinion between Azam and Akhilesh had earlier cropped up in August when the chief minister did not accept Azam's recommendation to suspended the then municipal commissioner NP Singh on charges of callousness in performing his duties. It was only almost a month later, on September 3, that the state government eventually transferred Singh and put him on a waiting list.Meanwhile, grapevine in the civic quarters has it that officials are intentionally refraining from being considered for the post of civic chief of Lucknow given the constant scrutiny and pressure the municipal commissioner has to face. The ultimate sufferer in the process is the civic body, where work has come to a standstill in absence of a full-time commissioner. It is speculated that the government seems least concerned to post anyone, but a loyalist at the post.\"Lucknow being home to significant number of VIPs, the civic chief remains on his toes the entire day handling bizarre instructions from higher ups which may vary from facilitating petty contracts in favour of somebody, to ensuring encroachment or garbage-free streets in VIP localities,\" a senior LMC official said, lamenting over the current state of affairs.Therefore, over 30 lakh Lucknowites will have no option but to wait for a new civic chief, while crucial policy decisions and approval of civic projects, essential for smooth functioning of day-to-day civic infrastructure, will continue to suffer. The crucial house session that was to be held during the last week of September to take stock of things that have gone by during the first half of this fiscal, had to be suspended.Lucknow mayor Dinesh Sharma, however, chose to play safe on the issue. \"It is the prerogative of the state government to appoint the commissioner of the civic body and we can only be hopeful to have a full-time civic chief as soon as possible.\"Major roadblocks that that need immediate attention are allocation of funds under the 13th Financial Commission and Samagra Vikas Yojana, approval and action on municipal solid waste project, development grant allocated to corporators, revision of salaries of civic employees as per recommendations of sixth pay commission, appointment on vacant positions, and appointment of contractual workers for garbage collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692718", "title": "Possibility of varying prices of LPG cylinders baffle consumers", "text": "JAIPUR: The limit on the domestic Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG) cylinders has left consumers baffled. Be it the pricing or the number of cylinders to be made available, there's much confusion among connection holders. The decision of oil and gas companies to put release of new connections on hold has added to the worries of the aam aadmi.Multiple pricing of cylinders, with the possibility of price variation every month, has put consumers in a spot. \"We still don't know how many cylinders, and on what rates, will be provided to us. Some say it would be available at Rs 900 but by what I hear in the news channels, we will get it for Rs 380 at least for some more months. I am not sure how this system is working,\" said Seema Jain, a housewife.The oil and gas company officials claimed that the rates of the seventh (for Rajasthan it is tenth) cylinder will be decided based on the international prices. \"It could be anything as the cylinder rates will be unregulated and decided by the international prices. As of now it is Rs 722.50 in Jaipur but next month it may fall or rise\" said the Gumeet Singh, GM of IOC.The Central government on September 14 decided to cap the number of subsidized LPG cylinders to six per household in the current financial year. From the day of announcement, a consumer could now avail of only three cylinders till March 31, 2013.The Rajasthan government, in a bid to provide relief to 67.38 lakh connection holders in the state, announced an additional subsidy on three more cylinders. That makes the effective supply of nine cylinders to the consumers in the state till March 31 next year.The notification is yet to be issued by the state government, and therefore, the clarity over whether the state will offer subsidy on all the three cylinders or will limit it to two for the current financial year is yet to be achieved.In the state capital, a 14.2 kg LPG cylinder will be available for Rs 376.50. After crossing the limit of nine subsidized cylinders (six from Union government and three from state government), a cylinder will be available at Rs 722.50. For the non-domestic (exempted) category, the price will be Rs 992.50 per cylinder.On new connections, officials claimed that while booking is on, the release of new connections has been put in abeyance. \"We are developing a software which will link the data on number of consumers between all the three companies supplying LPG,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693107", "title": "Kingfisher Airlines gets DGCA notice, may lose flying licence", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Directorate General of Civil Aviation dealt another blow to beleaguered airline Kingfisher by issuing it a showcause notice on Friday, asking why its flying licence should not be suspended or cancelled for failing to \"establish a safe, efficient and reliable services as required\" under the Aircraft Rules of 1937.Kingfisher has 15 days to respond. DGCA chief Arun Mishra said he had reviewed the situation on Friday. The decision was based on the airline's performance over the past 10 months.Airline CEO told to submit operational plan to DGCAKingfisher Airlines on Friday received a showcause notice from the directorate general of civil aviation for \"not adhering to its flight schedule and abruptly cancelling flights time and again during the last 10 months\", according to DGCA chief Arun Mishra. \"This has caused massive inconvenience to the travelling public,\" Mishra added.The current situation of lockout, he said, was the final straw and amounted to the airline having failed \"to establish safe, efficient and reliable services\" as prescribed under Section 15(2)(b) of Schedule XI of the Aircraft Rules 1937.The airline had gone in for a partial lockout on October 1, a day after a section of its pilots and aircraft engineer went on a flash strike. On Thursday it extended the lockout till October 12 after talks with the striking employees failed.The CEO of Kingfisher Airlines had met Mishra on Tuesday and had been asked to submit an operational plan to DGCA. Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh had said that no flights would be permitted to operate unless the aircraft were declared fit for flying by certified engineers. However, no plan has been submitted to DGCA till now.Singh also said that DGCA is in the process of studying the implications of the strike by employees over non-payment of dues for seven months and had taken legal opinion on the matter before the showcause notice was issued to the airline. \"There are a lot of factors involved in it, including the salaries of the employees, their disgruntlement issues and others. If the staff are disgruntled there is an issue of safety. In order to give them (Kingfisher) permission to fly, they have to satisfy the DGCA on all these issues,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16694036", "title": "Court declares SP MLA an absconder", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief judicial magistrate Rajesh Upadhyay has declared SP MLA Ravidas Mehrotra an absconder and further directed to attach his property for evading in a case of homicidal death in 1989.The court fixed November 7 as the next date of hearing. Mehrotra did not appear in the court since September 20, 2003.The court issued non-bailable warrant against him, yet the capital police could not lay hands on him. The court therefore has directed the police to attach his property and furnish report before it. The directive came in connection with homicidal death of Lucknow Municipal Corporation's sub-inspector Azaz Ahmad Khan, who had suffered severe injuries in assault by Mehrotra's supporters during a violent and illegal agitation in Jhande Wala Park on January 1, 1989. SHO Rajvir Singh Tyagi had lodged FIR on the same day with Hazratganj Police against Mehrotra and 74 others. The police had submitted charge sheet against them under section 304 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16692628", "title": "13 panchayats to oppose gas pipeline", "text": "MANGALORE: Villagers of 13 gram panchayats and Ullal town municipality on Friday resolved that the proposals of Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) and Relogistics Infrastructure Limited (RIL) of Reliance Gas Transportation Infrastructure Limited (RGTIL), to lay a pipeline for the transportation of liquefied natural gas (LNG) through nearly 50 villages in Dakshina Kannada district will be opposed.RIL had obtained authorization to lay LNG pipeline of 13.3 MMSCMD (million metric standard cubic meter per day) capacity from Thiruthani terminal point in Tamil Nadu to Mangalore via Bangalore from the ministry of petroleum and natural gas. Meanwhile, GAIL had obtained permission to lay pipeline of 16 MMSCMD capacity from Kochi in Kerala to Mangalore.Ajith Kumar Rai Maladi, action committee coordinator, said that the fights will be carried out against the projects in all possible ways. \"People should join hands to oppose the forceful acquisition of land for the projects. We should prevent the companies from implementing the project, which will not only grab fertile land, but also pose a threat to human life,\" he added.Social activist Vidya Dinker said that the implementation of LNG pipeline projects will pave way for the petroleum, chemicals and petrochemicals investment region (PCPIR), which will convert more than 72,000 acres of land in the region into a highly pollutant zone. \"It is unfortunate that the objections filed by the gram panchayats and people were sidelined while approving the projects. Only the cabinet can take a decision and reject the project,\" she added.MP Nalin Kumar Kateel said that forceful acquisition of agriculture land is violation of a Supreme Court directive. MLC Monappa Bhandary and Zilla panchayat member Santhosh Kumar Boliyar were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "16694196", "title": "Diseases, low prices affect production of hill bananas", "text": "DINDIGUL: The production of the exotic hill banana, considered superior to other banana varieties in nutrition and taste, is dwindling in Sirumalai hills in Dindigul district, which is the only place where it is grown.Frequent disease outbreak and abysmally low prices quoted by the traders' syndicate has hit the plantain cultivators. Sirumalai banana, earning its name from the area it is grown widely, is believed to have medicinal properties and is always priced higher that other varieties.Grown in more than 1,000 acres in several hill villages like Sirumalai Palayur, Sirumalai Pudur, Thenkadu, Thavittukadai and Velanpannai, as many as 2,000 farmers cultivate the crop in these areas. Though considered one of the prominent hill crops in the region, the banana crops are prone to frequent diseases like punch top (mudikothu) and stem borer (vandutholaippan), the farmers said.K Dharmar, treasurer of Sirumalai Plantain Growers Association and panchayat president of Sirumalai Pudur, said, that they are not able to save the crops for more than two years. \"Every tree yields fruit after 14 months and we are not sure if the tree will last that long due to these two diseases. Of the two, punch top is the worst disease, which cannot be controlled easily and spreads quicker. We have been fighting punch top for more than 10 years,\" Dharmar said.The production of the hill banana has come down nearly 50%, he added. But the farmers are also positive that it will go up in the coming years as they have planted another 25,000 seedlings recently. \"Production has gone down really low due to the disease and it has affected the morale of the farmers. However, we have planted the crops again in a largescale and if things don't worsen in the coming year, the production will go up again,\" said P N Kannan, a farmer from Velanpannai.Another problem the farmers face, is the lack of prices as the few commission agents at Dindigul dictate the terms. \"There are four to five buyers in Dindigul who have formed a syndicate among them. While they procure each banana for Rs 1.50 to Rs 3 from us, they sell the fruits to Rs 5 to Rs 10 in the open market,\" rues Dharmar. \"Our one year of hard work will evaporate in a single day as these middlemen make huge money using our produce. They will never allow any outside players to procure the fruits. Palani Devasthanam made an attempt, but we could not provide the tonnage they required,\" Kannan stated.The agricultural officers working in the hills said that the main problem of the pest attack is that the farmers are not coming forward to adopt rotational crop method to eliminate the diseases. \"Since the pest spreads easily from one farm to another, we have urged the farmers to temporarily shift from banana cultivation to other crops,\" an official said.N Ramanathan, assistant director, horticulture department, said that the punch top disease is a real concern in banana cultivation and elaborate research works are being conducted on the disease. \"Pesticide spraying helps but the farmers have to take it up collectively. We are sensitising farmers to come together in fighting the disease,\" he said. He also stated that the farmers are not getting good prices as they are selling the produce to commission agents. \"We suggested them to form associations so that they can take their produce to new markets to get more money,\" Ramanathan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16691565", "title": "Probe foreign funding to 2 associations, demands activist", "text": "BHOPAL: Ajay Dubey\u2014 the Supreme Court petitioner behind the ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves, has filed a complaint with the state police, chief secretary and enforcement directorate (ED) seeking investigation into alleged foreign funding to the two MP based associations - Guide Association of Madhya Pradesh and the Kanha Lodge Association - that has made interventions against his PIL.According to the complaint, these two associations have received funds from Travel Operators for Tigers (TOFT), which had collected funds from 20 international tour operators based in UK and Netherland.Dubey has enclosed an alleged screen shot of TOFT's webpage with his complaint which reads \"A request from TOFT to help fund legal counsels to advocate for a lifting of the Tiger tourism ban and more participatory Ecotourism Guidelines, engendered an instant response from over 20 of the world best known Tour Operators, all contributing funds to the target, which was almost achieved in 24 hours. Chairman, Julian Matthews, was staggered by the response and said the funds would be used to support the interventions of the Guide Association of Madhya Pradesh and the Kanha Lodge Association on the next sitting of the Supreme Court on the 22nd August 2012 and any subsequent legal needs\".\"Why are so much of funds being put up against my petition by foreign operators? I want the police to investigate appropriate source of funding and check if legal norms for foreign transactions were followed,\" says Dubey. Isn't it surprising that 20 companies transferred funds to TOFT - as it claims on its portal - within 24 hours? he asked.The list of funding agencies was posted on TOFT's portal three days ago and today it suddenly disappeared, said Dubey adding, this act itself creates doubt.According to Dubey, the companies which donated funds to TOFT includes Thika Travel (Netherlands), Far Frontiers (UK), Original Travel (UK), Scott Dunn (UK), Natural World Safaris (UK), Ultimate Travel Company (UK), Classic Journeys ( UK), Explore Worldwide (UK), Greaves Travel (UK), Cox and Kings UK and India, Taj &amp; Tigers (UK), SNP ( Netherlands), Nature Encounters - Canada, Transindus (UK), Wildlands (USA), Luxury trips (USA), On the Go Tours (UK), Fox Vakanties (Netherlands), Aventyrsresor (Sweden), Audley Travel (UK), Steppes Discovery (UK), Polar Quest ( Sweden), Nature Focus Safaris (Australia) and Abercrombie &amp; Kent - UK.The TOFT official remained unavailable for his comment. Next hearing of PIL in Supreme Court will be on October 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16692633", "title": "Police book man for impersonation", "text": "MYSORE: City police booked a man, who is now on the run, for allegedly trying to trick Mysore tahsildar Naveen Joseph recently.Krishnaraja sub-division ACP A N Prakashgowda told TOI that following a complaint by the tahsildar, Vidyaranyapuram police have taken up a case and are investigating. According to the complaint, the accused telephoned the tahsildar and introduced himself as \"high court judge Shankar\" and \"directed\" him to do a work for him.The alleged imposter had contacted the officer thrice since late September. Upon inquiry, the tahsildar came to know that the man was trying to cheat him by impersonation. Naveen lodged a police complaint on October 3.The ACP said that they are trying to trace the imposter. According to preliminary investigation, the accused is having criminal history, with a warrant pending against him. \"We are also digging into his past,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16693454", "title": "Paddy purchasing agencies continue strike despite govt assurance", "text": "PATIALA: Hundreds of farmers in various grain markets of Punjab have been waiting to sell their paddy crop for last five days but the procurement staff of all five purchasing agencies have refused to start purchase as the government has failed to solve the deadlock arising out of their demands.On Thursday evening, Punjab food and civil supplies minister Adesh Partap Singh Kairon held a meeting with the employees of all five agencies, including Pungrain, Markfed, Punsup, Punjab Warehousing Corporation and Punjab Agro, at Chandigarh. During the meeting, employees of all five agencies demanded deletion of \"joint responsibility clause\" from Punjab Paddy Milling Policy. Though the minister reportedly agreed to the demand and assured for quick action to remove the controversial clause, the failure of officers in giving written assurance delayed the matter.\"The minister agreed to our demand, but we won't withdraw our boycott of purchase till the civil supply department gives us in writing withdrawn of the controversial clause. They may backtrack after the end of purchase season if we do not get it in writing now,\" said Vidhu Shekhar Bhardwaj, vice-president of the joint action committee of employees.Repeated calls to contact secretary of food and civil supploes department D S Grewal proved futile as he did not attend to his mobile phone. Employees alleged the new paddy milling policy, which makes the miller and procurement agency staff jointly responsible for paddy stock stored in private mills, is anti-employee as they do not have any role in the storage and their role is confined only till purchase.\"I have been waiting to sell my crop for last two days, but no officer has come here. If the state government does not accept their demands, it's not our fault,\" said Gurdarshan Singh, a farmer waiting at the Patiala grain market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16692629", "title": "Bandh unlikely to evoke response in district", "text": "MANGALORE: With no emotional connect to Cauvery issue in the coast, the Karnataka bandh is unlikely to evoke any response in this part of the state. However, many organizations, including All College Students' Union, have lent a moral support to the cause and will organize symbolic rasta roko and human chain protests.All commercial establishments, schools, colleges, petrol bunks, malls and theatres will remain open on Saturday.Canara Bus Operators Association president Rajavarma Ballal said there was no move to stop bus services.The DK Cinema Exhibitors Association has opposed the bandh. \"We will lend the protest a moral support. We will close theatres only if there is a law and order problem, lest the show will go on,'' said Shankar Pai, secretary of the association.DK and Udupi Petroleum Dealers Association president Aithappa Alva said there was no question of closing the bunks.DK Hotel association president Kudpi Jagadeesh Shenoy said they would not shut down restaurants on Saturday.Cauvery Horata Samithi president SP Chengappa said there would be no bandh. \"We will stage a protest at Hampankatta circle, block traffic and court arrest,'' he said.Karnataka Rakshana Vedike (KRV) advisor Annayya Kulal said it was true that the people of the region don't have an emotional connect with Cauvery. \"When the issue of Nethravathi river diversion comes up, we will need the support from the rest of the state. So all KRV members are going to Bangalore to take part in the protest,\" he added.Meanwhile, All College Students' Union president Uttam Alva said that the union would lend their support to the cause. \"We are condemning the state government's decision to release Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu,\" he said.Deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda said no organization in the district had approached the district administration seeking permission to hold a bandh and there would not be any holiday for schools or colleges in the district.\"We will take a call depending on the situation. Only KRV has given a memorandum saying that they protest releasing of water to Tamil Nadu,\" DC said.Commissioner of police Manish Kharbhikar said that since the issue was related to the state, they would be on alert and necessary precautions would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692258", "title": "Residents ready to pay differential to resolve 'private forest' issue, get clear title to homes", "text": "MUMBAI: Fed up of waiting endlessly for a final resolution, residents on private forest land have decided to pay the differential amount that has been demanded of them by the state government.The decision has been taken following an assurance from the revenue and forest department principal secretary Pravin Pardeshi that once the differential amount is paid the government will ensure that they get a clear title to the land on which their housing societies stand.Two weeks ago at a meeting with the Hillside Residents Welfare Association (HIRWA), Pravin Pardeshi, principal secretary, revenue and forests, told residents that the matter would not move forward unless they pay the differential amount for afforestation. Pardeshi told TOI that the government would ensure that the regularisation is completed under the Forest Conservation Act. \"We have told the residents to pay the differential amount and we will move the matter before the MoEF under the Forest Conservation Act,'' he said.The department will set up a cell where residents can submit their documents and pay the differential amount. Notices have already been issued to residents. Earlier, residents and builders were charged between Rs 6 to Rs 120 per sq feet on the recommendations of the Central Empowered Committee set up by the Supreme Court. This was increased by 50% taking the minimum amount to Rs 9 per sq feet. The controversy arose after the government collected money to the tune of Rs 100 crore from residents and builders after declaring the private forest land as barren land. This money was collected in 2010 but the state government failed to inform the Union ministry of environment and forests that it had decided to charge based on the classification of land as barren.When it approached the MoEF as directed by the Supreme Court for regularisation of the constructions, the latter raised objections saying the land could not be classified as barren as it adjoins the Sanjay Gandhi National Park which is a dense forest. The government was directed to reclassify the land and charge the net present value based on the \"dense forest'' classification. \"Initially the net present value was calculated as Rs 7.3 lakh per hectare as the land was classified as barren but now that it has been corrected to dense forest it is Rs 9.39 lakh per hectare,'' said revenue officials adding that residents were not being charged the cost of the land which would otherwise take the net present value still higher.For two years residents were defiant, hopeful that a three-member Supreme Court bench would rule in their favour. However, the bench is yet to be constituted. Their patience exhausted, a majority want the matter to be resolved and done away with. \"Nearly five lakh residents have been affected by the private forest land categorisation. Those living in these flats can neither sell or redevelop their properties. A large number of people who had invested in under-construction buildings have retired and are living on rent. They are finding it difficult to make ends meet as their life's savings are stuck in these projects,'' said office-bearers of HIRWA. Prakash Paddikal, president, HIRWA, added that after a clearance from the MoEF, the matter would still go before the Supreme Court. \"We are not going to withdraw our case as we want a clear verdict on this contentious issue,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16692888", "title": "Unidentified men shoot mukhiya", "text": "PATNA: Sudesh Kumar Singh, mukhiya of Karma panchayat under Daudnagar block in Aurangabad district, was shot dead late on Thursday night by unidentified assailants when he was returning home on motorcycle after attending a dinner at Daudnagar. The incident took place between DAV School, Daudnagar, and Singh's native village Jinoria. Singh was accompanied by another person who was injured in the shootout.Angry over the incident, locals blocked NH-98, Aurangabad-Patna road, for several hours on Friday demanding immediate arrest of the assailants. Their other demands included Rs 10 lakh compensation to the victim's family and a government job to the kin of the deceased. The deceased's family members blamed the state government for deteriorating law and order in the state resulting in the killing of Singh.Aurangabad SP Daljeet Singh said as soon as Singh's two-wheeler reached near the DAV school, armed assailants, three in number, chased him on another motorcycle. Around half-a kilometer before Jinoria, the assailants intercepted Singh's motorcycle and shot at him from point blank range killing him on the spot and seriously injuring the other person, who was driving the bike.Singh was rushed to the Primary Health Centre (PHC), Daudnagar, where the attending doctors referred him to Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH). However, he succumbed to the gunshots on way. The mukhiya's unidentified companion was undergoing treatment at the PHC till reports last came in.The SP said primary investigation revealed that some old election-related dispute was the reason behind the killing. Singh was an active member of state's main opposition party RJD. A named FIR has been lodged in this connection against two persons including Umesh Yadav , son of a former minister, and Ravindra Yadav, the SP said. However, no arrest has been made so far in the case.This was the third incident of killing of a muhkiya in recent monthss in Aurangabad. Earlier, in March this year, Chhotu Kushwaha, mukhiya of Sonhattu panchayat under Haspura block was shot dead. The incident had created quite a furore in the state as a central committee member and former MLA, CPI(ML), Rajaram Singh was brutally assaulted by the district police when he was sitting on protest against the mukhiya killing. A Bihar bandh was also called over the issue by CPI-ML.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692214", "title": "Man commits suicide by inhaling LPG", "text": "CHENNAI: A 39-year-old man committed suicide by inhaling from a LPG cylinder at his house in Pattabiram near Avadi on Thursday.Police said Sivakumar, a mason, was married to Kavitha and had two children. Kavitha stayed with her parents in the adjoining lane. In the evening, their children found the house locked from inside and shouted out for their father. Soon, Kavitha and a few relatives broke the door and found Sivakumar with a gas tube in his hands. Police said Sivakumar, who had been jobless, appeared troubled by the fact that his wife was forced to work and take care of the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692767", "title": "25kg of missing gold \u2018found on road\u2019", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Twenty-five gold bars worth Rs 8 crore that went missing from Naranpura on Thursday have been recovered. An auto garage owner handed over 23 kg of the gold to Ahmedabad police on Friday morning. By evening, cops recovered one more kg of the missing gold.The consignment worth Rs 8 crore had been reported missing on Wednesday by the city unit of a Delhi-based security firm. The gold, according to a security firm employee, went missing in Naranpura while being transported in a vehicle.Naranpura police said that a manager with Securitrans India Pvt Ltd, Bakul Mehta, had filed a complaint in this regard. The complainant, a resident of Pragatinagar, said a New York-based logistics firm had sent a consignment of 500kg of bullion for Scotia Bank in Mumbai at Ahmedabad airport on September 28.The consignment containing 20 boxes of gold bars was collected by Securitrans staff members. Each gold brick weighed 1kg. On Friday morning, Ashwin Shukla, 43, a resident of Darshan Apartment in Naranpura, told police he had recovered a bundle from the road. Police rushed to his home and recovered a wooden box which contained some gold bricks.However, the consignment did not weigh 25kg, the amount specified. \"When we questioned him closely, Shukla took us to more of the missing gold kept at his auto-garage,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16693034", "title": "Families feel gas pinch", "text": "KOLKATA: Paromita Banerjee, a homemaker in Narkeldanga, is clueless whether she has to pay Rs 913 or Rs 401 for the new LPG cylinder she had booked on October 1. It makes a huge difference to her five-member family in a festive month. She needs at least 12 cylinders a year.Lakhs of homes share Paromita's predicament after the central government capped the number of subsidized cylinders at six a year. Lack of information and complicated procedures have made things worse.\"I have no idea about what is happening on the LPG front,\" said homemaker Moumita Basu of Sinthi.Paromita and Moumita are worried about whether they will get a refill before Puja. \"I wonder whose idea it was to allow only six subsidized cylinders per family. How did they arrive at the figure? My family needs at least 12 cylinders a year. Now I hear that a non-subsidized cylinder will cost Rs 913. My budget will shoot up like crazy and we will end up paying Rs 3,000 extra every year. Also, there is no information how they will distribute the subsidized cylinders,\" Paromita said.Moumita feels that the Centre should have subsidized at least nine LPG cylinders. \"We have got a letter to submit details about the connection to the dealers but there is a long queue in front of distributors' shop. How long can I stand in the line? There is apparently a deadline of October 31 to submit the details otherwise they will block my connection. This is rubbish,\" she said.Suneeti Bhattacharyya, a homemaker from Kailash Bose Street angry that the distributor has already deleted one connection because there was more than one connection in a single address.\"We are a joint family and our LPG requirement is huge. Now we have to give a declaration in stamp paper. It is so irritating,\" she said.The financial pinch is just a part of the suffering of LPG consumers. The oil ministry has set a deadline of October 31 to verify multiple connections in a single address. Oil marketing companies have done little to clear the confusion. The combined toll free number of IOC, BPCL and HPCL hardly works. You need a lot of patience to crack the number and get to talk to a customer-care executive.\"Multiple connections against a single name have already been blocked. Now, the ministry has instructed dealers to verify multiple connections in different names at a single address. Our field officers will also conduct random checks,\" an IOC official said.However, the task of weeding out 'fake' connections is not easy. \"I got a letter from the ministry that there are 5,700 suspected multiple connections in my area. Now, the onus is on me to check this. In some areas, the ministry has identified 14,000 suspected multiple connections. The problem is that they do not know the locality. They have gone by addresses. But in our north Kolkata locality there are many addresses where seven to eight families live,\" said Sukomal Kumar Sen, secretary, Bharat Gas Distributors Association.The secretary of Indane distributors Bijan Bihari Biswas is also not sure whether it can finish the job by October.The LPG muddle is the talking point at homes and workplaces alike. Nayantara Palchoudhuri, national executive committee member of Ficci , suggested that the subsidy cap be increased.\"It is going to affect the middle-income group badly. The monthly budget of most families is going to go haywire. Families with senior citizen need more than six cylinders every year,\" she said.Filmmaker Ananya Chatterjee, a lecturer at St Xavier's College, said: \"There will be lot of pressure on consumers. The steep hike in non-subsidized LPG price will pile more pressure on the middle class. This is not desirable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16694176", "title": "Health tips to rural women from XLRI girls", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: An all-girls team from premier business school XLRI organized Jagriti, an awareness campaign to sensitize rural women about importance of female health, hygiene and sanitation. The event, a part of the Joy of Giving Week 2012, was coordinated by the members of CII Yi XLRI, a student committee actively working for socially relevant causes since its inception in 2008. The team met around 120 adolescent girls and women from a number of self-help groups (SHG's) of the area enlightening them on female-specific health and hygiene issues.This week's awareness drive that kicked off the philanthropy promotion programme witnessed 20 women students of the institution visiting the rural areas Musabani in the Ghatshila subdivision of the district, about 50km from here, to talk to village women on health issues.Aware of the fact that women in slums do not have access to modern amenities owing to financial constraints, the students distributed free sanitary napkins to place it as a healthy substitute to the usual unhygienic means that can cause certain health complications. The team also used audio-visual systems to give inputs from gynaecologists on related issues. They also suggested scientific ways with which women can take care of their health and informed them about various government schemes and policies formulated exclusively for women.The drive evoked strong response from the slum-dwelling women, who showed remarkable enthusiasm while interacting with the team. The students, who spent a considerable amount of time patiently interacting with the rural women, found it a rewarding experience. \"This was hands-on experience on the problems the rural women face regularly in the remote areas,\" said a team member. The CII-Yi XLRI is now deliberating on a sustainable way to provide these rural women with sanitary napkins within affordable budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16691467", "title": "Chirp, chirp! Sparrows are back", "text": "BANGALORE: This is something to chirp about. The sparrow is back. An online survey has shown that the little bird has been spotted in parts of Bangalore and its outskirts. This is welcome news and brings hope that the winged creatures may, after all, be pulled back from the brink of extinction.The common house sparrow has been sighted at the Bengaluru International Airport, Devanahalli, Hoskote, Doddajala, Nelamangala, Doddaballapur and Basavanagudi. The most preferred nesting grounds for the bird are small towns and villages in rural Bangalore.Earlier, the count of the tiny birds had dropped sharply, leaving many experts concerned. That's when Bangalore-based Nature Conservation Foundation (a branch of National Centre for Biological Sciences), in consultation with Bombay Natural History Society, launched an online survey called Citizen Sparrow.News about the sparrows' comeback reflected in the data submitted to this group. As of now, the team is analyzing regional data, after which they will release the national data.It's believed that VV Puram and Nagwara had a fair number of sparrows visiting the areas pre-1950.Steps in the studyIn the questionnaire, the sightings of house sparrows were classified into few (1-5), fair (6-30), large (30-100) and very large (more than 100 sparrows). \"This was done to get better information about the number of house sparrows in a specific location,\" said Karthik K, project coordinator, Citizen Sparrow.A high 54.75% of the reports came in from city (main) areas. While 18.5% of records obtained from (main) areas reported few (1-5) sparrow sightings, a decent 16.7% of the records from city (main) areas reported fair (5-30) sightings. And 14.75% of the records from city (main) areas reported a total absence of house sparrows.About 11.2% and 8.9% sightings were from city (outskirts) which reported few and fair number of sparrows. Old residential areas in city (main) showed a 19.67% sparrow count, rural areas 18.37% and non-built up areas/green spaces near old residential areas recorded a 16.67% count.How it workedParticipants were asked to mark locations on a map and provide simple information about sparrow sightings from those locations, including sightings from last year and before. Such information, in turn, enabled a comparison of sparrows in different places. This is expected to point to particular threats or problems. Findings from the project are expected to add value to detailed studies investigating the cause of decline, and potential measures for the recovery of sparrow populations.Expert SpeakThis drive was just an elementary step to gather as much information as possible. We encouraged people to write to us about their experience, be it about the drastic drop in the sparrow count in their neighbourhood or the sudden spurt of birds. All these significant inputs gave us valuable leads to compile a pan-India data-- Suhel Quader, evolutionary ecologist, National Centre for Biological Sciences.SPOT THE BIRD* Citizen Sparrow survey showed a high 54.75% of the reports came from main city areas.* Rural areas showed 18.37% sparrow count* 16.7% from main areas reported fair (5-30) sightings* 18.5% of records obtained from main areas reported few (1-5) sparrow sightings* Old residential areas in city (main) showed a 19.67% sparrow count", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16692159", "title": "Jethmalani's revolver stolen", "text": "GURGAON: Former law minister and eminent lawyer Ram Jethmalani has lodged an FIR with the Gurgaon police following the theft of his licensed revolver from his flat located in Sector 31, Gurgaon. Jethmalani, in his complaint, stated that he had the revolver from the time of the emergency in 1975, but had never used it. No suspect has been named in the theft case. \"On the statement of Mr Ram Jethmalani, we have lodged an FIR against unknown persons under Section 380 of IPC and are investigating the case. We suspect some person known to the complainant must have stolen the revolver,\" said Inspector Vikas Kaushik, SHO, Sector 40 police station. According to police, Mr Ram Jethmalani, resident of 2, Akbar Road, Delhi, had a flat (number E-133) in Raheja Atlantis Apartments in Sector 31. Some time ago his daughter, Rani Jethmalani, was living in the flat.After her death in December 2011, the luggage was shifted from the house in phases and recently Ram Jethmalani realized that the revolver was missing. Jethmalani lodged the complaint with the Sector 40 police station on Wednesday. In his complaint, he said that his daughter Rani was living in the Raheja Atlantis apartment before she took ill and passed away on December 31, 2011. The process of shifting all the things from the Gurgaon flat to Delhi started three months ago and now he realized that his licensed revolver was missing from the flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692482", "title": "Tourist taxi operators want road tax reduced", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Tourist Taxi Union, an organization of tourist taxi operators, on Friday demanded immediate reduction in road tax and insurance premium and urged the state government to frame a policy for car rental business in the tourism sector.Addressing a news conference on Friday, president of the organization Ramesh Karpre said, \"The state government's lethargic approach and continued neglect of demands by tourist taxi operators is hampering the business. The government, this year, increased the annual road tax by more than four fold from Rs 400 per seat to Rs 2,000 per seat.\"\"Insurance premium has also been increased by 60%. Despite repeated dialogues with government officials; there is no response to our demands.\"Karpe said that a letter was submitted to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan three months ago urging him to bring down the road tax. There is no communication from Chavan's office in the matter.Karpe pointed out that only Maharashtra has put heavy tax burden on tourist taxis. The government should explain why they were burdening the tourist taxies when neighboring states do not impose such huge taxes, he said.The government's policy is hampering not only business of operators, but there is adverse impact on tourism as well, he stated.According to the organization, there are about 10,000 tourist taxi operators in Pune and Mumbai.\"There is a plan to increase registration of members. The organization will prepare a plan to push forward their demands,\" he stated.Secretary of the organization, Dharmendra Gadre, said that lower taxes would help keep fare rates lower. The government should protect the operators as they are offering services to the tourists, he said.The operators also expressed the need for cooperation from the regional transport office in granting various permissions and no objection certificates (NOC) to taxi operators. The operators said that many of them faced unnecessary delays at the RTO.Eom/sarang/md", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692525", "title": "12 test positive for swine flu", "text": "PUNE: As many as 12 people tested positive for swine flu on Thursday. Of them, the condition of a 25-year-old woman from Purandar taluka is said to be critical. Eight of the patients are from rural parts of Pune.\"The woman has been put on a ventilator support at the isolation intensive care unit at Bharati Hospital. She delayed seeking medical advice soon after developing the symptoms,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.The woman developed symptoms such as cough and fever from September 29 and breathlessness from September 30. Her throat swab tested positive for swine flu on October 4. She also suffers from diabetes. Of the remaining infected patients, eight are women and three are men, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693908", "title": "Gunshot at Ponty Chadha's Moradabad house", "text": "LUCKNOW: The sound of gunshots from the ancestral house of liquor baron Ponty Chadha in Moradabad sent the district police into a tizzy on Friday morning. It was later stated that a relative of Chadha's had purchased a new pistol and was test-firing it. Chadha now lives in Gurgaon and seldom visits this house.Civil Lines circle officer RS Gautam said the sound of firing was heard around nine am, apparently originating from inside the highly fortified bungalow of Chadha in the Civil Lines areas. A posse of cops from the local police station reached the site after the incident.It took cops more than two hours of inspection inside the house to confirm that everything was alright. In between, there were unconfirmed reports that the shots were fired by Chadha's son, and that three rifles were recovered from the house. However, the police later denied the presence of Chadha's son inside the premises or reports about the recovery of rifles.It was later confirmed that the house was in possession of Chadha's uncle and the person test-firing the weapon was his nephew Harvir Singh (21) who had bought a new pistol the day before. Later, in a statement issued by the liquor baron's son Manpreet Singh Chadha - joint managing director of Waves Infratech - stated that neither he nor his father were present inside the house when the incident took place. He said that the family wasn't living in Moradabad for the past 17 years. Moradabad police also confirmed that no complaint was lodged in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16693098", "title": "Bringing love to children of lesser god", "text": "LUDHIANA: It is the season to experience the joy of giving... The toddlers from the Olive Kid School took the task of spreading smiles for the underprivileged at Bal Bhawan Orphanage by paying a visit to them on Thursday. Around 40 kids from the school visited the orphanage with heart full of joys and bags full of gifts for the 65 kids present there. The act was a fitting gift to the \"Father of the Nation,\" as it is always held in the week of Gandhi Jayanti from October 2-8.And behind this heart-warning initiative were schoolkids and teachers who had been busy throughout the week with shopping and packed clothes, provisions, toys and other stationery items for the kids at orphanage.Explaining the concept behind \"Joy of Giving Week\", principal Manju Ahluwalia said, \"Giving can be something as simple as giving clothes to needy children or as large as providing free education to as many children as you can. This is the first time the school is being a part of the celebrations and the response was amazing as the kids worked hard for the whole week collecting provisions to make the day special for these underprivileged kids. Back at school, we believe that 'Joy of Giving' is also one of the best ways to inculcate kindness and generosity among kids.\"\"If all of us join hands and enjoy this joy of giving I am sure the look of the country would change. The day certainly sparked the generosity of my 3-year-old child, who was busy collecting his toys which he did not need any more. I was touched that my son gave away his favourite car to see a smile on the face of kids who receive it,\" said Kimmi Joshi of Civil Lines.Lauding the school's initiative into \"Acts of giving\" \u2014 money, time, resources, skills, parent Anu Kapoor of Haibowal, said, \"I feel the act has a beautiful message for little ones - share happiness and spread love. This act by the school will go a long way in inculcating kindness among kids. It will also help them count their blessings and share their happiness with the underprivileged, making them feel special and loved.\"Some toddlers Ridhima, Samriddhi, Arnav, Jai, Syhel from the schools even made friends with the \"bhaiyas\" and \"didis\" at the orphanage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16695946", "title": "Jlo's huge diamond ring sets off engagement rumours", "text": "Jennifer Lopez is facing a new round of wedding rumours after she was photographed leaving the Chanel show at Paris Fashion Week sporting a huge diamond on her ring finger .The 43-year-old American actress, who has had three unsuccessful marriages in the past, has been seeing the dancer since last summer after she split from Marc Anthony.She had earlier sparked engagement rumours with Smart in June when she was seen wearing a new ring, but she had laughed it off.The latest engagement rumours too have been denied.\"She's in the middle of her tour and her manager doesn't want her distracted. He wants her to focus, and an engagement would distract her too much,\" a source said.Even if the ring was a gift from Smart, the source says that the couple was not going to exchange vows anytime soon.\"This ring could just be for their anniversary,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16694151", "title": "Several events mark 5th day of Wildlife week", "text": "KANPUR: On the fifth day of the ongoing Wildlife Week celebrations, a number of cultural programmes were held at Kanpur Zoo on Friday. These competitions were held in the senior category. All the programmes were based on the subject wildlife.The highlights of the day were group song, group dance and skit in, which students from different schools participated and won huge applause. Through different programmes, the students gave message of saving wildlife and its importance to the mankind.Over 130 students from 10 different schools participated in the cultural events that were held. In the group singing event, the first prize was bagged by the students of Seth Moti Lal Khediya Inter College.In the group dance programme, the students of Nagar Nigam Mahila Inter College won the first prize. The second place was occupied by the students of St John Inter College. In Skit, the first place was bagged by the students of Children's Care Higher Secondary School. The second place was grabbed by Seth Moti Lal Khediya Inter College. Anmol Sharma of Bright angles Intermediate College and Vandana Jha of Nagar Nigam Mahila Inter College won the first and the second place respectively in monoacting programme.Aruna jyoti of Maharana Pratap Education Centre and Sumit Mehrotra of Saraswati Gyan Mandir Inter College won the first and the second spot respectively in the Casio-Playing programme. Rishabh Gupta of BNSD Shiksha Niketan Inter College came on the third spot in the same event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "16694159", "title": "Woman molested on Sealdah Rajdhani", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: A 28-year-old woman travelling in a two-tier coach of the Sealdah-New Delhi Rajdhani Express was allegedly molested by a pantry car staff late on Thursday as the train passed through Chandauli.The accused, 24-year-old Mohammad Hamid Sheikh, was nabbed by fellow passengers and RPF personnel after the woman raised an alarm. He was arrested at Mughalsarai station by the UP Government Railway Police (GRP). Police sources said the man, an employee of a private agency engaged to serve food on the train, was drunk and did not have a criminal record . The woman is a resident of Gaya and studies in Delhi.Satyam Caterer, Sheikh's employer, said he was a cook and was asleep in the pantry car when the molestation allegedly occurred. The woman told the police some other pantry staff, too, were loitering around the wash room and were drunk. A GRP spokesman said a case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "16693495", "title": "TTD plans to exhibit Lord's jewellery", "text": "Tirumala: The Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) is planning to display the antique jewels of Lord Venkateswara in Sri Venkateswara Museum here.Stating this here on Friday, executive officer L V Subramanyam said hi-fi security would be provided to safeguard the jewels at the museum.\"The unused antique jewels of the Lord will be displayed for the benefit of pilgrims. We are also contemplating digitizing all the jewels with the help of National Institute of Designs, Ahmedabad,\" he said. Interacting with pilgrims during the monthly 'Dial Your EO' programme, the EO said they were also contemplating bringing changes in the Vahana darshan system, especially during Garuda Seva day, during the ensuing Navaratri Brahmotsavams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16693404", "title": "Woman robbed at knife point", "text": "Two unidentified men robbed a 63-year-old woman at knife point at East Marredpally, Secunderabad on Friday afternoon and escaped with the gold ornaments she was wearing. Tukaram Gate police said the incident happened at Teachers Colony in East Marredpally around 1.30pm. \"Two persons, aged around 25 and unmasked, entered the independent house belonging to Sriramachandra Murthy, a retired SBH employee, through the back of the house. Murthy's wife P Sudha Devi was alone in the house . The duo placed a knife on her throat and demanded money. When she said she did not have any, they took her mangalsutra, six gold bangles and a black pearl chain she was wearing,\" Tukaram Gate SI Venkatesham said. Police said the miscreants did not harm her. After the robbery, they fled from the spot. Police said a case of extortion was registered and is being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16693123", "title": "Friend held for woman's murder on highway", "text": "KOLKATA: Four days after a young woman's body was found at Bamanghata off Basanti highway, police have arrested a friend of hers for the murder.Thirty-year-old Pallavi Patel, a resident of Chakraberia Road of Bhawanipore, had been strangled and thrown from a car. Her body was identified only when her husband filed a missing person's report.Police say she was killed by a friend, Samir Shaw, who had emptied her account of Rs 6 lakh and even filched 13 bhori of gold (worth around Rs 4 lakh) sent by her father.Shaw, who worked as a promoter and insurance agent, became acquainted with Pallavi a few months ago and quickly gained her trust. Some say he was her business partner, too.Pallavi took him along every month to withdraw the interest on a Rs 6 lakh post-office savings account gifted by her father.Shaw planned to steal the money, say police. Last month, he gave Pallavi a withdrawal form, saying he would bring her the money and she need not go to the post office every month. He withdrew the entire Rs 6 lakh without Pallavi's knowledge, say investigators. Then, Pallavi's father sent about 13 bhori of gold jewellery to her, which he grabbed for himself, say police.However, Pallavi recently found out that her account had been emptied and started suspecting Shaw. She informed her husband, businessman Nitish Patel.It was then that Shaw planned to kill Pallavi, say police. On September 30, he took Pallavi in his car, saying he would explain the whole thing. Police say there was a third person in the car. Pallavi was strangled and dumped on the road near Bamanghata off Basanti highway. When Pallavi did not return home even on the next day, her family went to police.Investigators say they are still interrogating Shaw to plug some missing links in the case. Raid parties have been sent out to arrest the person who had assisted in the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nawanshahr", "code": "16693386", "title": "24x7 Primary Health Centre locked, baby delivered on roadside", "text": "NAWANSHAHR: In yet another incident that can put functioning of health department to shame, a woman had to deliver her baby on the roadside, outside the closed gate of Primary Health Centre of Sandhwan Pharala village in the district on Thursday morning.This centre is supposed to provide 24x7 services to the rural people, but even at 7am on Thursday its doors were closed as none of the staff members were there. After Sunita of Munna village delivered a baby with the help of her husband and a passerby woman, a class IV employee of the centre came and opened the door. Her placenta was taken out in the dispensary by the staff. As both mother and baby were healthy, they were discharged in the evening.On Friday, Nawanshahr civil surgeon Dr Ashwin Kumar entrusted an inquiry to Sujjon SMP Dr Rashpal Singh who visited the PHC in the day and recorded the statements of the staff.According to eyewitnesses, the woman had labour pains and her husband rushed her to the centre, but the gate was closed. \"Sunita was in labour and then a woman, who was passing by, came to her help,\" said an eyewitness. The staff came at around 8am and took over.Kumar said it was a 24x7 centre, but due to shortage of staff and location there were problems in keeping it open for 24 hours. During the inquiry, staff members held that the centre was located at a distance from the village and women staff were not safe at night.The staff held that there were two doctors posted there, but one was sent on deputation for attending emergency duty at Civil Hospital, Banga, which has quite a few doctors. One doctor would remain on call after the regular duty from 8am to 2pm. The centre has only two staff nurses.Meanwhile, Human Empowerment League Punjab (HELP) has sent a complaint to the Punjab State Human Rights Commission. \"It is not only failure in providing the minimal healthcare to the rural people, but also amounted to injuring the dignity of a woman, who had to deliver the baby in public with the help of a passerby that too just outside the gate of government-run health centre,\" HELP representation said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mandya/ mysore", "code": "16692710", "title": "Central team to submit report in next four days", "text": "MANDYA/ MYSORE: A central team headed by chief engineer KC Jacob, which is here to assess the ground realities in the Cauvery basin, said the team will submit its report in the next four days after getting the views of the Karnataka government on the Cauvery water sharing issue.In a brief interaction with the media at the Krishnarajasagar reservoir, Jacob said they will study the situation in the delta areas to assess the actual situation before holding talks with the state government. \"Our comprehensive report would include all statistics and ground realities both in the states of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu,\" he added.On ground, they made an on-the-spot assessment of standing crops at Paaripura on Mysore-Mandya border. The team ventured into paddy fields and asked farmers when they started cultivation and when the crop would be harvested. They also interacted with the officials of the water resources department seeking details like the rain pattern in last three years, arable land, how much is under cultivation and when the crops will be harvested.The team also toured Mahadevapura and Mandya Koppal before they reached KRS dam. The officials apprised the team of the dependence of people on water at the KRS for drinking and irrigation needs. \"There is little over 21 tmcft left at the KRS and people here are highly dependent on it till the next summer,\" officials told the team to drive home the point that there is gap between demand and availability.The central team's report is crucial since it will be a tool for the PM-headed Cauvery River Authority (CRA) to assess the situation to decide the outflow after October 15.The team will continue to assess the situation in areas dependent on Kabini, Harangi and Hemavathy dam on Saturday taking the aerial route. It will sit down at Bangalore on Sunday to assess and collate the details. The members are scheduled to get back to Delhi on Monday.Meanwhile, former CM HD Kumaraswamy and MP N Cheluvarayaswamy met the team and submitted a report. Kumaraswamy apprised the members about prevailing drought situation and possible water scarcity in Cauvery basin districts. He pleaded with them to submit 'factual' reports as it would help the state effectively counter Tamil Nadu's plea to release more Cauvery water.He argued that the present storage of water in Krishnarajasagar reservoir that is less than 20 tmcft is not enough to meet the drinking water requirements of Bangalore, Mysore and Mandya cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16691546", "title": "82% working women think they're overweight", "text": "BANGALORE: While most women in India join weight-loss programmes to improve their image, some do it under peer pressure, according to the survey, 'Rising workplace obesity amongst Indian Women', conducted in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad and Chandigarh.\"About 82% working women surveyed considered themselves overweight. While 67% of them were willing to join a weight-loss programme to maintain their image, 11% wanted to do this under peer pressure,\" said R Shankar, president, Heal Foundation The survey covered 2,000 women between 25 years and 45 years.\"Most women blamed sedentary lifestyle, unhealthy food intake and lack of time to exercise for the weight gain,\" said Shankar. He added that middle-aged homemakers and working women fall prey to many debilitating lifestyle disorders.The survey also revealed that 84% of obese working women who joined weight-loss programmes considered maintaining the new weight as the biggest challenge. \"Also, 52% of the women who subscribed to a weight-loss programme discontinued it before reaching their ideal body weight due to impractical modifications in diet and lifestyle and lack of holistic and customized approach,\" concluded the survey.\"Obesity is directly related to chronic stress and depression and one tends to eat more at such times. Only adopting a positive attitude, self-discipline, motivation and good exercise can help actual weight loss,\" said Dr Neelesh Tiwari, chief psychiatrist, World Brain Centre, New Delhi. \"Since obesity can affect a person physically, psychologically and socially, there is a need to control it,\" he added.HealthG.com in association with healthcare company Leisa's Secret conducted the survey.Natural weight lossWeight loss is a natural process. One must target losing weight naturally and must not adopt a crash diet. A person can lose only half a kg per week. For this, she needs to cut down about 500 calories a day. Weight loss can be sustainable only if it is accompanied by low calorie food intake and increased physical activity. One must also learn to resist hunger with help of essential supplements of micronutrients.Dr Manjari Chandra | nutritionistKeep weight in check* Drink lots of water* Watch the portion size of meal* Eat five small meals a day* Eat at least five servings of fruits and vegetables a day* Control emotional eating* Opt for wholesome food and avoid refined /packaged food* Maintain a food journal* Plan your diet and carry fruits, nuts and healthy snacks to officeIndia at a glance* One in five men obese* One in six women obese* Number of obese women increased from 2.1 million in 1982 to 8 million in 2008* Number of obese men increased from 2.3 million in 1982 to 4.4 million in 2008* Blood pressure of women up from 120.9mm to 123.1mm in past 28 years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692239", "title": "Drowning case: Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation contests FIR", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is contesting the FIR registered against civic officials after a 14-year-old boy drowned in a 15-feet pit dug by the civic body on September 28.The civic body had ordered an administrative inquiry after the incident in which Mohammed Saeed Ansari died. The pit was dug by civic workers to fix a leaking water line. The inquiry gave a clean chit to the engineers and the assistant ward officer. It said there was no negligence on their part and all due security procedures were followed.Meanwhile, following pressure from locals the police have filed a complaint of culpable homicide against the assistant municipal commissioner of F-south ward, Bhagyashree Kapse, and an executive engineer.\"We will be contesting the police complaint; we will tell the police that filing an FIR against Kapse is of no use as the work that was being carried out there was taken by the water department and not the ward office. We will also tell them that our inquiry says that there were no lapses on the site,\" said additional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani.Meanwhile, the standing committee demanded that the inquiry be conducted again and that till the police investigations are pending Kapse be transferred from that ward.Civic officials claim Ansari drownded after he along with three other boys had jumped into the pit for a swim.\"How can the labourers leave the site unattended and not notice four boys from the locality who jumped into the pit. There was no proper barricading near the site,\" said Samajwadi Party corporator Rais Sheikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16692802", "title": "Le Corbusier\u2019s vision fights change", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Master architect Le Corbusier's vision of Chandigarh may have been much ahead of the times and his concepts may be as relevant 60 years down the line, but constraints of space and practicalities of life are posing a challenge to his 'perfect creation'.SD Sharma, an architect and member of Corbusier's Capital Project team says, \"I worked with him closely. He was not just an architect but also a visionary who wanted to do human good through his work. That is why he focused on weaving in nature with daily life for harmonic development.\"Former principal of Chandigarh College of Architecture SS Bhatti says the concepts of 'Sun, space and verdure (greenery)' propounded by Corbusier are still relevant.''His emphasis on making maximum use of natural light and being conscious about protecting green spaces is inherent in his master plan of Chandigarh,'' Bhatti points out.Corbusier planned Chandigarh as an administrative city for a population of five lakh and planned its development in two phases - sectors 1 to 30 and sectors 31 to 47.But times have changed. Today, while the puritans want to stick to Corbusier's edit till eternity, businessmen, house owners and traders are increasingly clamouring for need-based changes in the city.KS Panchhi, president, Traders Association, Sector 17, argues, \"The building bylaws framed by Corbusier are too stringent and some don't even gel with the Indian concept. It has been our long pending demand to allow relaxations, particularly with the phenomenal increase in population.\"\"Whatever changes that a businessman wants to make inside a showroom should not be UT's concern,\" he says.The building bylaws are fast losing relevance. ''With families expanding and incomes going up, people need garages, more rooms and better look for their houses,'' adds Amarjeet, who owns a Chandigarh Housing Board house in Sector 47.Those demanding change of land use in industrial area, too, are critical of the city's stringent rules. \"The conversion policy may have been allowed, but in keeping with the changes made in the archaic laws in 2008, more freedom should be given to industrial plot owners to bring in changes in structures,\" said Kamaljit Sidhu, a city-based industrialist.But Sharma is unmoved by this argument. He firmly believes that needs of residents will continue to change, but its valued architecture should be protected at all costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16694063", "title": "Bihar and Jharkhand lock horns over pension spend", "text": "PATNA: Bihar and Jharkhand are at loggerheads over the issue of reimbursement of pension fund and other retiral benefits to the tune of Rs 5,334.84 crore, already paid by the former to the government employees who retired before the bifurcation of Bihar on November 15, 2000.The acrimony between the two states intensified last week after the Union ministry of home affairs (MHA), which is empowered under the provisions of the Bihar Reorganisation Act-2000 to adjudicate between the two in case of disputes, asked Jharkhand to pay Rs 2,584.09 crore to Bihar as reimbursement against the pension and other retiral benefits funds.But neither Bihar nor Jharkhand is happy with the MHA's recent adjudication. While Bihar says its total claim against Jharkhand is of Rs 7,706. 38 crore (Rs 5,334.44 crore principal amount paid to the pensioners till March 31, 2012, plus Rs 2,371.54 crores interest accrued on it till FY 2010-11), Jharkhand government said it would take the matter to the Supreme Court.\"We have already moved the apex court on a similar matter. The MHA's recent order is now under review at the highest level in the government. Once CM Arjun Munda reviews the matter, the state will take it to the Supreme Court ...,\" Jharkhand principal secretary, finance, Sukhdev Singh told TOI over phone on Friday.\"Jharkhand actually wants to delay the reimbursement on one or the other pretext. Hence, the Bihar government has made a fresh request to the Centre, urging it to deduct funds from the Jharkhand's share in central taxes and transfer it to Bihar through the Reserve Bank of India ,\" Bihar's principal secretary, finance, Rameshwar Singh told TOI on Friday.\"The MHA has asked Jharkhand to reimburse just Rs 2,584.09 crore to Bihar against our claim of Rs 4,263.43 crore upto the end of FY 2010-11, which is not acceptable to us. We are going to make a fresh request to MHA for ensuring reimbursement of our total claim of Rs 7,706.38 crore,\" Singh said.He said Bihar had claimed an average 9% interest on the total pending amount mainly because it had been paying to the pensioners after borrowing funds from different sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16694156", "title": "CPI backs para teachers' fight for regular jobs", "text": "RANCHI: CPI members on Friday burnt the effigy of chief minister Arjun Munda in support of the agitating para teachers in the state who have been on strike for the past one month.Welcoming the CPI's support, Binod Tiwary, a leader of the para teachers' organization, said, \"It will boost our morale and we will be able to take the fight to a conclusion.\"The CPI member, led by state member secretary P K Ganguly, took out a rally on Friday evening which concluded at Albert Ekka Chowk. The protesters, who included some para teachers, held banners and placards demanding the government should concede to the demands of the teachers.The para teachers are on strike for more than 40 days which has hampered studies of over three lakh students in primary and middle schools across the state. As the teachers, all on contract with the government, are busy in agitation the students have been left without teachers. A large number of them have also stopped coming to the schools.The para teachers are demanding hike in salaries, renewal of contracts after five years, raising the age bar to 60 years, maternity leave for women teachers and accident cover for them. A group of them had laid a siege to the residence of state HRD minister Baidyanath Ram on Wednesday. A committee has been constituted to look into the matter but the issue is yet to be resolved.During the mega rally on October 10 at the Morhabadi grounds, CPI leaders will raise the issue of para teachers along with other issues. A group of 20,000 activists are expected to take part in the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16692583", "title": "Rotarians urged to follow Club's international theme", "text": "MANGALORE: Rotary International Dist 3180 governor B Devdas Rai urged Rotarians to follow the Rotary International theme - Peace Through Service.He was speaking during an official visit to the Rotary Mangalore Metro club on Thursday. He exhorted them to participate actively in the district projects and implement it successfully. He also donated a drinking water purifying unit to DKZP School in Permannur as a part of the club's community service project. Assistant governor Sadashiv Shetty released the club's weekly bulletin, Metro News, edited by Vaman Kamath. President Ramakrishna Kamath and secretary Ranjan were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16691509", "title": "Aquifer mapping of 3 Madhya Pradesh regions on cards", "text": "BHOPAL: The central ground water board (CWG) has initiated a project for aquifer mapping in Madhya Pradesh. The aquifer mapping project in India was cleared by the Planning Commission.The study would include Bhopal region and the impact the lakes have on the water quality and availability. Aquifer mapping is the study and mapping of rocks that transmits the quality and quantity of groundwater, which helps in developing strategy for groundwater management for a particular area. The project has been started simultaneously across several states of the country.\"In Madhya Pradesh we have taken three most exploited and critical areas in terms of ground water in the first phase\", said C P Srivastava regional director, central ground water board, north central region.The study includes impact of Bhopal lakes on ground water. A 700 square kilometre aquifer mapping study would be carried out in Deccan trap and Vindhyan sandstone and shale in parts of Phanda blocks of Bhopal and the blocks coming under Sehore district.The second area being covered is the 2000 sq km of granite terrain under Ken Betwa link canal. Parts of Naugaon, Rajnagar, Bijawar blocks of Chhatarpur district falling under the Ken-Betwa link canal would be covered under it.While sustainability of aquifer in limestone and shale terrain across 1500 square kilometres in parts of Rampur Baghelan, Sohawal, Amarpatan, Maihar blocks of Satna district, Sirmor and Rewa blocks would be measured in the third area.Works in all the three areas would be started simultaneously. Exploratory and observation wells will be constructed in each area, besides, vertical electrical sounding technique would also be used to get an accurate picture, Srivastava added. The work is expected to get complete by 2013. Thereafter, a report would be handed over to state government.Aquifer mapping is different from the conventional ground water measurement in the sense that the study is not carried out on basis of geographical locations or boundaries rather it accounts water content in rocks spread under different terrain and areas.In order to ensure the participation and understanding of different agencies, a two day-long seminar is also being organised on the topic 'National Seminar on Aquifer Management' in New Delhi on October 8 and 9. Heads of a few departments from Madhya Pradesh are also expected to participate in the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16691810", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chouhan welcomes FDI in infrastructure, automobile sectors", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said foreign direct investment in retail business will adversely affect small businessmen. He welcomed the foreign direct investment in infrastructure building, higher education, technical education and major sector like automobile, a government spokesman said on Friday.Chouhan was holding discussions with Robert O Blake Jr, assistant secretary, South and Central Asia, US Department of State, at Washington on October 4, spokesman said.John J KFennerty, director, office of India affairs, US Department of State and Merin Rajadurai, India desk representative, US State Department were also present.According to the spokesman, Chouhan made it clear during discussions that foreign direct investment in retail sector would hit interests of small and medium traders. They would not be able to face tough competition and their livelihood would get affected.Chouhan apprised Blake of the economic progress of Madhya Pradesh specially the phenomenal agriculture growth while underscoring the innovative systems and policies. He said the approach to development is simple. All sections should get equal opportunities aiming at having a balanced growth in all sectors.Blake appreciated the approach saying that efforts would be made to create a passage for capital investment flow between the US and Madhya Pradesh. The process to build a bridge for investment flow should be initiated, he added.Chouhan left for Detroit and visited museum of natural history and Ford museum, the spokesman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16694141", "title": "Didi\u2019s UPA men in \u2018super cabinet\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Seven Trinamool Congress MPs who quit as Union ministers last month have been rehabilitated by party chief Mamata Banerjee as \"advisers\" to state ministers, sparking fears of a return of CPM-style party rule on the cabinet.This panel, set up under a government order on September 29, will report directly to the chief minister. The CM hopes the former Union ministers will use the experience they gained in the UPA government to improve administrative work in the departments they have been assigned to. But it has triggered speculation over the status of the advisory panel.Trinamool insiders feel Didi has set up a \"super cabinet\" , in which these party veterans will act as watchdogs and carry out Didi's brief in all the departments . Mamata seems to have given a lot of thought to the placement of the advisers (see box). But bureaucrats point out the rules of business, framed by the governor, give primacy to the cabinet. Others interpret the move as a return to party rule, as in the CPM regime when party mandarins at Alimuddin Street used to call the shots.For instance, Alimuddin Street used to assign partymen to oversee specific departments. CPM ministers had to report to the party bosses every day at the HQ about the daily running of the government. Didi's advisory panel might play a similar role in framing rules or taking policy decisions apart from training juniors in administrative affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16691029", "title": "Vani Kapoor finally wins at Delhi Golf Club", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Golf Club might be her home course, but it hasn't quite been a happy hunting ground for Vani Kapoor.But Friday was different as she won her first title as a pro at the Hero-WGAI Women's Pro Tour on this course. The 18 year-old kept her cool as overnight leader Smriti Mehra and second spot holder Nalini Singh floundered.Vani, carding one-over, finished four shots clear of Nalini with a total of seven-over 223 to clinch her second title of the season.While Smriti and Nalini struggled in the heat of Delhi, Vani \u2014 more adept in these conditions \u2014 knew she didn't have to try anything flashy to stay in the hunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16693509", "title": "Now, priests march for payout in Malda", "text": "MALDA: After the state government declared honorarium for the Imams recently, a large number of Hindu priests under the banner of Bangiya Purohit Sabha (BPS) on Friday served a memorandum to the chief minister through the district magistrate for the same. Interestingly, the priests got support from MP Abu Hasem Khan Choudhury .A delegation of priests met the DM and submitted their five-point demands. They claimed that the government should declare a monthly wage for them. In addition, they demanded their inclusion to the BPL list to avail the facilities as they claimed that most of them have \"no steady income\".Besides, the priests demanded that the government should bear the expenses of education of their children and must ensure jobs for the succeeding generation of priests. Inclusion of Sanskrit to school syllabus from Class V to X as a compulsory language was also demanded by them.BPS district secretary Abhijit Bhattacharya said, \"None of our demands is unjustified and we hope that the government would positively consider these demands.\"\"Recently, the state government declared wages for Imams. We have no problem with it. But we want the government to extend equal privilege to purohits also as we are no less deserving,\" Bhattacharya said.Meanwhile, Chaudhury told media, \"If the Imams can get financial aid, why not the purohits?\"A few months back, priests in Kolkata had marched with a similar demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693445", "title": "Rains fail to fill city's drinking water bowls", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city is all set to usher in New Year 2013 with a major drinking water crisis. Worried over the lack of inflows into the reservoirs despite heavy rains during the last few weeks, Hyderabad water board officials said by January next year, they may be forced to resort to supplying drinking water once in five days. At present, the supply is every alternate day. Normally, the city faces a crisis only with the onset of summer.While the city recorded heavy rainfall during the last many weeks, there has been no major improvement in the water levels at the Osmansagar and Himayatsagar that together account for 41.5 million gallons daily (MGD) of the total 344.81 MGD that the water board is able to supply. In June this year, the water level at Osmansagar was 1769.8 feet. On October 1, the water level there was 1771.8 feet, an increase of a mere 2 feet. Similarly, in Himayatsagar, the water level in June was 1743.3 feet and on October 1, it was 1,747.4 feet, an increase of about 4 feet. In October 2011, the water levels at Osmansagar and Himayatsagar were 1781.9 feet and 1754.9 feet respectively.Water board officials attributed the lack of inflows into the reservoirs to a spurt in the number of illegal constructions in catchment areas, because of which the flow of water to the reservoirs is blocked, as well as lack of rainfall in upstream areas. \"Apart from lack of rainfall in upstream areas, several illegal constructions have come up on the shore and catchment areas of both Osmansagar and Himayathsagar,\" HMWS&SB; chief general manager, transmission, V Visweswaraiah told TOI.In fact, National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI), that surveyed and submitted a report to the Hyderabad water board six months ago, on the steps to be taken to protect the two reservoirs, said the boundaries should be demarcated to protect the area of lakes and stop encroachments.National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) also advocated strict implementation of GO 111 issued by the state in 1996 to preserve the catchment areas of both the reservoirs. \"However, save constituting a high powered committee in September this year, little has been done to clear the encroachments on the catchment areas,\" said an official. \"Call it the effect of rampant urbanization with all sorts of constructions- both authorized and unauthorized every where which has affected the natural flow of water into the lakes,\" said an analyst.In view of the impending water crisis, officials said drinking water will be supplied with the help of pump sets from the reservoirs till November. If the situation does not improve, we will be forced to resort to supplying water once in five days from January next year, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692625", "title": "Tamil Nadu hikes dearness allowance by 7%", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government on Friday offered a 7% hike in dearness allowance (DA) for its employees, in line with a recent central government proposal. Chief minister J Jayalalithaa said as the Centre had announced 7% increase in DA, her government too decided to provide a similar hike in the basic pay of its employees and teachers. This would cost the state exchequer an additional 1,443 crore.The chief minister extended the benefit to retired teachers and said the hike will be paid in cash with retrospective effect from July 1, 2012.A government order said the arrears of DA for July, August and September 2012 will be disbursed by cash immediately. Only full time employees, who are getting DA and are paid from contingencies at fixed monthly rates, will be eligible for the revised DA.Revised dearness allowance will also apply to teaching and non-teaching staff working in aided educational institutions, employees under local bodies, those under UGC, All India Council for Technical Education scales of pay, teachers, physical directors, librarians in government and aided polytechnics and special diploma institutes, village assistants in revenue department, noon meal, child welfare, anganwadi workers, cooks, helpers, panchayat assistants, clerks in village panchayat under rural development and panchayat raj department and sanitary workers drawing special time scale of pay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16692684", "title": "International status for Coimbatore airport is just a cosmetic tag", "text": "COIMBATORE: Although the Union Government conferred international status to Coimbatore airport on Friday along with four others in the country, it seems to be more of a cosmetic tag than a prevailing reality. Forget about international air connectivity; domestic connectivity to the other metros including Mumbai, Bangalore, New Delhi, Kochi and Chennai is far from adequate. In addition, land acquisition for airport expansion remains a challenge that authorities cannot seem to overcome. Consequently, the operation of wide bodied and fat bellied international air buses from the city airport continues to remain a dream.Coimbatore has only two international flights operating to Singapore and Sharjah. A previous operation to Colombo was discontinued about two years ago citing poor patronage. According to industry sources, most international flight operators refuse to include Coimbatore in their itinerary because of the absence of a runway that can accommodate the takeoff and landing of large air buses.But before we look at international connectivity, the domestic flights themselves are not scheduled for convenience, especially in the case of business travelers who often need to fly out early morning and take the last flight back home in the evening. \"Flights are being operated during odd hours. The aerobridges are of very poor quality and the buses taking passengers to their flight remains very old,\" points out industrialist and frequent flyer Ravi Sam. The immediate need is for a direct flight to Dubai, he said. Thousands of people from Western Tamil Nadu and Palakkad work in the Gulf countries. Thus a direct flight would receive the desired patronage. Dubai is also a gateway for trade and industry,\" he said.\"An upgrade to international status means extensive immigration facilities to handle a large number of foreign passengers, aero-bridges, longer runways and larger terminals. We have all these facilities and can operate flights to key destinations. We hope to speed up the land-acquisition process also,\" said airport director Peter Abraham.However, revenue department sources say that land acquisition hurdles are far from over. The state government is yet to respond to a proposal from the district administration to hike the compensation for affected families to Rs one crore per acre, as the airport is located in a highly urban part of the city. The district administration is convinced that land acquisition is possible only if the compensation offered is 150 percent of the guideline value. Despite the demand for Rs 650 crore to conduct the acquisition, funds are yet to be allocated by the state government.\"The decision to expand the city airport to operate international flights was taken three years ago by the AII and the then DMK government agreed to hand over the required land. AAI has already set aside Rs 300 crore for development of infrastructure including the runway and new terminal and the final construction plan is also ready. But nothing has happened in the last two years because of lack of funds for land acquisition,'' points out a senior officer of AAI, on conditions of anonymity. The acquisition has been delayed because of the poor compensation package offered to more than 450 affected families in the Chinniyampalayam-Kalapatty locality.Meanwhile, MP P R Natarajan said he had proposed a revised expansion plan with the support of the affected community and this would be discussed with the AII chairman soon. If the expansion drive is implemented, the proposed airport will have an extended runway of 12,000 ft (it is 9,900 ft at present). This will facilitate the landing and takeoff of international flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692282", "title": "PCMC partly demolishes building", "text": "PUNE: A two-storied unauthorised building spread over 12,000 sq ft in Rahatni near Pimpri was partly demolished by the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation ( PCMC) on Friday.The building could not be demolished completely because of a mechanical problem in the excavator. Civic officials said the approach road to the building located in Sai Colony is very narrow. Only one excavator could reach the building. The demolition drive, which was conducted in the presence of police security, was led by executive engineer Gulab Dangat.The drive to demolish unauthorised constructions, which had been suspended during the Ganesh festival, resumed on Thursday wherein a two-storied building was demolished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691819", "title": "Mumbai students forced to pick centres in Haryana, Assam", "text": "MUMBAI: Chaos reigned on the first day of the registration process for the first ever National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) for post-graduate medical aspirants. After the website meant for online registrations crashed several times on Thursday, city students were forced to pick centres in Uttarakhand, Ranchi and Haryana because centres in Mumbai and Maharashtra had filled up fast.Around 8,000 medical students from the state usually take the PG entrance test. The state test was scrapped and NEET introduced this year. The website mentioned that centres would be allotted on a first-come-first-serve basis. As there were only seven centres in the state and four in Mumbai, students rushed to book their seats online. Students reached the bank from where they were supposed to collect vouchers as early as 4.30 am and waited till 9.30 am for the bank to open.Since the online test is between November 23 and December 6, students were hoping to get a slot towards the last few days. A student said, \"The server crashed at least three or four times while I tried to register. We continued trying to register for three to four hours, but with no luck. It is a three-stage form filling process and the server crashed erratically at any point. When I finally managed to complete the process, city and Pune centres were full.\"Another student said, \"By 10 pm, most places across the country were filling up fast. With no centres in Gujarat and Rajasthan, I was forced to choose Uttarakhand.\"Some students who logged in early on October 5 easily managed to get seats in Mumbai centres. A student said, \"Some of my friends who filled the form around 3 am, did get a seat allocation in Mumbai. We have been told that the process was much easier on Friday and students managed to fill up the forms in 15 minutes. Now as per the rule, slots and centres once chosen cannot be rescheduled or cancelled. Why then should the authorities claim that the system worked on first-come-first-serve basis?\"Most of the students who filled it up on Thursday to be on the safe side have ended up with centres in Ranchi, Haryana, Jharkhand, Assam, etc.Prometric India MD Soumitra Roy said, \"Scheduling instructions have been shared by NBE before the start of the registration window, and candidates were reminded at the time of online scheduling. Prometric continues to increase available seating for current test dates to address heavy registration demand. As a result of demand in individual areas, not all sessions may be available and candidates should select another session if their first choice is not available.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691876", "title": "Designer accused of stealing pet claims frame-up by cop", "text": "MUMBAI: A fashion designer, who was held for her alleged role in stealing model Shradha Sharma's pet dog recently, claimed that the complainant, Shradha Sharma, \"twisted facts\" to embroil her in the case.The accused, Gayatri Das, said Sharma in cahoots with a police officer got her arrested. Das plans to file a complaint with the police chief. \"The dog belonged to controversial actor Raja Chaudhary . When Raja was externed from city limit he kept the pet with Sharma,\" said Das.\"She was unable to handle the animal so she sold it to me for Rs 12,000.\" Sharma had filed a theft case against Das with the Oshwiara police.The police said Sharma had produced the payment receipt to establish that she had purchase the pet. Sharma and Das knew each other. Sharma in her complaint stated that Das had stolen the Lhasa a few months ago. Das runs a dog kennel. Sharma asked Das to return the pet. Sharma said that someone had told Das that a double colour Lhasa brings good luck and hence she stole it.Sharma said, \"I had dog's purchase receipt and other documents to prove that the dog belongs to me and how can she claim that it belongs to someone else (Raja Chaudhary). She is accused in the case and now misleading everyone. Despite of admitting her mistake she is making false allegations.\"Das alleged that the police had called her for the questioning last month after Sharma approached them with her written complaint. Das claimed that she produced all the relevant documents to prove that the dog belonged to her. \"The police officer agreed with me and the matter was closed. But afterward Sharma influenced the officer and he registered FIR against me without any verification.\"The police had arrested Das in the case recently and produced her before the court. She is on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692350", "title": "City's first liver transplant patient dies", "text": "PUNE: The 54-year-old man who had undergone a liver transplant at the Ruby Hall Clinic on Monday died after 48 hours due to cardiac rhythm disturbances (arrhythmia) and metabolic derangement, according to a statement issued by the hospital on Thursday. This was the first-ever cadaveric liver transplant in the Pune city.\"The surgery was successful and the transplanted liver functioned normally, but the patient died due to arrhythmia and metabolic derangement after 48 hours,\" the hospital's statement said.The transplant surgery was initiated late night on September 30 and completed at 9 am the next day. The patient died at 2.45 pm on October 3.A multi-disciplinary team comprising five surgeons, five anaesthetists, two hepatologists, intensivists, nurses and others came together to successfully harvest a 62-year-old cadaveric donor's liver which was transplanted into the patient with end-stage liver disease.The family of a 62-year-old man from Satara had donated his liver, kidneys and corneas after he was declared brain-dead. The man had suffered bleeding inside the skull due to hypertension.\"The event was significant because it marked the beginning of a new era of transplant medicine in the city of Pune,\" the statement said.P K Grant, managing trustee of the hospital, said in the statement, \"We are planning to establish a robust organ transplant programme for liver, heart, pancreas and other organs in the hospital to add to the existing kidney transplant programme which is well-established.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691175", "title": "Tricksters rob housewife, mother-in-law of gold ornaments", "text": "NAGPUR: Two con men posing as gold polishers robbed a 32-year-old housewife and her mother-in-law of valuables worth Rs40,000 at Hasanbagh on Tuesday afternoon.Kaiserjaha Ansari and her mother-in-law were at home when the two tricksters approached them. They gave demonstration on polishing gold ornaments by treating them with a yellow colour solution inside a cooker vessel.Convinced by this, the women handed over their ornaments to the unidentified tricksters who placed them inside the vessel. After sending the women on different errands, the miscreants slipped out of the house with the valuables.The women and family members later lodged complaint with Nandanvan police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16693815", "title": "Minor girl kidnapped at Betim", "text": "PANAJI: A minor girl from Betim was allegedly kidnapped while going to school on Wednesday morning.Police said that on October 3, the girl left home for school but did not attend classes. As the girl did not return home from school that day, worried family members lodged a complaint with Porvorim police. The father of the girl named Shahanawaz Shaikh, 21, a resident of Mahaboob Nagar, Hyderabad, as a suspect behind the alleged kidnapping. Police also said that the accused was employed at a mobile shop at Panaji bus stand, next to the victim's father shop. The motive for the kidnapping is yet to be established, police added. The case has been registered under Section 363 IPC and Section 8 of Goa Children's Act and PSI Videsh Shirodkar is investigating the case.2 minor boys sexually abused at CalanguteCalangute: Two minors were allegedly sexually assaulted by a security guard in Candolim on Gandhi Jayanti, according to Calangute police. It is learnt that a complaint was lodged by the aunt of one of the children, aged 14, that the security guard, Breven Parve, sexually abused her nephew and his friend, aged 13. The security guard also allegedly threatened to kill the two children if they told anyone about the act. On receiving the complaint, the police arrested Parve and have registered an offence under Section 505 of IPC and Section 8 of Goa Children's Act. Further investigations are on.Thieves steal truck at ParodaQuepem: A new truck owned by Vishwas Dessai from Paroda was stolen on Thursday night by unidentified persons. PI Santosh Desai said that the stolen truck was parked in the open space in front of the Paroda church. The owner noticed that his truck was missing on Friday morning. A theft case has been registered at Quepem police station under Section 379 of IPC. \"Our search for the culprit is on,\" said Desai.Man assaulted in own house at SaligaoCalangute: Saligao-resident Gaurav Yadav has lodged a complaint with the Calangute police that on Wednesday at around 10.30pm, three persons- Siddharth Naik, Sameer Chopdekar and Babu- trespassed into his house and assaulted him and his maid servant with a stone and wooden log, causing injuries. A dispute over property is believed to be the reason behind the assault. The police have registered an offence under Section 452 and Section 323 read with Section 34 of the IPC. Investigations are currently under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692149", "title": "3 injured in 2nd MTC accident in two days", "text": "CHENNAI: Three people, including two professors of Anna University, were injured in a multiple collision involving an MTC bus, a car, a bike and a van on the IT Corridor near Taramani on Friday morning. The speeding MTC bus hit the a car, resulting in a pile-up around 8am.This is the second accident involving an MTC bus in two days. On Thursday, an MTC bus lost control and killed a biker and injured four others. Those injured in Friday's accident are Yogeshwaran, 47, and his wife Thiruselvi, 37, both professors at Anna University, and Gnanasekaran, 35, a two-wheeler rider.Police said traffic was moving slowly towards Madhya Kailash, when a van slowed down at an intersection near Taramani. Behind the van was a two-wheeler, followed by a car, which too slowed down. But the MTC bus D51 (Tambaram to Thiruvanmiyur), which was behind the car went ahead and hit the car, resulting in a serial bumping.In the impact, the couple were injured and their car damaged. The two-wheeler rider also suffered injuries. A few passersby came to their rescue and took them to a private hospital. Yogeshwaran and Gnanasekaran were later discharged from the hospital. \"The woman in the car sustained injuries on her forehead after her head hit the windshield. She is kept under observation in a hospital,\" said an investigating officer. The MTC driver was driving at high speed that he was not able to control the vehicle, he added. None of the bus passengers was injured.Following this, the traffic on the stretch was affected for more than an hour till police cleared the car The car was further damaged when the recovery van pulled it away. Police booked bus driver Ponnurangam, 49, a resident of Semmenchery for rash and negligent driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693362", "title": "CBI seeks custody of Gali's aide", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Friday sought a 14-day custody of Mehfuz Ali Khan, personal assistant of mining scam accused Gali Janardhan Reddy, to question him about any investments made by the mining baron in foreign companies.The probe agency suspects that Gali Janardhan Reddy invested huge amounts he earned through illegal mining activities in foreign firms.that is investigating the OMC illegal mining case is suspecting that mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy invested huge amounts he earned through illegal means in certain foreign companies and is investigating further into it because all such investments are made from the proceeds of illegal mining scam he led in AP and Karnataka. Accordingly, the probe agency on Friday sought 14 day custody of the personal assistant of mining baron Gali Janardhan ReddyThe CBI secured a prisoner transit warrant from the Bangalore jail where Khan was lodged and produced him in the CBI court herethrough a prisoner transit warrant from a Bengaluru jail and is now seeking to question him to know about the investments made by Janardhan Reddy in certain foreign companies.Principal special judge U Durga Prasad Rao sent Khan to judicial remand till October 17. The judge will hear on October 8 the argument of Khan before deciding on the custody plea of the CBI.Responding to the plea of Khan, the judge directed the authorities to provide special class prisoner status to him.Meanwhile, in a separate development, the AP high court granted bail to Karnataka MLA Suresh Babu and Gali's relative Dasarathrami Reddy in the cash-for-bail scam case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16693816", "title": "Sex racket busted in Calangute, four held", "text": "CALANGUTE: Continuing their drive against prostitution in Calangute, the police rescued five women and arrested four men and a woman in two separate raids on Thursday night.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said that in the first raid between 6.40pm and 7.40pm, following a tip-off that two women were soliciting customers near a coffee shop in Baga, the police sent two decoy customers to the women. When the decoy customers struck a deal with the women, the waiting police team pounced on them and took them into custody. Both the women, aged 23, were from Mumbai. They have been sent to Apna Ghar in Merces.In the second raid late on Thursday night between 9pm and 11.30pm following a tip-off, the Calangute police raided an apartment at Cobravaddo and rescued three women from Mumbai who had been forced into prostitution.Two men and a woman from Mumbai were arrested for procuring the women for prostitution and living off the earnings of prostitution. The three arrested were identified as Fatima Khan, 25, Mohammad Phiroj, 31, and Martaja Sheikh, 26, all from Malwani, Malad, Mumbai.Two customers who were caught red-handed in the apartment at the time of the raid were also arrested. They were identified as Sahen Maj, 27, from Gajpatipur, Bharaich, Uttar Pradesh, and Amar Jana, 24, of Midnapore, West Bengal.All the five arrested who were charged under Sections 3,4 5, and 7 of the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act 1956, were on Friday remanded to seven days police custody by the JMFC, Mapusa, while the three rescued women, aged 19, 25 and 30, were sent to Apna Ghar.Two weeks ago, Calangute MLA Michael Lobo had alleged that around 100 apartments have been taken on rent and were to be used for prostitution activities in Calangute following the crackdown on massage parlours.The police teams comprised PI Raposo, PSIs Sherif Jacques and Mahesh Gadekar, head constable Subhash Malwankar, constable Vinay Srivastava, and lady police constables Sheetal Kinlekar and Geeta Palyekar. With these two raids, Calangute police have so far conducted 12 raids, arrested 36 persons and rescued 23 women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692238", "title": "Slain businessman had opened fire at gang; 1 dies of bullet injury", "text": "CHENNAI: Slain businessman P P G Kumaran had opened fire at the 20-member gang which attacked him near Sriperumbudur on Monday, injuring one of his attackers, it has come to light now. T Iyyappan, 27, a gang member who took a bullet, died at the Government General Hospital at 11.20pm on Thursday.The investigators had kept the incident of firing under wraps as they tried to get details from Iyyappan while he was undergoing treatment. Police said they found a wounded Iyyappan by the roadside near Kumaran's body. They took him to the Government General Hospital, where he was being treated away from media and public attention.Iyyappan's medical report said a bullet had entered through the left chest and got embedded in the body. After keeping him on ventilator for a few days, doctors declared Iyyappan dead at 11.20pm on Thursday.Police had recovered a country-made pistol and revolver from Kumaran's car after the incident.Police have arrested Appala Rajan, who led the gang from Madurai, and two AIADMK functionaries Mannur Kutty and Senthil Rajan of Sriperumbudur, who engaged the gang to kill Kumaran. Kumaran, who was elected councillor of Pillaipakkam panchayat, was attacked in front of the Sriperumbudur panchayat office on Monday.As the gang hurled petrol bombs on his car, the vehicle overturned. After interrogating some of the accused, police said Kumaran had a country-made pistol. As soon as the car overturned, he took out the pistol and opened fire at the gang. While Iyyappan was hit by bullets, the others attacked Kumaran with sickles and knives.Sriperumbudur police registered a case and arrested six persons, while six other accused surrendered in different courts in the state. Kumaran, contesting as an independent candidate, had defeated AIADMK activist Senthil Rajan in the last local body election. The two were also competitors in scrap business.Kumaran, 35, who had produced the Tamil film 'Vaigai,' was living with his family in a village near Pillaipakkam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16695704", "title": "Deol trio in Ghai\u2019s next venture", "text": "The Showman recently made a short trip to London to discuss the subject with Sunny who loved the scriptNot so long ago, he was caught in controversy around his institute, Whistling Woods. However, Subhash Ghai seems to have put the past behind him as he forges ahead with other plans.Just recently, the Showman joined hands with the hero of his 1980 hit, Karz , for his untitled next, which also marks his own return to direction after a gap of four years. He is now learnt to be in talks with Sunny Deol for another project. We hear Ghai made a quick dash to London to meet up with Sunny there.When contacted, Ghai simply said, \"I went to London and I had a gala time there but I don't wish to reveal anything else.\"Meanwhile, a source told TOI, \"Subhash flew to London to do a recce for his next film starring Rishi Kapoor , after which he caught up with the Deols. They had already discussed the subject in the past. The idea was to take the concept ahead.\"The source said it's a romantic theme and that Sunny has loved the script . \"Subhash wants all the Deols together as he feels their on-screen chemistry is magical,\" the source added.If all goes well, this will be Ghai and Sunny's next after Right Yaa Wrong .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16693977", "title": "Mantralaya starts revamp, but fire NOC yet to come", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking building and fire permissions for major renovations is mandatory for housing societies and ordinary citizens. The Mantralaya, damaged in a major fire in June, seems to have the privilege to go ahead with a revamp without procuring permissions.An RTI query by JVPD resident Anandji Joshi, made separately to the Mantralaya, PWD (which is in charge of the revamp work) and BMC has revealed that the work does not have a fire or a civil construction NOC.Chief fire officer Sunil Joshi said the Mantralaya had submitted the renovation plan, but permission from his department was yet to be issued. \"We will issue our NOC after studying the plan and suggesting fire prevention measures. There is no option but to use wood, but we will ensure that the makeover includes fire retardant material and fire retardant paints for wooden portions such as compartments and doors.\"The BMC's reply was that records of permissions for older and newer renovations were not traceable and so no specific reply could be given. Moreover, wood is being used in the revamp for making new cabins and cubicles. It is pertinent to note that wooden compartments were said to have fuelled the fire.A senior PWD official said, \"We have submitted our plans to various departments and NOCs from them will come after scrutiny and fee payment. Only basic renovation work has been started. Suggestions and recommendations incorporated in the NOCs will be implemented in later stages.\"Times View : Learn from past mistakesThe government's refusal to draw lessons from the fire is baffling. It appears it's making exactly the same mistakes now it made earlier, which led to the fire. Wilful disregard for safety norms, especially when an example as calamitous as this year's fire is there, is criminal. We heard public memory was short. Is government memory even shorter?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16692826", "title": "Actors\u2019 devotion pill for \u2018Ram\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: 'Laxman' and 'Sita' have been offering prayers in the temple for a speedy recovery of 'Ram\" who has contracted dengue! Well, this 'Ram' is a mere mortal who has been essaying the role of the lord in Ramleela for the past four years. Abhishek Sharma, a theatre artist, popularly known as \"Ram\" has fallen prey to a dengue mosquito.But with a strong faith, that the devotion works, as a better pill than any other form of treatment, the fellow actors are now praying for his quick recovery.From reading out the holy scriptures to praying in sector 28 based temple for the protagonist, these theatre artists, have started preparations for the annual event ahead of Dussehra and are hopeful that their co-actor, too would soon join them in enacting the epic.Stung by a dengue mosquito, Abhishek Sharma, who has been enacting this role for past 4 years is admitted in the Government multi specialty hospital. With barely a few days left for Ramleela, it is not possible to train a new artist and as it is not possible to mug up the dialogues so quickly. Mukesh Sharma founder of the Samvadh theatre group said, \"It takes 8-10 years for any actor to come into true form for this role. We do not keep prompters in our drama and Abhishek had learnt all the lines by heart. It is now so tough to look out for a substitute.\"Abhishek has been associated with this city based theatre group since long. \"He is working in Mumbai now. But due to his long time association with our group he is now a family. I feel comfortable to work with him only as I have accepted him as Ram for the last four years,\" said Saloni Rana, who plays Sita.Not only is this 'Ram thought to be a family for the other artists, the audience also has been relating him closely with the mythological character.As Vikram Singh , a resident of sector 34 who has been seeing the performance since the past two years said, \"I cannot imagine a change in the character. It is natural for an audience to associate with a particular artist. This Ram has been soft spoken and looks humble. It suits his personality.\" Meanwhile Abhishek is hopeful that his idol Lord Ram would surely shower blessings and help in quick recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693600", "title": "24 dengue cases reported on Friday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital reported 24 new dengue cases on Friday, the maximum number of cases reported in a day this season. No deaths were reported. Corporation officials reported that the total number of cases of the mosquito-borne disease has now gone up to 140. Of this, three dengue cases have originated from outside the capital, the official said.The maximum number of cases have been reported this year from the North Delhi Municipal Corporation (61) followed by the South corporation (50). The East corporation has reported 19 dengue cases so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692225", "title": "Man stages own kidnapping, demands $3.5L from father", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch on Friday detained the debt-ridden son of a businessman for attempting to extort money from his father by staging his own kidnap.Abhishek Abhay Chordiya, 28, of Nigdi Pradhikaran was detained from Ahmednagar by the anti-extortion cell of the crime branch. Investigations have revealed that Abhishek, who runs a fragrance and cosmetics shop in Chinchwad, had borrowed around Rs 50 lakh. When he could not repay the amount, he hatched the plot with the help of some friends.\"We have got the names of the others involved in the case and have launched a search to trace them,\" said assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav.According to Satav, on Thursday, Abhay Chordiya, father of Abhishek, informed the police that his son had called him from his cellphone and told him that when he and his driver Ravi Dhakane had gone to Bhakti-Shakti chowk to get his sports utility vehicle serviced, some unidentified persons abducted him and demanded 3.5 lakh dollars for his release.\"Abhishek told him that the abductors were threatening to kill him if the money was not paid within two days,\" Satav said.Abhay also informed the police that, on September 19, a man claiming to be a criminal from Dubai had called him and demanded money from him and both his sons, Satav said.As the matter was serious, senior officers including police commissioner Gulabrao Pol were monitoring the investigations, Satav added.Investigations revealed that Abhay got the call from Lonavla. So, a police team was sent to Lonavla to trace the suspects,\" a senior officer said.On Friday morning, the police received information that Abhishek was in Ahmednagar. \"Before the police could take any action, Abhishek called his father and informed him that his abductors had released him and his driver in Ahmednagar,\" the officer said.A police team led by inspector of the anti-extortion cell Sachin Sawant brought Abhishek from Ahmednagar. During interrogation he admitted to staging his own kidnapping. \"Abhishek also revealed that the extortion calls, which his father and elder brother received on September 19, were part of the same plot.\"Abhishek told the police that, after leaving his SUV at the service station, he and his friends went to Lonavla in another car. From there he made a call to his father. Then he took a bus to Ahmednagar along with his driver.Meanwhile, in a statement, the Chordiya family said that Abhishek had taken huge loans from moneylenders at the rate of 20% per month. The family added that Abhishek was under tremendous pressure from the moneylenders, and, therefore, staged his own kidnapping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16694070", "title": "Travelling by bus- reach delhi in 9.5 hours", "text": "KANPUR: Here is a good news for the passengers who frequently commute between Kanpur and New Delhi. Now one can reach Delhi from the city in just 9.5 hours. This facility will be provided by State Road Transport Corporation.The roadwaysbuses will leave for Delhi via a changed route. The buses will now cover a distance of 490 kms instead of 440 kms.The roadways buses will now ply via Etawah, Yamuna expressway to reach Delhi instead of running through Kannauj and Aligarh. For this new arrangement, the passengers will have to shell out Rs 87 more. Now the passengers will have to spend Rs 366 for their journey to reach Delhi. The increased ticket prices is due to more distance and the toll-tax, which is to be paid on Yamuna Expressway. Till now, the passengers had to pay Rs 279 as the fare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "koraput/ bhubaneswar", "code": "16691835", "title": "Former minister Gomango passes away", "text": "Koraput/ BHUBANESWAR: Veteran Congress leader and former minister Bhagirathi Gomango passed away on Friday while he was returning to his village in Rayagada district from Bhubaneswar. He was 74 and is survived by wife Harabati, a son and three daughters.Family sources said that Gomango was not keeping well for the past few days and was hospitalised in a private hospital in Bhubaneswar.He was returning home after being discharged from the hospital. \"He was returning home in a private vehicle and complained of uneasiness near Digapahandi around 5 pm and collapsed. His body will be brought to his village,\" said Purusottam Gomango, a relative.A resident of Dibirisingh village in Rayagada district's Padmapur block, Gomango was elected for seven times to the Odisha legislative assembly from Gunupur constituency between 1967 and 2000. Barring his last term from 1996 to 2000 when he won as an Independent, he represented the Congress as an MLA six times.Gomango served as minister for supply, rural development, cooperation, agriculture and health between 1973 and 1977 during the Congress government. He won from both the Koraput Lok Sabha seat and the Gunupur assembly constituency in 1971 but resigned from Parliament to remain in state politics.Condoling Gomango's death, chief minister Naveen Patnaik said he was an able administrator and popular tribal leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16694105", "title": "Traders booked for blocking minister\u2019s way", "text": "KANPUR: The Kotwali police on Friday booked several traders including the general secretary of Akhil Bharatiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal, Gyanesh Mishra, in connection with Wednesday's incident wherein members of the fraternity waved black flags and attempted to blacken the face of Union Minister of State for Road, Transport and Highways, Jitin Prasad.Prasad was reportedly in the city to strengthen party base in the district ahead of the Lok Sabha polls. The protest was organised by traders to condemn the Centre's decision to introduce FDI in multi-brand retail. The minister was on his way to Tilak hall to address a press conference when traders waylaid his cavalcade near BIC gates on VIP road. The protesters were eventually removed from the spot by the minister's security personnel and local police.Raising slogans against the Congress-led UPA government, the traders waved black flags and tried to blacken the minister's face. \"The UPA government is not at all concerned about the welfare of 'aam-aadmi'. We have therefore decided to mark our protest by waving black flags and blackening faces of Congress leaders when they visit the city,\" Mishra said. Mishra and several others have been booked for unlawful protest and assembly besides forcibly creating hurdles in the way of the minister's cavalcade. \"A case has been lodged in this regard with the Kotwali police by Ramendra Singh Munna, a Congress party worker,\" a police official said.Traders booked for blocking minister's way Kanpur: On the fifth day of the ongoing Wildlife Week celebrations, a number of cultural programmes were held at Kanpur Zoo on Friday. These competitions were held in the senior category. All the programmes were based on the subject wildlife. The highlights of the day were group song, group dance and skit in, which students from different schools participated and won huge applause. Through different programmes, the students gave message of saving wildlife and its importance to the mankind.Over 130 students from 10 different schools participated in the cultural events that were held. In the group singing event, the first prize was bagged by the students of Seth Moti Lal Khediya Inter College. In the group dance programme, the students of Nagar Nigam Mahila Inter College won the first prize. The second place was occupied by the students of St John Inter College. In Skit, the first place was bagged by the students of Children's Care Higher Secondary School. The second place was grabbed by Seth Moti Lal Khediya Inter College. Anmol Sharma of Bright angles Intermediate College and Vandana Jha of Nagar Nigam Mahila Inter College won the first and the second place respectively in monoacting programme.Aruna jyoti of Maharana Pratap Education Centre and Sumit Mehrotra of Saraswati Gyan Mandir Inter College won the first and the second spot respectively in the Casio-Playing programme. Rishabh Gupta of BNSD Shiksha Niketan Inter College came on the third spot in the same event. Several events mark 5th day of Wildlife week Kanpur: The manager of a private firm was robbed of Rs 1.80 lakh by two motorcycle borne men under the Kotwali police station here on Friday. The victim, Arvind Shukla, a native of Kalpi Jalaun, told the police that the incident occurred while he was looking for conveyance outside ICICI bank on Mall road after withdrawing the cash. Suddenly, the pillion rider on a motorcycle snatched his bag and the criminal duo sped away. Hearing his cries, locals rushed to the spot and gave the snatchers a chase in vain.Talking to TOI, a police official at the Kotwali police station said:\"Investigations are underway and we are questioning the victim as well as eyewitnesses in connection with the broad-day light incident.\" Drowned: An unidentified man was feared drowned in Ganga river near Ganga Barrage under Kohna police station on Friday. The victim had gone to bathe in the river and eyewitnesses heard him shouting for help. However, he was swept away by the river before they could attempt rescue. Divers assigned the task of procuring the body by the police had not succeeded in doing so till the filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16694118", "title": "Scientists aim to mimic black holes in UK laboratory", "text": "LONDON: Scientists in the UK are attempting to mimic black holes in a laboratory to understand how matter and energy interact. A team at Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh will produce laser pulses whose energy is measured in trillions of watts, The Independent said. The laser pulses will be used to simulate conditions found around a black hole as part of a 2.35 million project.Black hole is a region of spacetime where gravity is so strong that light cannot escape and the normal laws of physics break down. \"What we are creating is the same space-time structure which characterizes a black hole. But we are doing this with a light pulse, so we don't actually have the mass which is associated with them. Gravitational black holes are generated by a collapsing star. We don't actually have that so there's no danger of being sucked into black holes,\" Daniele Faccio, the lead scientist, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16693382", "title": "Vuda issues notices to realty firms", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) issued notices to four firms here on Friday for violating the rules. Vuda issued notices to Bommarillu Farms and Villas India Limited for development and marketing a layout of 15 acres without necessary permission in the name of Kotha Bangaru Lokam in Kumarm village in S Kota mandal of Vizianagaram and imposed a penalty of Rs 6.21 lakh.Vuda has issued a similar notice to Grandeur City (building blocks) coming up in survey numbers 204, 205, 206, 213 and 216 of Dallipeta of Gudupuvalasa revenue village in Bhogapuram mandal. Vasupalli Nagaraju was also issued notice under these provisions for developing layout by name \"Alakananda\" at Chintalavalasa village on Vizianagaram-Kothavalasa Road near Bhadradri temple.Another layout \" Sai Satya Township\" was issued similar notice for developing layout in survey numbers 111 of Savaravilli village and 52 of Polipilli village in Bhogapuram mandal. The Vuda VC said transactions in unauthorised layouts will have no legality and permissions will not be given by either Vuda or the local bodies for constructions of further developments. No bank or financial institution will sanction loans.However, the general public is informed to insist for LP number and layout plans issued by Vuda from those proposed sale of plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16693903", "title": "Sex, blackmail spurred Mumbai teen girl's suicide", "text": "KALYAN: It has come to light that a 19-year-old girl who killed herself last month was allegedly blackmailed and sexually exploited by a businessman for over a year.On September 13, the FYBCom student from Ulhasnagar committed suicide by jumping in front of a local train between Shahad and Ambivli stations. The investigation led the Kalyan Government Railway Police (GRP) to prime accused Manoj Tiwari (32) and his two aides, Kamlesh Jaiswal (24) and Umesh Pal (19). The three were arrested on Friday for abetment to suicide.The accused had allegedly taken obscene photographs of the girl after promising to give her a break in the film industry. They later started threatening her, saying they would show the pictures to her parents. She was then allegedly forced to enter into a physical relationship with Manoj, a construction material supplier, said the police. This eventually drove the girl to commit suicide, it was alleged.Both the victim and Manoj lived in the Shahad Phatak area. The police said Manoj managed to befriend her and win her confidence. He reportedly told the girl that he could help her get into the film industry. She believed him and was asked to go for a photo-session.Sampat Nirmal, a GRP sub-inspector, said: \"Manoj and his two friends, Kamlesh and Umesh, took the girl to a hotel. There, they took objectionable photographs of the girl.\" After that, Manoj started blackmailing the girl and forced her into a physical relationship. The accused reportedly took the victim to various hotels during this period and also promised to marry her.Meanwhile, as her parents started suspecting that she was having an affair, the girl reportedly started pressuring Manoj to tie the knot with her. He, however, refused to do so.The girl then went into depression and, on September 12, narrated the entire episode to her mother. But before the family could do anything, she killed herself the very next day.The girl's mother later informed the GRP about what had happened. \"We found the phone records and registers of some hotels where Manoj took the victim,\" said Nirmal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693429", "title": "Discom warns against cheats", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Delhi discom on Friday issued an advisory to its consumers asking them to be on alert against cheats who may impersonate as discom officials.The discom said it has caught 36 people in the last 18 months on charges of extorting money from consumers. In a latest case, BSES Rajdhani Power Limited (BRPL) reported to have come across a series of incidents of impersonation and cheating by \"unscrupulous elements\" in R K Puram, south Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16693126", "title": "Poor planning sends civic body\u2019s projects in limbo", "text": "LUDHIANA: Most of the developmental projects of Municipal Corporation are in a state of limbo and may not be completed with the corporation reeling under financial crises due to poor planning and its failure in making recovery from defaulters. The corporation not only has a budget deficit but the latest records show that it has fallen far below the targets this year. And though most of its developmental projects in the city are hanging afire the civic authorities are still announcing new ones.The latest report prepared by the MC shows that from April 1 to September 29, its income dipped almost by Rs 581 crore as compared to the corresponding period in 2011.Sources said the decline primarily is because of poor planning, estimation of cost and inability of corporation authorities in recovering house tax, water and sewerage bills from a large number of defaulters. On their part the MC officials attribute the dip in income to the political interference.House tax, water and sewerage bills are the main source of income to the MC. We have been trying hard to recover the bills and taxes but there is a lot of political interference and thus no strict action can be taken against the defaulters, said a corporation employee, who declined to be named.When contacted Ludhiana municipal corporation commissioner R K Verma admitted that the revenue sources do not seem to have been optimally utilized. It seems the revenue sources have not been optimally utilized and once this is done the recoveries can be significantly enhanced. We will find new sources of funding and public private partnerships to make up for the lack of finances apart from an efficient financial management to improve the condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16691332", "title": "Why jam city, ask stranded commuters", "text": "Friday was a preview of things to come on Saturday, the day of Karnataka bandh, in several parts of Bangalore.Neha (name changed), a Bangalorean working in a call centre, was a bundle of nerves as she headed to Mysore on Friday, the last day to admit her brother to a college in the city of palaces. Sole breadwinner of the family, she had managed to save Rs 20,000 for ensuring a better future for her brother.But by the time the KSRTC bus she boarded reached the outskirts of the city, Neha's heart was in her mouth. The reason: Cauvery agitators had blocked the Bangalore-Mysore Road.A panic-stricken Neha called the TOI office to find out whether her bus would be able to make it to Mysore. \"I have to reach Mysore by 2pm to admit my brother. Else he will not get admission and will lose his seat. He strove hard to get this seat,\" she said as she broke down.Her brother's education was of crucial importance to Neha, whose father is ill and mother works once in a while as a tailor. Besides his future, the safety of her hard-earned money too was at the back of her mind.Neha called again by noon to say that her bus had been diverted from the main road. Though relieved that her journey was on, she was still unsure whether she would be able to make it to Mysore on time.If Neha was among the hundreds who were stopped on the outskirts, there were several thousands of Bangaloreans whose plans went haywire as two major rallies, including several localized protests and marches, threw life out of gear in the heart of the city.Govind Sharanappa, a bank official, was uneasy as he was getting late for work for the first time in years as he was caught in traffic near KR Circle. He also had to drop his wife at a clinic near Palace Road. Sharanappa could not move an inch for over 20 minutes and wondered if the rally was really worth all the trouble it was causing Bangaloreans.\"I think the whole issue is being overplayed by parties for political mileage. When you can resolve the issue peacefully through constitutional means, why cause inconvenience to the common man, who is already suffering from garbage woes, electricity scarcity and other problems,\" said Manas Sunrendra, an IT professional, who was struck at KR Circle for hours due to traffic congestion.\"I have to reach my office at least by noon. I got delayed by two hours. Had I known about the protest, I would have worked from home. I was only aware of the Karnataka bandh on Saturday and not this sudden protest,\" said Kartika Mohan, a finance consultant from Girinagar, as she got down from a bus and began walking towards her workplace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693434", "title": "Court halts noisy work on neighbour\u2019s plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The next time you think of getting some construction done in your house, you might just need to check with your neighbour about the \"noise pollution\" it can cause.In an unprecedented order, a trial court recently restrained a woman from carrying out any construction work inside her house that would cause probable \"noise pollution\" in the area after her neighbour moved the court alleging that the constant hammering caused her \"mental agony\".In an interim order, metropolitan magistrate Dinesh Kumar directed the owner of the house at Prithviraj road to stop using the construction equipment which cause noise pollution till the next date of the hearing in the case.\"The defandants are hereby restrained from using the construction equipments which are causing noise pollution to disturb the plaintiff (complainant) till the next date of hearing,\" the court said.The court also asked the owner of the house, where the construction is going on, to appear on October 19, 2012 while noting that a \"prima facie case\" was made in favour of the woman, who has complained of serious noise pollution and granted her an interim injunction.\"On the basis of the material on record, I am of the opinion that in the present case prima facie it appears that the plaintiff is suffering severely because of the alleged noise pollution. Prima facie case is made out in her favour. I am also of the opinion that the object of granting the injunction would be defeated by the delay, if at this stage, ad-interim ex parte injunction is not granted,\" the court said.The complainant had moved the court seeking an end to the construction work that was going on in the neighbouring house. In her complaint, she alleged that she had developed illness due to the noise and the wall of her house was developing cracks due to the construction work.The woman also alleged that her neighbour carried out the work without taking adequate precautions to control noise pollution. She claimed the constant hammering caused her extreme mental agony and physical pain. \"The complainant has several illnesses due to the continuous noise pollution and she made several complaints but nothing stopped the defandants to stop carrying out the work,\" the woman's counsel told the court.Despite several complaints to the police, no action was taken to stop the work, she claimed. The woman also submitted her medical diagnosis report to prove that she had developed illness due to the construction work. After going through the documents, the court said that on the face of the complaint, a case was made out and asked the house owner to appear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "forbesganj", "code": "16692904", "title": "Heroin worth over Rs 18 crore seized from train", "text": "FORBESGANJ: In one of the biggest ever haul of narcotics, customs sleuths and Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) seized three kilograms of heroin worth over Rs 18 crore from the toilet of a train compartment of Delhi-bound 12487 Jogbani-Seemanchal Express at Forbesgaj under Katihar division of North-East Frontier Railway (NEFR) on Thursday.Forbesganj, which is barely 20 km away from Bihar-Nepal border, lies in Araria district. Customs assistant commissioner (AC) Jyotiraditya, talking to TOI, disclosed that the customs sleuths with the 12th battalion SSB officials made a frantic search and seized the consignment of the packets of narcotic concealed in the ceiling of a toilet in a sleeper coach of 12487 Seemanchal Express. The customs and SSB officials struggled very hard in removing the nuts and bolts of the ceiling before they could lay their hands on the contraband heroin, the AC said.The raiding party was headed by AC Jyortiraditya, superintendents Rakesh Ranjan and Kishanganj-based 12th battalion SSB deputy commandant Rajesh Singh and assistant commandant Neeraj Chowdhury.The customs sleuths as well as SSB officials were tipped-off about the consignment of narcotics which were sneaked into Bihar from Nepal . Though they were told that some couriers were carrying the consignment, the traffickers changed their modus operandi, and decided to take them by rail route, the SSB commandant said. The heroin packets bore Double Tiger Brand tag and were manufactured in February this year, the officials said.This was the fourth such seizure of heroin from the same Seemanchal Express commuting between Jogbani (on Bihar-Nepal border) and New Delhi in the last four-and-a half-months. Heroin worth over Rs 78 crore were seized during the operations, said AC Jyotiraditya.The modus operandi too has more or less been the same. On two occasions, the consignment was tucked in the ceiling of the toilets of sleeper coaches, which puts a question mark on the functioning of railway officials as well as the police, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16691289", "title": "We have to get franchisees into I-League, says CEO Sunando Dhar", "text": "PANAJI: The I-League is now into its sixth year but much of what it set out to achieve has remained unfulfilled.I-League CEO Sunando Dhar, though, remains hopeful that there will be better days ahead for the competition but admits that the biggest challenge is to give it a Pan-India look.Excerpts of an exclusive interview with TOI.Has the I-League achieved its professional goal? The participating clubs have definitely become more professional with the introduction of the club licensing criteria. Some of the clubs are spending a lot on youth development as well and will soon start reaping the rewards.But what about the I-League itself? If you are speaking of registering the I-League as a separate entity, then we will all have to wait. At the last meeting, we told the clubs that we do not have a problem but the AIFF has sought legal opinion. We are doping that through a (retired) supreme court judge and as soon as we get the opinion, we will progress, depending on what has been suggested.The I-League is now in its sixth year. What are the challenges ahead? One big challenge is to give it a more Pan-Indian look. Right now, the league is too (highly) concentrated in Goa and Kolkata. The challenge is to expand and have teams from Delhi, Chennai and Hyderabad.How do you achieve that? That's a huge challenge for us. One way, and what has been suggested, is to get franchisees from these places (straight) into the I-League. The second division structure is such that from places where there is no strong local league and do not play the whole year round, it becomes difficult to sneak in and qualify. To be frank, Goa and Kolkata are not the commercial capitals. We have to touch on those topics as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16693536", "title": "Cross-community marriage spells doom for Kochi-based auto driver", "text": "KOCHI: Social stigma and caste sentiments have trumped the much-appreciated social welfare scheme sanctioned by the government for couples who marry outside their religion. With the Rs 50,000 he received as incentive from the government, Jins Mathew, who married Anila, a scheduled caste girl, bought an auto. He is now running from pillar to post to eke out a living.Now, his wife has complained to the district collector that auto drivers do not allow her husband to operate from the Kakkanad auto stand. Jins had filed a similar complaint to the Ernakulam RTO and the police.Though Jins bought an auto three months ago, various trade unions and auto drivers in Kakkanad kept him away from the auto stand, hindering his livelihood. A bus worker in Kochi for the past ten years, Jins bought an auto to spend more time with his wife and son. \"I took a bank loan and pledged my wife's ornaments to buy the auto,'' he said.At first, the trade unions asked him to get an ID card to prove that he was a Kakkanad resident. \"I removed my name from the ration card of my family and entered it in my wife's family card,\" he said. When nothing happened after a month, he even approached various political parties for help.\"I am neck deep in debt. On Thursday, I had to pledge my wife's wedding chain, the only valuable item we had, to pay the installment. We are finding it difficult to meet the day-to-day expenses. Some drivers want me to hire their autos on daily rent. But I refused since I won't be able to repay the loan installment this way,'' he said.Jins said he would try to join the Kakkanad auto stand one more time. \"If anyone objects, I will complain to the RTO and give the driver's name and registration number of his vehicle,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16691658", "title": "Arrests fail to quell Utkal unrest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Though police have already arrested 13 youths in connection with Wednesday's attack on some boarders of Gopabandhu hostel at Utkal University, students on Friday demanded apprehension of the mastermind, who designed the assault.A large number of students staged demonstration at the main entrance of the university to draw the attention of police about their demand. \"We appreciate that the police arrested some people. But police should find out who instigated them to launch the attack after midnight,\" said Ajay Pani, a student leader. \"We will intensify our agitation until the prime accused is held. The youth wing of Congress would soon hit the streets demanding crime branch probe, if the police fail to arrest the mastermind,\" Pani said. \"We have tipped off the police about the conspirator,\" he added.Students of several colleges brought out rallies condemning the attack on the innocent hostel boarders, seven of whom are still recuperating in hospital. They demanded restriction on the movement of outsiders in hostels.The students also demanded the police to upgrade the existing police outpost on the campus in view of frequent student unrest. Though the police outpost was set up in late 1980s, it is virtually lying in moribund state. Sources said an assistant sub-inspector was sanctioned for the outpost. But only three constables are running the show now. A dedicated police control room van should be attached to the outpost for round the clock patrolling on the campus, students said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692588", "title": "BPL families may get three extra cylinders", "text": "MUMBAI: The state may replicate the Delhi government's model of providing poor families with nine subsidized cooking gas cylinders in a year, while retaining the six-cap subsidy norm for others.The Congress leadership in the Centre had asked states ruled by the party to provide extra cylinders at concessional rates. The Delhi government has said it would give nine cheap cylinders to 3.5 lakh BPL families belonging to the Below the Poverty Line (BPL) and those with Antodaya Anna Yojana cards.On Friday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and finance minister Jayant Patil discussed the LPG issue; in Maharashtra, a decision on extra cylinders can be taken after a meeting with the NCP, which controls the state food and civil supplies department. Stating it was only a review meeting, the CM said they were watching the fuel price scene in the Centre.Chavan and Patil reviewed the burden on the state exchequer in various scenarios. If the subsidy is extended across the state, the burden may cross Rs 1,500 crore, but if it is limited to poor families, it may be Rs 250 crore. The option of extending concession to orange card-holders was also discussed.About 12.5 crore cooking gas cylinders are consumed every year in the state. There are 1.71 crore LPG connections. Sources however said that there was however no central data on the number of cylinders consumed by the poor families. (BPL, AAL and APL families). Sources said Chavan has instructed officials to collate this data. Sources said that the department could also embark on a special drive to weed out bogus connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16692986", "title": "Rs 4 crore in power department kitty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It has been six months since the current financial year commenced and within the first four months, the electricity department has collected Rs 4 crore as revenue on account of checking of unauthorized use of electricity. It had collected Rs 6 crore as total amount in the entire financial year 2011-12. With this, the electricity department has stated a rise of 36% of defaulters in the city in comparison to last year till July. The percentage will only increase as the department does not have a specific method to keep a tab on the defaulters and only one person to conduct checks in the entire city.With no specific method of catching defaulters, the department goes by the mantra of 'more complaints, more defaulters' following which summers are the time when the electricity department penalizes most defaulters. As per the data available with the department, the highest revenue amount was collected in the months of June and July was Rs 1.82 crore and 1.20 crore, respectively. In April, the amount collected was Rs 41.71 lakh while in May it was Rs 47.77 lakh.\"In summers there are more power complaints following which checks are done by the department's enforcement wing,\" said UT superintending engineer M P Singh. The defaulters in these cases were consumers who have been using more load than declared and also those indulged in power thefts.Also, if one thought the faulty meter was the power department's problem and the consumer could not be penalized for it, its time for a reality check. \"As per the electricity supply code followed by the UT electricity department, it is the duty of the consumer to inform the department about the fault and not wait for the department officials to find it,\" Singh said.If the data for the last three years is to be compared, the city has seen a continuous rise in the number of defaulters. In financial year 2009-10, the amount collected was Rs 2.06 crore which increased to Rs 2.89 crore in 2010-11. In the last financial year, it was Rs 6 crore while this year in the first four months only Rs 4 crore have been collected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16692704", "title": "Six cattle die after truck turns turtle", "text": "COIMBATORE: A truck carrying cattle from Hosur to the slaughter house in Mysore, Karnataka turned turtle at Gobichettipalayam on Friday killing six of them. Police said the lorry was packed with 60 cattle including cows, bulls and buffaloes. The truck driver escaped unhurt.The accident took place at Banglapudur near Gobichettipalayam on the Erode-Mysore Road. According to police, the legs of two buffaloes were broken while others escaped with minor injuries. A case has been registered against the truck driver Annu for over-loading his truck. A maximum of 15 cattle are permitted in a single truck. The incident took place when the driver attempted to negotiate a dangerous curve.The curve had witnessed about 60 accidents since January and a forest officer who was travelling in a two-wheeler died last week when collided with a lorry at the curve.Erode district collector V K Shanmugham said animal welfare officials and police have been directed to crackdown on vehicles carrying animals beyond their capacity. He also promised steps to repair the curve on the busy inter-state highway to bring down the number of accidents. District authorities have summoned veterinarians and started treating the injured animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16692104", "title": "MCG can't even keep its revenue records", "text": "GURGAON: The financial commissioner and principal secretary of the urban local bodies department has blamed the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) for not maintaining the revenue records properly. In a review meeting the department had last month, the department authorities found \"huge discrepancies\" in the way the MCG handled its revenue. According to a source, no accurate record has been maintained on the aid it has received from various government agencies. \"A meeting was held last month to check the financial status of all the departments that come under the local bodies department and we came across huge discrepancies in the manner in which revenue records are being maintained by the MCG. It was found that the records from 2006 till now have been poorly maintained and there is no proper record of how much funds in the form of aid it has received by the state and central government. Moreover, there is no appropriate way to show how these funds were utilized,\" said a senior official. \"The MCG is one of the richest corporations in the country and has not faced any severe cash crunch so far. However, it has to maintain proper records of the transactions it does, failing which it will lead to problems later. We have asked the MCG authorities to give us a reply on who is accountable for such discrepancies, he added. The MCG authorities say that they are preparing their response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16696183", "title": "UPA govt deceiving people in name of grand reforms: Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: Tearing into the Centre's big ticket reforms, Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa on Saturday described it as \"diversionary\" to \"anaesthetise the mammoth corruption charges\" against the UPA government especially when elections seem imminent.\"The UPA government is unfazed by the sufferings of the common people, small traders and small farmers.....This move at best is a gimmick and at worst an unworthy risk,\" she said in a statement two days after the Manmohan Singh government unleashed the second wave of reforms over FDI in pension and insurance sectors.Strongly opposing these moves, she said they were detrimental to the future of common people of the country.\"The act of disguising harmful decisions and promoting them under the name of grand reforms amounts to deceiving the people of the country. No amount of rhetoric will change the truth,\" she said.The AIADMK supremo lambasted the Centre when she said that its decision to hike FDI in insurance sector to 49 per cent, \"against a parliamentary standing committee recommendation will prove disastrous\".\"As to whether they have the right to jeopardise this crucial sector is a debatable issue,\" she said adding limiting the capital requirement to Rs 50 crore for insurance companies will lead to \"mushrooming\" of small companies lacking experience and capability and will be fraught with danger.It will unnecessarily expose the public to the risk of uncertainty, she said.Allowing FDI in pension funds and channelling the domestic savings of elderly persons into the highly risky and unpredictable capital market will place the future of senior citizens at tremendous risk, the chief minister added.Jayalalithaa said the government's green signal to hike FDI ceiling in insurance sector to 49 per cent from 26 per cent and opening up the pension sector will be operational only if relevant bills were passed in Parliament where, she said, the UPA \"faces a number crunch.\"\"FDI in the insurance sector will lead to the emergence and dominance of private insurance companies whose motives will be totally commercial,\" she said.Consequently, public sector insurance companies like LIC, which participate actively in the developmental process, will \"suffer\", she said.\"As a result, the developmental process of the nation itself will be adversely and severely affected,\" the chief minister, who had earlier announced she will not implement FDI in multi-brand retail in Tamil Nadu, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16693351", "title": "Speakers throw light on Rajiv Gandhi\u2019s policies", "text": "ALLAHABAD: AU political science department organised Rajiv Gandhi memorial lecture-cum-panel discussion on \"Rajiv Gandhi Prime Ministership: Direction of policy and contribution\" on Friday.Speaking at the lecture, Prof RLM Patil, member, Karnataka Higher Education Council, and former chairman, political science department, Bangalore University said the premiership of Rajiv Gandhi was short but noticeable for different reasons. So often his policies were full of enthusiasm, but their effects were not satisfactory as Rajiv Gandhi lacked experience. Prof Patil described Rajiv Gandhi as a 'pilot without navigators'.Prof MT Desai, former head, political science, Gujarat University, praised Rajiv Gandhi for the technological emphasis in his foreign policy. He said, \"We see great technological advancement of India in his era. Some of his foreign policies though were criticized instantly but acclaimed in the future age\". This proves the success of his insightful decisions in the long run, he added.Leela Ram Gurjar from Vardhman Mahaveer Open University, Kota, described Rajiv Gandhi's era where India advanced as a 'Developed Youth Nation'. Dr Gurjar underlined four major contributions of Rajiv Gandhi in the arena of domestic policy. First, his era is famous for a new education policy, in which he made education available for all though infrastructural reforms, like establishment of academic staff colleges and deemed universities. Second, he gave the Panchayati Raj institutions a constitutional status by which democracy reached to the grass root level. Third, he enlarged the political participation by lowering the age of voting from 21 to 18 years. And last and the most important reform was is in the arena of information technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "16693811", "title": "Hiriyur food park stops processing unit, farmers hit", "text": "CHITRADURGA: Almost a year ago, when the Akshaya Food Park (AFP) was set up in Hiriyur to encourage organic farming, there was much anticipation among farmers. The AFP was one among six agri parks conceived by the government to develop organic farming on 3,500 acres across Chitradurga, Tumkur, Davanagere, Bellary, Shimoga and Hassan districtsThe food park had started processing fruits and vegetables after it was set up last October. But in less than a year, the story has turned sour with the processing units shut down. AFP's CMD M Narayana Swamy had promised to process 15,000 quintals of organically grown agricultural produce, including spices, fruits and vegetables during the kharif season. But after six or seven months, the AFP slowed its processing owing to reduced supply by the growers. The multiple impact of continued drought conditions, irregular power supply and attack of pests and diseases on both pomegranate and musambi plantations meant growers could not maintain a steady supply to AFP.All activities in the AFP came to a standstill and well-qualified staffers who were manning the facility left the place. The staff had expertise in maintaining quality and preserving shelf life of finished products.CMD of the Hiriyur facility, Narayana Swamy, while interacting with fruit and vegetable growers and purchasers during a recent convention at the food park, explained that AFP would outsource the processing job. While the AFP would not manufacture processed food and market it, it would act as a facilitator to growers, purchasers and traders who can avail the facilities such as modern cold storage, grading and packing machines for both fruits, vegetables and food items and spices and godowns etc for a nominal rate. Besides segregation of seeds and juice making from pomegranate fruits, value addition to aromatic and Pachouli were available to growers.He offered traders, wholesale dealers, hoteliers, caterers, super bazaars and hostel managers AFP's godown facility, food processing and animals feed units. But farmers present at the event said the current conditions were not conducive for them to take up any offer since agricultural produce itself had been affected. With borewells drying, drought conditions and pest attacks and diseases hitting crops, farmers said the focus had to be on salvaging crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693406", "title": "Mall sealed day after inauguration", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after the grand inauguration of South India shopping mall at Kukatpally, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) on Friday sealed the complex as the mall did not have an occupancy certificate (OC) which is mandatory for any building.GHMC chief city planner G V Raghu said one A V Krishnam Raju and others obtained permission for construction of the commercial building with two cellars and five floors in Plot No.17 to 20 at Kukatpally. As per by-law number 13 of the Municipal Corporation Building Rules 1981, no building can be occupied until an OC is issued by the civic authority. However, the builder has let out the building to South India shopping mall and the building was occupied without getting the same. The mall was inaugurated by Tollywood star Mahesh Babu on Thursday.Officials said the building owner had applied for OC on September 22 but it was rejected as several rules were violated. The road widening portion of 100 feet was not left and an electric transformer was erected on the road. Also, a cellar and sub-cellar were constructed with setback deviation towards the 100 feet road widening portion. The building is still incomplete as per by-law no.13, the chief city planner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lincoln (new zealand)", "code": "16696289", "title": "Abhinav Mukund scores unbeaten 132, match and series ends in draw", "text": "LINCOLN (NEW ZEALAND): Continuing the run feast, skipper Abhinav Mukund smashed an unbeaten century in the second innings as the second unofficial Test between India A and New Zealand ended in a drab draw on Saturday.Mukund, who began the fourth day at his individual score of 56, went on to make an unbeaten 132 to lead his side to 246 for four before declaring their second innings.India A had scored a mammoth 554 for eight declared in their first essay, in reply to which the hosts had declared their innings at 424 for seven.New Zealand A batsmen had faced just three balls in their second innings when the play was called off.The two-Test series thus ended in a draw with no result coming in either of the matches.Mukund began the proceedings on the final day in the company of Anustup Majumdar (32) with his placed at 119 for two.Majumdar added just 24 runs to his overnight total when left-arm spinner George Worker caught him off his own bowling to give side the first of the two wickets that fell in the day.Surya Kumar Yadav (6) joined his skipper in the middle but he was also scalped by Worker when he had the Indian caught by Andy McKay.Mandeep Singh, who had scored a magnificent 193, continued in the same vein and supported Mukund with his unbeaten 14 off 34 balls.Mukund's 132 came off 196 balls with 17 boundaries including one shot over the fence.Brief Scores: India A : 554 for 8 declared and 246 for 4 declared (A Mukund 132 not out; G Worker 399).New Zealand A: 424 for seven declared and 0 for 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16693307", "title": "Railways seeks extra coaches to meet passenger rush at Kumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: North Central Railways (NCR) is busy mobilising resources to make adequate arrangements for the upcoming Kumbh Mela which is expected to attract crores of visitors to the city.The most important arrangement to be made by the railways is that of extra coaches to accommodate the passenger rush, and the NCR authorities estimate that around 800 extra coaches as part of various special trains would be required to bring in visitors to Allahabad.During the mela period, which would stretch for 2 to 3 months, about 750 mela special trains would ply between Allahabad and important cities like Lucknow, Varanasi, Kanpur, Mughalsarai, Patna, New Delhi,Gaya, Jabalpur, and Mumbai.Apart from these, additional coaches would also be required for existing trains to accommodate more passengers during the period.The additional coaches would be particularly useful on January 14's Makar Sakaranti, when major devotee rush for performing dips in the Holy Sangam is expected. The authorities have therefore earmarked about 300 coaches for the day. On another significant bathing day of Mauni Amavasya, there would be a requirement of about 350 coaches.Various long distance trains would also have newly scheduled stoppages at the stations of Allahabad, Vindhyachal, Chheoki, Naini and Etawa during Kumbh. Talking to TOI, chief public relations officer of North Central Railway Sandeep Mathur said the railways is making arrangements for coaches to be used in mela specials during the Kumbh mela period.In addition, Northern Railway and North Eastern Railway would also start mela special trains during the period. We are making concerted coordinated efforts to ensure that pilgrims coming to the Sangam for Kumbh face no problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16693757", "title": "Striking doctors allege corruption", "text": "KANNUR: The doctors at the Sahakarana Hrudayalaya, the cardiac wing of Pariyaram Medical College, have alleged that there was huge corruption in the day-to-day functioning of the hospital.The cardiac surgeons, who are on strike in protest against the slashing of their basic salary, alleged on Friday that the equipment in the hospital were pretty old and that the hospital was selling medicines to patients at more than double the purchasing price.The doctors, led by senior cardiac surgeon Kuldeep Kumar, said the surgical equipment were purchased from a Bangalore-based firm in which the Hrudayala's CEO K V Surendranath had shares. They said this purchase, violating all norms of tender, was done without the knowledge or consent of the doctors at Hrudayalaya.According to them, the CEO was involved in huge corruption to the tune Rs 25 lakh a month while the hospital was said to be running on a monthly loss of nearly Rs 25 lakh. They also said, according to the audit by the accounts wing, the actual loss was around Rs 6 lakh only, which means that every month there was a financial misappropriation of Rs 19 lakh at the hospital, apart from the corruption in purchase.They also pointed out that Surendranath had been removed from the post of CEO during the previous governing body under M V Raghavan on charges of corruption, and the present governing body had brought him back.Meanwhile, Pariyaram Medical College principal Dr B Radhakrishnan said the admission to the MBBS course, including NRI quota, was on merit basis and the entire admission process was transparent.The principal issued this statement following reports that one seat in the NRI quota was given to the daughter of a CPM leader from Thiruvananthapuram, violating norms.At the same time, the hospital governing body, which met here on Friday, decided to seek explanation from the doctors for trying to tarnish the image of the hospital by raising allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16693409", "title": "15 arrested in UK for bid to kill Lt Gen Brar", "text": "LONDON: The British police have arrested 15 people suspected to be directly or indirectly involved in the assassination attempt on Lt Gen (retd) Kuldeep Singh Brar who had led the Indian security forces into the Golden Temple in 1984 to flush out pro-Khalistan militants. Eight of the suspects were detained on Friday; four were picked on Thursday evening; and another three were arrested on suspicion of having facilitated the illegal entry of the conspirators into the UK. All are being questioned in police stations in London.Significantly, while the case was being treated as \"an attempt to murder\", officers of Scotland Yard's counter terrorism command were deployed to carry out the arrests, signalling that the detectives were treating the case as much as one of terrorism as of homicide.A spokesman for London's metropolitan police refused to give details beyond providing the descriptions of the assailants: \"Asian in appearance\" and having \"long beards\". It is widely believed \u2014 and asserted by Brar \u2014 that the attack on him was masterminded by Sikh militants to exact revenge for his leading Operation Bluestar.In the second wave of arrests on Friday, a 42-year-old man was detained on suspicion of assisting an offender and a 38-year-old woman on suspicion of conspiracy to murder at 12.30am in west London.Cops carry out searches across UKThen , at 1am, three men aged 42, 30 and 37 were captured in the London area of Kensington and Chelsea under suspicion of conspiracy to murder.Following that, at 5am, in the nearby Holland Park locality, three men were swooped upon at a residential address. Two of them, aged 32 and 31, were captured on the charge of conspiracy to murder. The other, a 20-year-old , was taken into custody for assisting an offender.Earlier on Thursday, a man, 33, and a woman, 40, were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder at a residential address in Wolverhampton in the west Midlands . Two other men were stopped in a car in greater Birmingham for the same reason.A number of search warrants have also been executed in connection with the investigation . These are being carried out at a residence in Birmingham and two residences in London. Those arrested for facilitating the illegal entry of the conspirators are aged 45, 29 and 28 and were apprehended from a Holland Park address.Lt Gen Brar was attacked by four men near Oxford Street on Sunday night, and the assailants had fled in the direction of Oxford Street. Police are appealing for information , and want to speak to people who helped Brar and his wife, who was uninjured, following the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16692711", "title": "Series of protests, rallies in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Even as the protesters are threatening to disrupt water supply to the city if Mysoreans don't intensify the agitation over the release of Cauvery water, the city witnessed many protests, including a padayatra, and bike rally to KRS dam.The staff attached to the Union government unit BEML too took to the streets, asking the state government to stop the release of water, while some 50 residents of Nazarbad staged a protest in their area but without causing any disturbance to vehicular traffic. They gathered at the corner of Urdu school and raised slogans against the government. Villagers of Naganahalli off Mysore-Bangalore Expressway staged a rasta roko. Kannada activists took out a padayatra from Jagan Mohan Palace premises to KRS dam, which was also the destination for advocates for their bike rally.The members of JD(S) minorities' wing protested at Milad Bagh in Lashkar Mohalla, while students from four colleges boycotted classes and joined the protesters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693524", "title": "L\u2019affaire Brar: Who bungled?", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the blame-game over the security of Lt-Gen (retired ) K S Brar continued on Friday , the defence ministry put the onus of keeping the Centre informed on the Bluestar officer's London trip on the Mumbai Police. The home ministry decided to convene a meeting next week to find out \"what went wrong\" in the process of sensitizing agencies on the Army veteran's travel plans.\"Union home secretary R K Singh will hold the meeting either on Monday or Tuesday. We will find the reason for the communication gap between agencies and take measures to fine-tune procedures, if needed\" , an official said. He said no one had informed home ministry about Brar's travel. Otherwise, the matter would have been taken up with the Indian High Commission in London through the external affairs ministry.Brar \u2014 who escaped an assassination bid by suspected Khalistani militants in London early this week \u2014 gets Army security within the country.The 'review' meeting move comes as the defence ministry maintained that the \"local military authority\" had informed Mumbai Police on August 31 about Brar's London tour from September 6 to October 5. \"We have no role to play when he (Brar) goes abroad except to inform the police. It was Mumbai Police's responsibility to inform the Union home ministry,\" a defence ministry source said.Under a standard drill, the defence ministry provides security within the country to all \"protected\" senior retired Army officers who participated in the 1984 Operation Bluestar. Home ministry reviews security of the protected based on threat perception and informs defence ministry. Brar has 'Z' -category cover. Officials said the home ministry reviewed the security of all protected persons , including Brar's , on June 6 \u2014 Bluestar anniversary \u2014 and decide to continue with the existing cover. Since it's mandatory for protected persons to inform local Army authorities whenever they plan a foreign trip, Brar claims he conveyed his travel plans to military authorities in Mumbai and Pune before departure. But, the information got lost before reaching either home ministry or external affairs ministry.Army sources say when Brar travels within India, he tells the \"Mumbai Sub-Area that informs Military Intelligence, which coordinates with the state and Army units. We play no role when he goes abroad but to inform the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692607", "title": "'Lower courts can ensure fair police probes'", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief Justice Arun Mishra of Rajasthan high court on Friday observed that the lower judiciary was the best placed to ensure that police investigate criminal cases fairly. The chief justice also urged the lower judiciary to strive for conducting speedy trials.Chief Justice Mishra was addressing judicial officers at the inauguration of a three-day judicial conference on administration of criminal justice here on Friday. The conference organised by the Rajasthan high court, the national judicial academy, Bhopal, and the Rajasthan state judicial academy, Jodhpur, was addressed by Supreme Court's former judges C K Thakker and A K Ganguly among others.\"Whether an investigation has been done properly or not by the police can be ensured by the lower courts where the criminal cases are first tried. Lower judiciary is the master of trials,\" the chief justice said. He stressed that just as the police's job was to check crime, the judiciary's task was ensure relief to the victim. \"At the same time, rights of the accused people also need to be safe guarded by the judiciary,\" Chief Justice Mishra noted, as he mentioned on why the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack accused Mohammad Ajmal Amir Kasab was provided a lawyer.Former SC judge Ganguly, too, emphasised on adhering to judicial principles. \"The British could rule on more than half of the world because of their adherence to judicial principles,\" Justice Ganguly said, while recounting that the former imperial power framed laws even to takeover countries as colonies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16693559", "title": "Kochi Metro land demand reaches corporation council", "text": "KOCHI: To complete the reconstruction works of the North railway over-bridge (ROB), Kochi Corporation has approached its council seeking approval to acquire land and evict the encroachers to facilitate the construction of approach roads. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) had submitted a letter to the civic body, asking it to acquire and handover the land adjacent to the existing bus bay near the Town Hall and the petrol bunk at Lisie Junction.DMRC requires a total of 495 square metres to construct approach roads, 325 square metres near the town hall and 170 square metres near Lisie junction. The corporation has informed the council that the town planning committee had already taken a decision to hand over the land near Town Hall.Though DMRC's demand was included in Thursday's council meeting agenda, it was not taken up for discussion as the opposition disrupted the meeting. Earlier, councillors had objected to the idea of providing corporation land for Metro, alleging that the local body took unilateral decisions without consulting the council.DMRC informed that they will complete the North ROB work by the end of October. The agency was expected to complete reconstruction works by October 15.ing on the progress of the preparatory worksA DMRC spokesperson said they would require one -and-a-half hours at night to place steel girders over the railway track. \"We have to get a suitable timeslot to block train services at night. It will be difficult to regulate traffic over North ROB during the day for this purpose,\" he said.On Friday, DMRC principal adviser E Sreedharan , project director P Sriram and other officials inspected the route of Kochi Metro, DMRCs spokesperson termed as a regular visit. The Metro man also evaluated the progress of the preparatory works.It is expected that after Kochi Metro Rail Limited sorts out legal and technical aspects of the project, both agencies would sign a memorandum of understanding that will enable DMRC to begin its work.Kochi: With an aim to complete the reconstruction works of North Railway Overbridge, the Kochi corporation has approached the council seeking approval for acquiring land and evicting encroachers to facilitate construction of approach roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693530", "title": "TJAC defers panel meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Joint Action committee (TJAC) on Friday decided to put off the meeting of its steering committee scheduled for October 7 as TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao is yet to confirm a date for his meeting with the alliance members.The TJAC members feel they would not be able to meet KCR before October 7 and, with convenor M Kodandaram telling TOI that the future course of action could only be decided after consulting TRS, the alliance was left with no choice but to defer the meeting.Indeed, even though Kodandaram had on Friday morning announced that TJAC would launch a fresh agitation on the lines of last year's Sakala Janula Samme, by evening he decided to suspend any announcement on future agitations till his meeting with KCR. \"We'd thought we would launch a fresh agitation, but we are holding back the announcement as it would not be proper on our part to decide on anything without first considering the opinions of all stakeholders. We would come out with a clear plan after meeting TRS leaders,\" said Kodandaram.Meanwhile, TJAC leaders continued their thanksgiving visit to various political parties for the success of the Chalo Hyderabad march. On Friday, they met Telangana Nagara Samithi leaders and also conferred with senior legislator Nagam Janardhan Reddy.Referring to the widening rift between TRS and TJAC, Nagam called upon KCR to work towards strengthening the movement.\"KCR is one of the founders of TJAC and there should not be any communication gap between him and the committee. While hoping the meeting takes place at the earliest, I would appeal to KCR to put in efforts to strengthen the TJAC and guide the agitators so that they put up a united stand,\" he said.Meanwhile, the government employees' joint action committee met chief secretary Minnie Mathew and appealed to her for the withdrawal of cases filed against them for having taken part in the Telangana rally held on September 30 on Necklace Road. Members of the Telangana treasury employees' union laid siege to the residences of LB Nagar MLA Sudhir Reddy and Ibrahimpatnam MLA Manchareddy Kishan Reddy. The agitators' grouse was that the legislator-duo had not participated in the march despite being invited to join the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16693458", "title": "No electronic barriers yet for green tax", "text": "SHIMLA: Even 20 days after implementation of green fee, which is being levied by Shimla municipal corporation (SMC) on non-HP vehicles entering the city, the firm collecting the fee has failed to install electronic barriers.The civic body had asked the firm to set up electronic barriers after fee collection started, to ensure smooth flow of traffic at the four barriers. SMC assistant commissioner Ashish Kohli said, \"We has asked the firm to set up computerized barriers at the four entry points at Taradevi, Tutu, Mehli and Dhalli, which would ensure smooth traffic flow.\"The Taradevi point witnesses 90% of the incoming traffic and the frequency of vehicles, according to a survey, at the point is one vehicle per 30 seconds. \"Though three separate lanes have been created at Taradevi for vehicles from both the sides, the manual process of fee collection is still resulting in gridlocks, especially on weekends when tourists from neighboring areas flock Shimla in large numbers,\" said a daily commuter from Shoghi, Ankit Kumar. The company had earlier claimed its electronic equipment got buried when the building in which it was kept collapsed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692501", "title": "BJP backs grey water recycling project", "text": "PUNE: The BJP has demanded that the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) should give a serious thought to implementation of grey water recycling and immediately check viability of the project.In a demand submitted to the municipal commissioner, senior BJP leader and party's state executive member, Anil Shirole, has said that the PMC should estimate the expenditure required for grey water recycling to check its viability.\"Along with grey water recycling the PMC should also concentrate on underground water enhancement and biogas generation from sewage treatment. The PMC should have a collaborative view on this matter,\" said Shirole.Grey water recycling, that resonates with civic activists and some elected representatives, may find a place in the new Development Plan (DP) as Congress corporator Aba Bagul and Sudhir Janjyot have submitted a proposal in this regard.Grey water comes from kitchen sinks, showers and washing machines. Between 50% and 80% of household water that goes down the drain could be reused to flush toilets or water outdoor landscaping and for irrigation, experts said.Congress corporator Aba Bagul said that if housing societies are able to treat grey water, they will not face any water shortage, thus reducing the water bill. The recycled water could be used for flushing and gardening purposes.\"All political parties should support the proposal as it will help the city to overcome water crisis,\" said Bagul.\"The PMC has divided the city into 23 basins to lay and connect storm water drain pipelines. The central government is funding the project. The storm water drains are used only in the monsoon and otherwise remain dry. The PMC should lay separate pipelines in housing societies to collect grey water and connect these lines to storm water drainsThis water should be treated if necessary and released in the river or canal for irrigation purpose. The treatment will not cost much compared to the sewage treatment and agriculture, too, will get good quality water ,\" states the proposal.The proposal will be discussed in the City Improvement Committee (CIC) and then forwarded to the General Body meeting for final incorporation in the DP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691214", "title": "School apologizes for beating 4-year-old", "text": "NAGPUR: The management of St John's High School has reached a compromise with the parents of the four-year-old who had been allegedly beaten up by two teachers on Wednesday.However, this compromise has not convinced the parents that KG1 student Imad Patel won't be subjected to physical or mental torture in the future.City cops had mediated between the school and the child's father Naushad. The school had guaranteed that such an incident shall not been repeated.Speaking to TOI, Naushad, said, \"On Saturday I will got to the school and take a transfer certificate (TC). There is another school near my house. I will admit Imad there. My concern is that the school will somehow avenge its embarrassment in the future and jeopardize my child's future.\"Naushad had earlier agreed to keep Imad in the same school after Sadar police officials brokered peace with the school. A Sadar police official, said, \"The principal of the school was summoned along with the parents so that everything could be discussed openly. The school accepted that Imad was beaten with a wooden cane and apologized to the parents. The Patel family has accepted the apology and now wants to put the entire episode behind them.\"\"The school tendered an apology and said they had become frustrated due to some academic issue with our child. We have decided not to proceed ahead with the police case as it will not bring anything worthwhile for us,\" said Naushad. School officials remained unavailable for comment.TOI had reported on Friday that the parents had filed a non-cognizable complaint at the Sadar police station after their child complained of abuse by teachers. Naushad, said, \"My son was having some problem with his homework and for that the teachers beat him up.\"City psychiatrist Dr Kausar Abbasi feels it will take up some time before Imad recovers from the trauma. \"Caning a child so young is unacceptable and currently, Imad will find it difficult to come out of the incident. It will happen eventually and every adult around him needs to know to forgive and forget the episode and move ahead,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693876", "title": "Non-interlocking work at Jhansi station to affect rail movement", "text": "LUCKNOW: The movement of several trains will be affected due to non-interlocking work at Jhansi station on North Central Railway from October 14 to 18. The stoppage of Mail/Express trains at Jhansi will be for five minutes only during the period. Besides, several trains will be cancelled/partially cancelled/diverted in the given period.Trains that will remain cancelled are 51813 Jhansi-Lucknow Passenger, 51815/51816 Jhansi-Agra Cantt Passenger, 51812/51811 Jhansi-Bina passenger, 54157/54158 Jhansi-Kanpur Passenger, 54159/54160 Jhansi-Banda Passenger, and 51831/51832 Jhansi-Agra Cantt Passenger. The trains will also be partially cancelled. Train number 51814 Lucknow-Jhansi Passenger will be short terminated at Kanpur on October 13 and remain partially cancelled between Kanpur-Jhansi on the day. Few other passenger trains will also remain partially cancelled.Besides, trains, which will be diverted are 11123/11124 Gwalior-Barauni Mail, 11069/11070 Lokmanya Tilak (T)-Allahabad Jn. Tulsi Express, 12175/12176 Gwalior-Howrah Chambal Express and 12178 Mathura-Howrah Chambal Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692175", "title": "Class 11 girl tries suicide after she is accused of theft", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class 11 student at Elephant Gate has been hospitalised after she attempted suicide, unable to bear the shame of being caught for stealing and being accused of another theft she said she never did.She consumed toilet cleaner on Thursday to end her life after returning the gold chain which she had stolen from a businessman's house where her mother was employed as a maid. She was taken to a private hospital for treatment where her condition is said to be out of danger.The girl accompanied her mother, a maid, to the house of Vikram, a businessman at Elephant Gate, to help in household chores. Since her mother was unwell on Monday, she went alone to finish the work and returned home.Meanwhile the family complained that a five-sovereign gold chain was missing from the house on the same day the girl had visited them. The house owner who grew suspicious asked her mother about the jewellery. He also asked the girl to return the gold jewellery if she had taken it and said that he would not complain to the police.Following this, the girl returned the chain and apologised on Tuesday.The family members then said they had lost another gold chain and 15,000 two weeks ago. When the family questioned her about the previous theft, she denied having any knowledge about it. But the family kept asking her to return the jewellery. A little later she went home and consumed phenol to end her life. The panic-stricken family members rushed her to a private hospital.On Thursday evening, the girl's father lodged a complaint against the businessman for harassing his daughter. He alleged that the family's behaviour forced the girl to resort to the extreme step. The girl's relative and locals staged a road roko on Wall Tax Road demanding action against the businessman.Based on his complaint, Elephant Gate police registered a case under IPC Section 342 (wrongful confinement) and 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation). The businessman and his wife have applied for anticipatory bail, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691279", "title": "Ex-Indira Gandhi Government Medical College dean faces charge of doctoring date of birth", "text": "NAGPUR: A discrepancy has been noticed in the date of birth of Yavatmal medical college dean Dr AP Dongre, who was earlier dean of Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC). The directorate of medical education and research (DMER) recently conducted an inquiry into the change in the date in the 'service book' of Dr Dongre, where the date was changed from November 27, 1952 to 1953.The DMER team was in the city last week to visit IGGMC and the Yavatmal College. It recorded Dr Dongre's statement and is learnt to have already submitted a report to the state government. Yet, DMER director Dr Pravin Shingare told TOI that he had not seen the inquiry report himself since DMER joint director Dr N Ambore was the inquiry officer. \"I cannot comment on a report which I have not seen myself,\" he said.DMER conducted the inquiry based on a written complaint by an employee of the Yavatmal college.Interestingly, three different documents (two available with TOI) obtained by a citizen under RTI have three different dates of birth for Dr Dongre. The school leaving certificate from Mecosabagh Methodist High School in Nagpur says his date of birth is November 27, 1952. Sources in DMER and Yavatmal college say that his service book, as per the complaint filed by an employee, shows a change (overwriting and rewriting) to November 27, 1953, with verification stamp of IGGMC on the left side in 1990.However, a declaration by Dr Dongre in June 2010 at IGGMC to the Medical Council of India (MCI) clearly shows the birth date as per his PAN card, submitted by him as ID proof, as November 27, 1954.Speaking to TOI, Dr Dongre denied having made any changes in the service book himself. \"I have not made any such change myself nor am aware of this change. Had I been aware of it, I would have complained. My correct date of birth is surely the one mentioned in my school leaving certificate. I am aware I should retire in 2014, when I will be 62 years,\" said Dr Dongre.However, he could not explain the entry in the declaration form. \"May be the clerks filled the form wrong during the MCI inspection at IGGMC, since they filled the form and I signed it without actually verifying it,\" he said.However, the clerk would not write a new date on his own. He must have taken the date from the PAN card, which was made using the wrong documents. \"It is unbelievable that a person of his stature signs an important document without reading it,\" said a senior teacher at IGGMC.The positive aspect in favour of Dr Dongre is that he is not directly responsible for any changes made without his knowledge in his service book. But no one else would be interested in changing his date of birth. There is a possibility that the clerks or administrative officers who changed his date of birth on their own or on his request will be nailed in the inquiry.Sources and experts say the every employee's service book, including the dean's, is kept safe in the administrative section of the college. There are two service books, with the original at the college while a copy remains with the employee himself.\"The date of birth and seniority list of an employee is always mentioned on the first page of the book, which never changes. How can someone miss any change on the first page of the book? There is something fishy. Three different documents can't have three different dates,\" said a senior DMER staff.Also, as per the Maharashtra government service rules, an individual is allowed to make changes in date of birth within five years of taking up the job only. After that, the government does not accept any change in date of birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16692177", "title": "Vanya shooting case: Guard surrenders", "text": "GURGAON: The private security guard accused of shooting at a five-year-old girl on the premises of Trinity Towers in DLF Phase V surrendered in a Gurgaon city court on Friday, 45 days after the incident. The city police took the guard, Rahul Kumar, on four days' remand. Meanwhile, the girl, Vanya, was out of hospital about a week ago. According to police, the guard's application for bail was rejected by the court on Friday. Police did not disclose details aboutr the guard's surreneder and the reasons behind his haven the cops the slip for so many days. A source said that he was hiding somewhere near the border between Delhi and Uttar Pradesh. \"After the accused guard's bail plea was rejected, we took him on four days' police remand and will interrogate him to get all the facts pertaining to the incident,\" Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (East), told TOI. The condition of Vanya was critical although she has now been brought home from the hospital after undergoing treatment. The victim is a student of Shri Ram School and had undergone treatment at the Medanta hospital. Her relatives had raised the question as to how the guard had acquired a gun licence from a place he was not a native of. They asked how the security agency had recruited him without checking his details. Vanya's relatives said she was far from well although she was discharged from hospital. \"She was discharged after being in the ICU and in the ward of the hospital for 38 days. She often runs fever and has not recovered completely,\" Himanshu Chawla, Vanya's uncle, told TOI. He added that the bullet had pierced her lower abdomen. Vanya was shot just outside her house in Gurgaon's upmarket DLF Trinity Apartments on August 20 night. Vanya's family alleges that she was shot with the double-barrel gun of the security guard who fled after the incident. Two police teams had gone to Bihar to arrest him but returned empty-handed. An FIR was lodged on the basis of the statement of Himanshu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16692714", "title": "Students get Epic cards at their college", "text": "MYSORE: The guidelines of Election Commission of India to ensure Epic cards to all those above 18 years is being adhered to in letter and spirit. The students of SBRR Mahajana's First Grade College have become the beneficiaries of the initiative of receiving voter ID cards at the college.DC P S Vastrad, who is also the district election officer, said that they have taken up the initiative to help students get the ID cards without missing their classes. They were given Form 6 some five months ago. District election commission officers visited the college and received the filled-in forms.An officer from district election commission said that they have received about 500 forms. Of which, 350 were selected as other forms are from students of other districts. \"We have sent those forms to the respective district election commission office for scrutiny,\" he added.Those 350 students received the voter IDs distributed by the Election Commission of India in association with the district administration, at the college. Final year BBM student Komal Goyal, who was happy on receiving her Epic card, heaped praise on the \"good initiative\". \"I would not have got my card early, had not they come to my college,\" Komal said.English professor Indrani M R, appreciating the work of the Election Commission, said it is a rare opportunity for a student to receive Epic cards at the doorstep. Hope other colleges too benefit from this, she added.District election commission has also distributed Form 6 to different colleges in the city to ensure voter IDs to all those who are majors. \"If the colleges distribute those forms to students, we are ready to collect the filled ones and issue Epic cards to students,\" an officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16692922", "title": "Cops find it tough to pin down foreign criminals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the recent past, crimes like drug pedalling, online lottery fraud and duping of city residents of their hard-earned money on the pretext of sending them abroad, involving Nigerians have come to light. Though police have managed to arrest the foreign nationals but they could not get much out of the interrogation as the accused proved tough nuts to crack.In a recent case where a Nigerian Daniel Ebera, 38, was arrested on Tuesday with contraband, police could not extract much information during the interrogation. The accused gave wrong addresses and email IDs to police and most of the time dodged police questions. Police suspect that he is a member of a big gang of drug peddlers, involving five more Nigerians, and they have connections in different parts of Chandigarh, Delhi and Amritsar.\"This Nigerian accused is very sharp; he is dodging police in one or the other way and not cooperating with us. Most of the time he remains quiet and when we try to question him sternly he starts crying and shouting while saying 'I am in pain', 'call my lawyer',\" sub-inspector Sarita Rai told TOI. She added, \"Initially, he gave his Delhi address but that turned out to be fake. He was using two cellphone numbers but they were also obtained from a Delhi vendor on the basis of forged documents. He is part of a big gang and we are scrutinizing his call details to unearth this nexus.\"Ebera was arrested with 19gm cocaine worth around Rs 35 lakh in the international market. Police sources said there are five more Nigerians in his gang. He was arrested from near the ISBT and is currently in police remand.During the interrogation, Ebera told police that he had taken the consignment from another Nigerian man, Mike, from Delhi and was taking it to deliver to a drug peddler in Amritsar. He claimed that he was just a messenger who got Rs 20,000 for the job. Ebera told police that he was running a garments business in Delhi, but failed to show any supporting visa documents to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16693601", "title": "There\u2019s a thief on the side berth", "text": "CHENNAI: He is a well-dressed man who always books his train tickets three months in advance. He never gets down from the coach at stations and always prefers a side berth. He always travels by an overnight train with a travel time of at least 15 hours. When he gets back home, he would have stolen ornaments, cash and electronic goods from fellow travellers.Indian Railways is waking up to a new breed of thieves who are indistinguishable from the average passenger. They detect people who are sleep-deprived , measure the average duration of sleeping time of their preys and strike in the wee hours. On board security guards, complaint cells and special alert numbers have not been of much use when it comes to preventing such thefts.Out of the 264 cases registered with the railway police since January 2012, 183 relate to baggage theft. The Government Railway Police (GRP) in Tamil Nadu register an average of 300 cases every year. Police officers say these thieves on trains are getting hard to catch. \"Having taken a side berth which allows them a panoramic vision of the coach, they observe passengers keenly throughout the journey,\" the officer said. \"Some seem to be able to measure the possible duration of a passenger's sleep. When they find the right moment, they take the targeted baggage and steal items and place the bag back in the original place,\" said the officer.Trains from Kerala, Tirunelveli, Nagercoil, Bangalore and Hyderabad are often targeted, and police have indications that some of these thieves are from Trichy and Salem. Investigations have also found some 'professional' thieves from the northern states.R Sekar, additional director general of GRP, said the force has increased the number of police personnel on board. \"If you go by the number of cases, thefts have come down in the last four years. At least three sub-inspectors are being deployed on every express train, besides police personnel at stations,\" he said.But passengers like C George of Avadi are not convinced. George lost 41 sovereigns of gold on Alleppey Express eight months ago. \"We realised the theft only after we reached home,\" said George. His case is pending.Investigators normally trace culprits by studying final passenger charts of trains and route, and trace the suspected passengers if they are frequent travellers on the reported crime dates. But these thieves travel under different names. In several cases, lady passengers who travel from the southern districts of Tamil Nadu and Kerala are soft targets, as many of them carry gold. Police said some of the thieves carry handheld scanner devices to detect gold inside baggage.Passengers can call GRP helpline 9662500500 or the Railway Protection Force (RPF) helpline 900316170.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692731", "title": "Six held in fake pensioners' diary scam", "text": "JAIPUR: The anti-corruption bureau has arrested six employees of the Rajasthan Upbhokta Sahkari Sangh and three representatives of an NGO in connection with the fake medical pensioners' diaries scam.According to additional SP Hardayal Singh, who is investigating the case, eight FIRs had been registered in connection with the scam in which fake pensioners' diaries were used to get medicines from the cooperative stores and the payment for these medicines were made from the state coffers.An ACB team had raided a medicine shop at the community health center in Bassi on Thursday night and recovered some fake medical pensioners' diaries.Immediately after the raid, the team arrested six employees of Rajasthan Upbhokta Sahkari Sangh including Sudhir Jain, Ashok Choudhary, Gayatri Ojha, Brijgopal, Mukesh Saxena and Bhagwat Singh. Three others - Lokesh Saini, Mukesh Singh and Neeraj Dadeech - who are representatives of an NGO were also arrested.\"Raids are being conducted at places belonging to these persons. They have been booked under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. Interrogation with them is going on,\" Singh said.IG, ACB, Umesh Mishra said investigation into the scam is going on for about two years. \"During investigation, the nexus between staff of the pension department and the Upbhokta Sahkari Sangh in preparing fake dairies in connivance with some outside gangs has been found,\" Mishra said.It was found that the persons in whose name these diaries were issued had never been state government employees. Some dairies did not even have the photo of the retired employee.The high court had earlier expressed its displeasure at slow pace of investigation by in probing the case of hundreds of fake medical diaries of pensioners recovered two years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16693485", "title": "Vizag Agency may lose tribal varsity", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The much-touted tribal university will not be coming up after all in Vizag Agency's Chintapalli. With intelligence agencies and state police expressing serious apprehensions that the varsity could prove to be a hotbed for recruitment of cadre for the Maoist party and its frontal organisations, the Centre has dropped its plans to go ahead with the project.It is learnt from reliable sources that the central government has now started scouting for land in Vizianagaram district for the new university. Highly-placed sources told TOI that the home department had ruled out Chintapalli, a Maoist stronghold, for the proposed university, noting in a recent report that it would only help revive naxalite movement in the area. Sources said that the Union minister for tribal welfare, Kishore Chandra Deo, was sounded out about alternative sites in Vizianagaram following the intelligence agencies' red flagging of Chintapalli, which falls in his Araku parliamentary constituency.Viziangaram district authorities have already swung into action for identifying the land for the proposed varsity.\"We have the required land in the district and are preparing a feasibility report for the proposed tribal university,\" Parvathipuram Integrated Tribal Development Authority (ITDA) project officer, BR Ambedkar, told TOI.Enquiries made about the land donated some time back by the erstwhile Vizianagaram kings have revealed that the roughly 200 acre plot donated by the rajahs at Musuri village in Pachipenta mandal has been encroached upon, forcing the government to look for likely sites at Adarigedda village in Makkuva mandal where up to 400 acres may be made available for the university.But sources said that even this plan could hit a roadblock. \"Makkuva mandal was a naxal-infested area and there are traces of militant presence in the region. The government should weigh the pros and cons before finalising the location for the new university,\" said Adivasi Samkshema Parishad leader S Venkata Ramana.The proposal has been mired in problems right from the time it was mooted with leaders of various parties in Telangana and coastal Andhra competing amongst themselves to have the university come up in their area. Apart from Chintapalli, Charla in Bhadrachalam division in Khammam district and Musuri in Vizianagaram were also considered.The Khammam administration had two years back identified 250 acres at Charla for the university with pro-Telangana leaders insisting that the district should be the automatic choice for the proposed university since it had the highest tribal population of more than 6.6 lakhs in the state. But Charla, too, lost out as it had been a maoist stronghold area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16692671", "title": "Court to read out charges against Maderna, Bishnoi", "text": "JODHPUR: The court, in the case of ANM Bhanwari Devi's murder, is waiting for the two main accused, Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi to appear on October 15 so that it can read out charges against them. Both had not appeared in the court on Thursday as Maderna is out of jail till Saturday and Malkhan had to undergo a minor surgery in Jaipur. The court framed charges on 16 accused in the case while gave bail to two of them on Thursday.Senior special counsel of CBI, Ashok Joshi said, \"Now since the court has framed charges in its 117-page long order, the arguments on these charges will begin in which we will prove them by producing evidences.\" He claimed that CBI has adequate ground to prove charges against all the 14 accused, which include Maderna, Malkhan, Amarchand, Sahi Ram, Sohan Lal, Shahabuddin, Balia, Pukhraj, Dinesh, Bishna Ram, Kailash Jakhar, Ashok, Reshma Ram and Umesha Ram.If the CBI succeeds in proving these charges none of them will escape 120 B and 364 of the IPC, thereby, the minimum sentence one will attract will be the life imprisonment. Section 120 B means criminal conspiracy and section 364 means abduction with an intention to murder.But according to the defence the CBI will find it very difficult to prove these charges in the court as according to them, the charges are based on mere circumstantial evidences. \"As far as the disposal of Bhanwari's body is concerned, they may have some concrete evidences but as far as proving the role of some accused in hatching the conspiracy and executing it is concerned, it will find tough resistance from the defence side\", said a defence counsel.On the other side, discharging of Paras Ram Bishnoi from all the charges and slapping him with a milder one 202 of IPC has not affected the morale of the CBI. Joshi said, \"We are not bothered and are focusing on the remaining 14 accused, who have an active role in the crime. He said that if the court retains charges against them according to the chargesheet, it means that they have succeeded in proving their role and guilt.The court had bailed out Paras Ram on Thursday. His counsel Sunil Joshi said that his discharging can be considered as a big relief for him. \"Even if he is convicted under section 202, the maximum sentence is 6 months and he already has served 10 months in the jail, a surplus of 4 months\", said an upbeat Joshi.When asked about Indra Bishnoi, Joshi said that charges could not be framed against her by the court as she is still absconding. \"But the moment, she is traced, the same process will be carried out against her also\", Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691336", "title": "Plea to remove Sitabuldi encroachments dismissed", "text": "NAGPUR: The high court dismissed a plea by the Sitabuldi residents seeking action against the encroachments on the footpath in the busy market area, especially around Regal talkies.The residents had filed a letter before the court highlighting the issue. The court then took cognisance of the letter and treated it as public interest litigation (PIL). The PIL was listed for hearing on Friday before a division bench comprising Justices Pratap Hardas and Ashok Bhangale. However, it was dismissed as petitioners - Chandrakant Jumle and others - failed to appear as directed during the last hearing. Interestingly, some petitioners turned up but they told the court that the signatures on the letter were not theirs. The court then dismissed the plea on this ground.The petitioners, all residents of Ward No. 80, informed in their letter posted on January 10 last year, that the footpath meant for pedestrians in front of Regal gate has been encroached by goggle and belt sellers. They alleged that the police, NMC officials, traffic cops and even the local corporators are hand in glove with them.They stated that these footpaths were made for the pedestrians in 2001 during T Chandrashekhar's tenure but the encroachers from Variety Square to Loha Pul have grabbed it completely and have set up shops and placed generators or mannequins on them. They had sought removal of encroachments from the entire area for the convenience of visitors and those in the nearby residences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691193", "title": "Baromas at New York film fest", "text": "NAGPUR: Baromas, a Hindi feature film based on agrarian issues of Vidarbha has been selected for 2012 South Asian International Film Festival to be held in New York from October 24 to 30. STIFF 2012 will feature dynamic and visionary cinema from an international network of South Asian filmmakers.Pallippuram Sajith, producer of the movie said: \"We have been informed by the organizers of SAIFF that the American premiere of our movie is slated for Oct 28. We will use this opportunity to bring the issues of the Indian farmer to the attention of the Indian diaspora.\" Sajith is from Kerala and backed this project based on Sahitya Akademi award winning Marathi novel by the same name by Sadanand Deshmukh of Buldhana in Vidarbha.Depicting the stories of farmers, their miseries and rare joys, the movie is directed by Dhiraj Meshram, an assistant professor of Film &amp; Television Institute of India, Pune. Meshram, who is from Amravati, was raised in the lap of Vidarbha and identifies with the story and the characters. The movie has been doing the rounds in film festivals and previews organized in Mumbai and Nagpur. The screening in Nagpur saw an eclectic mix of audiences including playwrights, artists, movie fans, social leaders, farmers, housewives and students.Actor Nasseruddin Shah said it reminded him of Manthan, a film made by Shyam Benegal. \"An honest film made from the heart with some of the finest acting seen in recent times,\" says Shah. Others have called Baromas a return to the days when films like 'Do Bigha Zameen' took viewers to the soul of rural life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16693533", "title": "Flight cancellations were beyond control: Air India", "text": "KOCHI: Cancellation of Air India Express flights in September was due to reasons beyond the control of the management, Air India submitted to the Kerala high court on Friday.Responding to a petition that challenged frequent cancellation of flights as well as demanded provision for alternative arrangements, Air India filed a seemingly brief affidavit, which, however, did not state the exact reason for the cancellations.Air India Express operates 50 flights from Calicut and 17 flights from Thiruvananthapuram and 28 flights from Cochin to Middle East every week. However, between September 17 and 28, due to reasons beyond the control of the management of Air India Express, 11 flights from Calicut, six from Thiruvananthapuram, and one from Cochin had to be cancelled, the affidavit stated.Further, Air India pointed out that upon cancellation, passengers were given alternative flights as well as hotel accommodation and surface transportation or rebooking tickets for another date without any additional charge or full refund. No individual passenger raised a complaint in this regard, the affidavit said.The petition filed by Centre for Non Resident Indians and Returnees through advocate Sivan Madathil had alleged that though passengers book their tickets well in advance, it has become a practice with Air India to cancel flights without any advance notification or valid reason.Taking advantage of this, private airline operators increase fares all of a sudden. Frequent cancellation is aimed at creating the impression that Air India Express is a failure and is intended to help private airline operators, the petitioner had alleged.Cancellation of Air India Express flights in September was due to reasons beyond the control of the management, Air India submitted to the Kerala High Court on Friday.Responding to a petition that challenged frequent cancellation of flights as well as demanded provision of alternate arrangements, Air India filed a seemingly brief affidavit, which, however, didn't state the exact reason for the cancellations.Air India Express is operating 50 flights from Calicut and 17 flights from Trivandrum and 28 flights from Cochin to Middle East every week. However, during the period from 17th to 28th September due to the reasons beyond the control of the management of Air India Express, 11 flights from Calicut, 6 from Trivandrum, one from Cochin had to be cancelled, the affidavit stated.Further, Air India has pointed out that upon cancellation of flights, passengers were given alternate flights to their destinations including hotel accommodation and surface transportation, or rebooking the tickets for another date without any additional charge, or full refund. No individual passenger has raised a complaint in this regard, the affidavit said.The petition filed by Centre for Non Resident Indians and Returnees through advocate Sivan Madathil had alleged that though passengers have booked their tickets well in advance, it has become a practice with Air India to cancel flights without any advance information or valid reason.Taking advantage of the frequent cancellation of flights by Air India, private airline operators increase fares all of a sudden. Frequent cancellation of flights by Air India is aimed at creating the impression that Air India Express, the low cost operation by Air India, is a failure and is intended to help private airline operators, the petitioner had alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693511", "title": "Home advantage helps local supermarkets grow", "text": "HYDERABAD: At a time when going global is what every organisation is striving to do, being local seems to be the biggest advantage for city-based supermarket chains which have expanded rapidly over the last few years even as some nationwide chains have had to relocate if not shut down stores in the same period. With new outlets coming up across the city, officials at these local supermarkets say that a thorough understanding of store-location and customer needs was key to a flourishing business.In the last five years, chains like Ratnadeep, Vijetha and Ghanshyam have kept on adding more outlets to ensure their presence across localities. While Ratnadeep and Vijetha went from three and four stores, respectively, in the city in 2008 to a current 13 and 17 outlets, chains like Ghanshyam, Ushodaya and Ayyans Mart, too, are on an expansion drive.On the other hand, bigger national chains like Spencer's, Food World, Food Bazaar and More have closed down or relocated some of their stores. Among these are the Food World at Vikrampuri, Food Bazaar in City Centre and Marredpally, a Spencer's in Sainikpuri and the More supermarkets in AS Rao Nagar and Banjara Hills.In many areas, where these bigger players have had to shut shop, now stand their replacements in a local store and doing brisk business too.Jagan Mohan, managing director of Vijetha, said, \"When we opened our first store in 1999, at Chandanagar, there was a Food World nearby, but that closed down in 2004. We understand consumer needs and know the exact locations where a supermarket will be most accessible to the public. Many of the nationwide chains end up choosing the wrong location.\"This mantra seems to have worked as Vijetha went from a turnover of around Rs 35 crore five years back to Rs 100 crore last year. The projected turnover this year is being pegged at Rs 160 crore.Another store that has benefited from the knowledge of locations in the city is Ratnadeep. Officials from the store said that they had paid around Rs 7.7 lakh for a location in Madhapur in 2008 which was considered overpriced by competitors at the time. But ask Sandeep Agarwal, managing director of Ratnadeep, and he feels that the decision was completely justified.\"We are currently making more than double the investment we had put into that store. Our competitors will now have to pay much more for a store in this area. And, since we have been here longer, people from the locality identify with us more.\"Retail real estate observers in the city said that more often than not, national brands tend to compromise on the location which likely results in lower visibility and discourages customers since none wants to go through a lot of trouble to visit a store. Experts add that, many times, officials from other cities end up paying a higher price for the location as they are unaware of the correct rate, which also significantly influences their profit margin.Meanwhile, the bigger chains are now concentrating on hypermarkets and superstores, gradually bowing out of the smaller store segment. Analysing the move, Siddharth S Singh, associate professor of marketing at ISB, said, \"Localised decision-making, which enables quick reactions to changes in trends and consumer needs, is definitely an advantage for the stores here. But in future, the bigger stores, too, will create a niche for themselves, catering to only a specific target group like those staying in high-end residential complexes.\"Capital marketsRatnadeep- Turnover of around Rs 30 crore in 2008, Rs 125 crore last year and projecting Rs 200 crore this year with a total of 13 stores in the city. More stores set to come up in the city soon with plans to expand to other cities in the next financial yearVijetha- Turnover of around Rs 40 crore in 2008, Rs 100 crore last year and projecting Rs 160 crore this year with a total of 17 stores in the city and three in Visakhapatnam. Around four stores in the pipeline and plans to expand to Vijaywada, Guntur, Bangalore and PuneGhanshyam- Turnover of around Rs 10 crore five years back has nearly doubled now. Currently with three stores in the city and coming up with a large supermarket in Kondapur. Store in Vikrampuri replaced Food World.Ayyans Mart- Established first store in Sainikpuri in 2010 with turnover of Rs 2.25 crore; current turnover Rs 6 crore. New stores coming up at Malakjgiri, Kukatpally and Dilsukhnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "16691837", "title": "MP high court issues warrant against principal secretary health", "text": "JABALPUR: Taking a serious note of bureaucratic apathy, the MP high court at Jabalpur has issued a warrant against principal secretary health Praveer Krishna and demanded his personal appearance. The order passed by Justice Rajendra Menon follows non compliance of a contempt notice issued six months ago relating to non payments of dues and retirement benefits to the widow of a former health functionary.In 2007 a former drug inspector O P Sonar had approached the court to challenge the compulsory retirement imposed on him as a punitive measure. Sonar died during the pendency of the proceedings and his wife Usha was substituted in his place. She pressed for the dues and post retirement entitlements of the deceased.On December 2011, the court directed the state government to pay off all dues to Usha Sonkar and report compliance within three months.Her several representations to the senior health officials, yielded no response and finally in last April, she approached the court for intervention.As per the order passed on October 4,the principal secretary, health has been directed to appear before the court on November 7 and explain the default.Meanwhile justice Menon has also issued a show cause notice to the panchayat secretary and ordered his appearance on October 30 to explain the reason for inability to appear before the court despite repeated summons in a matter pertaining to the appointment and selection of junior panchayat employees.The petition was filed by one Rajesh Chandrvanshi , a Seoni resident . The petitioner had challenged the state government order passed on July 13 2007 which he pleaded, had resulted in major changes in the appointment of the employees .However despite a stay order in his favour and repeated summons to the panchayat secretary to explain the issue , the department failed to respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693457", "title": "The Gulf beckons once again", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a lull in luring expatriates, the Middle East has re-emerged as the preferred destination of many young professionals looking for greener pastures. In a significant departure from the conventional approach, these white collar workers have no intention of making the Gulf their new home as they maintain that a two to five year work experience in a different market adds weight to their curriculum vitae and the experience gained enables them to get a six figure salary in India. Surprisingly, religiosity too is cited as one of the key reasons for shifting base to the Middle East.Take for instance 28-year-old Arif Shareef. Till about a month ago, Shareef worked as a senior account manager in a reputed MNC in the Hi-Tec City for six years earning around Rs 45,000 per month. After being offered more than three times his current pay package for a similar job profile in the same company in the UAE, Khan left immediately. \"I intend to work in this company for three to five years and gain solid experience in at least two other job roles. I work with people from 36 different nationalities. Needless to say, the experience is diverse and enriching,\" he said.Observers and professionals indicated that the lull in migration of white collar workers to the Gulf was a result of a plethora of job opportunities available in many companies in Hi-Tec City. With the pace of growth in the IT and ITeS sectors slowing down, many are eyeing Gulf Cooperation Council countries such as Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and Qatar. Bheem Reddy from the Migrants Rights Council said, \"Unlike the migrants in the 70's, 80's and 90's who lived in the Middle East for decades, the new set of expatriates know that they will return to their country soon, which is why they are more focused and goal oriented. They have started investing in properties and small start-up business ventures. According to the ministry of overseas Indian affairs, there are 5 million Indians living in the Gulf.\"In another instance Muzammil Hussain, a 29-year old freelance content developer, responded to an advertisement seeking a human resource manager. Three rounds of interviews later, Hussain finds himself packing for Riyadh in Saudi Arabia to work for one of its most prestigious infrastructure companies. \"I was hired as a senior human resource manager. The pay scales are much higher than those offered by Indian companies. I intend to pump funds into my start-up content developing firm as soon as I get my first pay cheque.\"Working at Gachibowli, Wajeeh Khan went searching for greener pastures in Saudi Arabia on a tourist visa also known as Azad visa. After a six month job hunt, he found himself working for a corporate hospital as a project coordinator. \"I was working as an agent at Computer Associates in Gachibowli. Due to the limited growth opportunities I chose to leave for Jeddah. Now my earnings have doubled.\"Interestingly, religiosity too figured as one of the reasons for moving to the Middle East. K Naga Bharathi, manager services, Overseas manpower Company Andhra Pradesh (Omcap) said, \"Many with short term goals choose the GCC countries, especially Saudi Arabia, because they offer them a chance to discharge their religious duties along with providing them with career growth. While the unskilled and semi-skilled workers have always been leaving for the GCC countries, the number of professionals leaving for the Middle East has increased recently.About 70,000 people from the state alone leave for the Gulf every year. There are a plethora of opportunities in Qatar due to heavy construction activity being taken up as the country is going to host the 2022 Football World Cup.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693907", "title": "Reader connect: E-books entice Lucknow's book lovers", "text": "LUCKNOW: From astrology to biology and from chemistry to palmistry, e-books and web-based applications made their scintillating debut in the 10th National Book Fair.Designed and developed to help children learn concepts in a more meaningful manner, Hyderabad-based publishing house IDaa Learning has launched course based e-books. \"E-books help kids in exploring their creativity, nurture their brains besides emphasising on the concept. It is also a fun learning experience unlike reading a book where a child gets bored,\" says Kaushal Tiwari, business development manager, IDaa.The store offers course e-books in mathematics, science and environmental studies for class I to VIII. The books are based on CBSE syllabus. Every lesson in these e-books begins with an introduction followed by objectives before starting the actual chapter. The e-content includes quiz, picture gallery, glossary, and puzzles, which help children learn better and faster. \"Our target is to distribute e-books in schools, so that students enjoy studying and not take it as a burden,\" said Kaushal. Each e-book is priced between Rs 400 and Rs 600.Not only this, e-books for competitive examinations like bank, law are also available. To learn foreign languages like French, Spanish and German, one can also lay their hands at their e-books available at the Tirumala Softwares, a New Delhi-based publishing house. Sunny Verma, marketing executive of the store said, \"E-content is not only available in the form of DVDs, but also in pen drive. This time, we have focused on e-books that cater beyond schools. E-books on astrology, women health guides, career planning, child health care problems are also available. Here, the course e-books are purely based on NCERT syllabus and are available from pre-school to class XII in all subjects. Interestingly, one doesn't need to shell out a hefty amount to buy these e-books as they are available from Rs 100 to less than Rs 2,000. \"All e-books are available in Hindi and English languages,'' said Verma. Not only the publishers, but also organisers were seen promoting e-books. \"It is an interactive medium for children to learn things better and in an effective manner,\" said Manoj Chandel, secretary, Knowledge Tree Foundation (KTF).Citing the importance of e-books, Ram Jeevan Katiyar who runs a school in Kanpur said, \"For children, e-book is like a toy. Since these are interactive in nature, children are glued to them.\" Sharing his experiences with parents, Jeevan said, \"Today, parents want their children to learn basics using latest and innovative technology. Parents think that in the coming years, pen and paper will become obsolete.\"Parents feel that the usefulness of e-books is its changeable font size, mark-up, citation creation and note-taking. \"E-books are available for readers even when books are out of stock. Neeti Mishra whose son is in class IV said, \"Earlier my son never used to show interest in the studies. E-books have made things easy for him. The audio and colourful visuals, pictures present in e-books have attracted him. In fact, he scored well in his annual exams.\"Apart from e-books, the fair also boasts of a wide variety of regional and Hindi books. Seeing the latest trend, publishers say that thriller fiction has taken over love fiction. Some of them include 7 secrets of Shiva, Red Sky and Falling Stars, ...Then I Met My Sister.. and many others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16693762", "title": "MSF-KSU set to dethrone SFI in CU", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The SFI's decade-long dominance in the students' politics of Calicut University is under serious threat. The students' wing of the CPM, which has had a dream run in the CU union since 2002, is all set to be dethroned by the MSF-KSU combine this year, going by the results of the students' union elections held on Thursday.The SFI has won 71 university union councillors (UUC) in the election while the MSF-KSU combine has 75. The MSF has gained the most with 64 councillors. The Students Islamic Organization (SIO) has won 10 UUC seats.The office bearers of the Calicut University Students Union will be elected by the UUCs.The MSF, the students' wing of the IUML, has benefitted the most from the proliferation of new self-financing colleges under Muslim management. In addition, the new rule, which entitles all colleges to have a UUC irrespective of the student strength, has also helped it reap a rich harvest in Malappuram and Kozhikode districts, which have a considerable number of Arabic colleges. Earlier, only colleges with at least 100 students were entitled to a UUC seat.MSF state president T P Ashraf Ali said the election verdict was a \"shock treatment\" to the politics of violence practised by the CPM and the SFI inside and outside the campuses.\"SFI has lost its traditional red bastions including the Tirur Thunchan Memorial College, SNDP College, Angadipuram and the Kozhikode Arts College,\" he said.Ashraf Ali said the UDF student organizations would consolidate their position once the elections in the colleges run by the MES and other private managements were held. Around 16 colleges run by Muslim managements have approached the high court seeking directions to allow them to conduct elections in the parliamentary mode.The office-bearers of the SFI, however, put up a brave face saying the organization would reaffirm its pole position once the pending elections to the B Ed and engineering colleges were held.\"SFI has retained its dominance in colleges where elections are held on a political basis. But the proliferation of Muslim management colleges under the CU has had its impact on the election figures. We, however, are confident about overcoming the challenge,\" said SFI state joint secretary K Rafeeq.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692735", "title": "Remand extended for key accused in Karanj riot case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A metropolitan court on Friday granted police a further day's remand of Zarina Khan, the prime accused of Wednesday's rioting in Karanj. Meanwhile, the probe in the case was transferred to city police crime branch.Late on Thursday evening, Khan along with other accused people, was remanded to 12-hour police custody by a magisterial court. She was sent for custodial interrogation in connection two FIRs. Police sought five days' further remand on Friday.The cops wanted to question her on activities of her NGO - Akhil Bharatiya Mahila Adhikar Sangh - and to verify whether it is registered at all. Karanj police told the court that they also wanted to know Khan's political connections and who she had communicated with before the agitation, which culminated in rioting.Khan, on the other hand, denied all charges that she led Muslim boys to violently protest against the anti-Islam film 'Innocence of Muslims'. Khan claimed that she had given a call for a silent protest and did not know \"from where a mob of unknown persons came and charged towards the Jama Masjid\". She told the court: \"I left Sardarbaug after the rally. Only when I switched on the television in the evening did I come to know about the incident.\"During the hearing on Friday, metropolitan magistrate B D Goswami released 28 Muslim youths on bail and sent 56 others to judicial custody. The court also sent one of the accused, Imtiyaz Ahmed , a youth from Karanj, to Civil Hospital for medical verifications after it was submitted that the youth was mentally-challenged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "saint-jean-de-luz (france)", "code": "16696338", "title": "Sharmila Nicollet braves pain but misses cut at Lacoste Open", "text": "SAINT-JEAN-DE-LUZ (FRANCE): Braving acute pain, Sharmila Nicollet shot a superb round of 72 but it came a bit late as she crashed out at the midway stage of the Lacoste Ladies Open de France.Sharmila, who hurt herself in the first round, and shot a disappointing 80, came out for the second round after taking pain killers, and carded a 72.She had three birdies, including one on the last and dropped five bogeys in her 72. She totalled 152.Diana Luna fired a second-round of six-under-par 64 to take a two stroke lead at the halfway stage. The 29-year-old Italian moved to the top of the leader board at nine-under-par on the second day at the Chantaco Golf Club in Saint-Jean-de-Luz, south-west France.The first round leader Stacey Keating of Australia followed her opening 62 with a one-over 71 to sit alone in second place. Carlota Ciganda of Spain, Germany's Anja Monke and local player Anne-Lise Caudal from Saint-Jean-de-Luz share third place at five under.Monke made the biggest jump up the leader board with a superb 63 while Caudal was also impressive with six birdies in a 65.Frenchwoman Valentine Derrey, who grew up playing at the club every summer, shares sixth place on four under with Hannah Jun of the United States and Danielle Montgomery, representing England.Retired former world number one Lorena Ochoa and England's all-time great Laura Davies, celebrating her 49th birthday, both comfortably made the cut and ended the day in a share of 25th position, 10 shots off the lead on one-over-par.Ochoa shot a two-over 72 while Davies had a one-under 69. The cut fell at four over par, with former champion Karen Lunn of Australia and Scotland's Carly Booth, currently lying in fourth place on the LET's ISPS Handa order of merit, missing out on playing the weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16693660", "title": "All NMC departments to be computerized", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to make administrative functions more effective and create a database of all departments, the NMC is planning to integrate all the departments by way of computerization by the end of this year.Sanjay Khandare, who took over as the new municipal commissioner of Nashik in the month of June, has taken initiative in streamlining the working procedure of NMC to increase the recovery of municipal taxes.Speaking to TOI, Khandare said, \"We are planning to integrate all departments of NMC through computerization by the end of the current calendar year 2012. We have already started collecting the database of all major departments of NMC including the public works department, town planning, water supply, accounts &amp; finance, property tax and legal departments.\"Fortnightly meetings of all departments are being conducted to review the work.\"My priority is to improve the tax collection system and increase cent percent the recovery of all municipal taxes. Hence, tax collection system is being made effective and efficient and results will be seen in the next few months,\" he said.\"We are planning to introduce the SAP system in NMC to integrate functioning of all the departments. Accordingly, we have started working on Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP). This will help integrating functioning of all departments of NMC and will simplify an administrative function.\"The ERP systems which integrate internal and external management information across an entire organization, embracing finance, accounting etc. The ERP systems would automate this activity with an integrated software application. The purpose of ERP is to facilitate the flow of information between all business or administrative functions inside the boundaries of the organization and manage the connections to outside stakeholders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693316", "title": "Kingfisher crisis: Daily torment for Vijay Mallya's staff", "text": "NEW DELHI: The suicide of Sushmita Chakroborty, wife of an unpaid Kingfisher Airlines (KF) employee, can be seen as a stark indicator of the financial burden under which the families of some 4,000-odd unpaid employees of the airlines have been suffocating for seven months.This isn't just a suicide but an extreme expression of the daily horrors of managing to live without having running access to the currency that the environment recognizes and accepts as the cost of living. So everything that has a price is a stress and only free things are stress-free. And that leaves no scope for anything to fill the air.On Friday KFA got a breather as the freeze on one of its bank accounts was lifted giving the strapped airline a credit line of Rs 60 crore. \"Even that won't be enough money to pay all the staff their full dues,\" a pilot said.Some employees across various cities have been lucky to have extended families and friends capable of backing them. Those without this cushion are out on limbs. Satish Singh had to pull out his two children from their private school in the capital city and put them in a government school as he was not able to pay their fees. \"I am the sole earning member of the family. My brother helped me out for the first two months but then he also couldn't support four extra people on his salary. We have stopped going out. The children had to change schools and my landlord is threatening to throw me out any second,\" he said.That there are numerous chawls and slums in Mumbai has been a blessing for many KFA employees. Had the city been one that did not offer sub-standard accommodation like those with corrugated metal roof, rat-infested toilets and over-flowing drains, then technicians like Avinash Ghosh (name changed) would not have been able to afford a place to stay in Mumbai.On September 29th, Vijay Mallya tweeted: \"The media are having a great time slamming me. Let them continue their wild and inaccurate speculation. I will prove all of them wrong.\" There is no place for any of the struggling families in the chairman's primary concerns and it's all about him proving something while his employees and their families go to bed hungry. Many employees are the sole breadwinners of their families, working as pilots, engineers, cabin crew, and ground staff personnel, and their lives have nose-dived into a black hole.( With inputs from Bangalore and Mumbai )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "16691893", "title": "N-capable Dhanush test fired", "text": "BALASORE: India on Friday conducted a user trial of surface-to-surface ballistic missile Dhanush from a warship off the Odisha coast. The test was conducted by the Navy as part of a training exercise.Defence sources said the test was successful and carried a day after the launch of Prithvi-II nuclear-capable missile by the Army. Dhanush, a naval version of Prithvi missile has a strike range of 350 km and the trial was conducted for full range..The missile was test fired at 11.25 am. It blasted off from a naval ship and splashed down near the pre-designated target in the Bay of Bengal. The mission control room went into ruptures as the missile traveled along the pre-coordinated trajectory.\"All the mission objectives were met in a flawless performance. All the radars, telemetry stations and electro-optical systems tracked and evaluated the performance of the missile in real time,\" said a defence official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "warwick", "code": "16694084", "title": "Maths can help predict chances of conceiving", "text": "WARWICk: Scientists claim to have developed a new mathematical model which can help predict a couple's chances of becoming pregnant, on the basis of how long they have been trying. The new study by University of Warwick and the London School of Economics may also shed light on how long the couples should wait before seeking medical help. Researchers found that, if the woman is aged 35, after just six months of trying, her chance of getting pregnant in the next cycle is then less than 10%. The analysis uses the number of menstrual cycles over which the couple has been trying for a baby to determine a probability of conception within the next month. \"After several cycles without pregnancy, it becomes relatively more likely that a couple have low fertility. This is the main reason why it becomes less likely that conception will occur in the next cycle,\" said Dr Peter Sozou of the London School of Economics. When a woman is 25, it takes 13 menstrual periods before her chance of pregnancy in each new cycle has declined to below 10%, according to the model. The number of months required to reach a conception chance below 10% cycle is 10 at age 30, and just six at age 35. \"There is quite a good chance of conception if they keep trying,\" Sozou said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16692627", "title": "Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry hails international tag to airport", "text": "MANGALORE: The Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) has welcomed the grant of international airport status to the Mangalore airport saying it is a progressive decision which is long awaited by people of the region.Mohammed Ameen, chamber president said, \"KCCI played a prominent role along with late Ullal Srinivas Mallya, former member of parliament and a great reformer of the region, in conceptualizing and seeing the dream of Mangalore airport becoming a reality in 1951. Now, after 61 long years, it has become an international airport.\"The chamber also thanked M Veerappa Moily, Union minister of corporate affairs and power, Oscar Fernandes, member of parliament and chairman of parliamentary standing committee on human resources, chief ministers of Karnataka, MLAs and MPs of the region, airport director MR Vasudeva and all those families who sacrificed their homes and properties for the sake of the development of the airport.Ameen said the air cargo complex at the airport is another dream of people of the region.The infrastructural facilities for the project is though already in place, the airport is still awaiting recommendations of the department of customs to the Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) to enable it to issue notifications required under certain sections of the Customs Act, 1962, to allow the cargo complex to commence operation of airfreight services.He said the chamber hopes to see the project becoming a reality soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693961", "title": "Mistaken identity: Youth shot in Mohanlalganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: An undergraduate student was shot apparently in a case mistaken identity in Mohanlalganj area on Friday. The victim was identified as Kamlesh Yadav, a resident of Gauri Gaon in Mohanlalganj was pursuing his Bachelors Degree in Arts from Kanpur University. Kamlesh had come to Mohanlalganj to stay with his maternal grandfather Sunder Lal Yadav of Meenapur in Mohanlalganj. He was very close to his uncle Lallan, the younger brother Kamlesh's mother who lives with Sunder Lal.Since Kamlesh had no plans to stay with his grandfather over night, he had not brought any clothes with him. When Sunder Lal and Lallan insisted on Kamlesh staying back with them for a couple of days, he agreed. Lallan provided him with his own pair of trousers and a shirt to wear.On Friday morning, Kamlesh was at his grandfather's farm field on the village outskirts when the locals heard a sound of gunshot. They rushed to the site only to find Kamlesh lying dead on the ground. He had suffered a gunshot wound on his chest.Police said possibilities are high that Kamlesh was mistaken for his uncle Lallan who has a dispute with a local over a plot of land. Police said Lallan had sold off a piece of land worth Rs 35 lakh situated in the village. Allegations are that the land in question belonged to a local woman, but Lallan allegedly produced another woman introducing her as the real owner and sold off the land. When the grand children of the real owner came to know about it, they questioned Lallan but in vain. Police suspect that the Friday morning attack was actually aimed at Lallan and since Kamlesh was wearing Lallan's clothes.Police said that tattooing and charring was visible around the gunshot wound that Kamlesh had suffered injuries on right side of his chest suggesting that the assailants had first approached him either unnoticed or on the pretext of meeting him and then fired the shot from a very close range. In such a scenario, the possibilities of mistaken identity exist if Lallan's rivals had used a hired hand. Had they been involved in the crime themselves, then they would have recognized that the individual was Kamlesh wearing the clothes of Lallan, police said.Police are probing the calls retrieved from the cell phone of Kamlesh. The victim received calls and himself called up a particular number a couple of times on Thursday evening and the total conversation lasted one and a half hours within a span of two hours.Police are also collecting details of the number to which Kamlesh spoke to in order to decipher, if the call had anything to do with Kamlesh's murder.The victim's grandfather Sunder Lal initially left the police baffled when he claimed that Kamlesh had committed suicide by shooting himself. It was only after the police scanned the entire scene of crime and confirmed that no weapon whatsoever could be found at the crime scene that the old man conceded to the possibility of his young grandson being murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16696650", "title": "Punjab safest state in country: Sukhbir Singh Badal", "text": "AMRITSAR: Rejecting Congress's allegations that SAD (B) is inflaming passions in the state, deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal on Saturday said that Congress party was in habit of doing 'dramas' before elections.\"Punjab is the safest place in India,\" he said. Badal said ever since the present government came to power in the state there had not been any untoward activity or incident. \"There had been some incidents in several parts of India but not in Punjab due to police vigilance,\" Sukhbir Singh Badal said.\"As home minister, I assure people of the state and nation that Punjab is the safest place. We will fight terrorism till the end and there is no chance of revival of terrorism in the state,\" Deputy CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16691341", "title": "Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve body floats 'priority entry' scheme for tourists", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: There is good news finally for wildlife tourists planning for a safari in Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) with the start of new season. TATR will open with 'priority offer' for its visitors, provided Supreme Court lifts the ban on tourism in tiger reserve in coming days.TATR Tiger Conservation Foundation has approved Rs 4 lakh for the purchase of books titled 'Wild Maharashtra', published by Sanctuary Asia, in its last governing body meeting. A total of 400 books, procured at subsidized rates, will be sold to tourist at cover price and foundation expects to earn handful sum from the sale.Those tourists purchasing the book costing Rs 2950 will be offered 'priority entry' into the tiger reserve, provided the Supreme Court lifts ban on tourism in tiger reserve. Decision to give 'offer' on the book was taken during the meeting of the foundation, headed by forest minister Patangrao Kadam, on September 18. The foundation will utilize the sum earned from the sale of books on 'capacity building' of the forest department staffers. The minutes of the meeting have specific mention about the decisions.Greens have, however, slammed the idea of offering privilege entry to tourists. President of Friends of Tadoba, Niraj Potdar said, \"The proposed offer on purchase of book is absurd and makes no sense. The wealthy tourists, who are capable of spending extra Rs 3000, will seek privilege entry by purchasing the book. The common tourists, who queue up for hours for tickets on gates, will be deprived of the chance of entry. It appears to be pathetic attempt to oblige the publication.\"Gate fees hiked for new seasonTodoba will open its gates to tourist with new fee structure after Supreme Court spells out its verdict on tourism in tiger reserves. TATR Tiger Conservation Foundation has decided to increase gate fees per vehicle to Rs 1000 on Saturday, Sunday and festive days. However, on week days tourists will be charged Rs 750 per vehicle. Earlier, the gate fee per vehicle was Rs 500. TATR is most popular tiger reserve in Central India visited by average over 60,000 tourists a year. The apex court is expected deliver its verdict on on October 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16693818", "title": "'New airport terminal to take off by March '13'", "text": "VASCO: The new Dabolim airport terminal building is expected to be commissioned by March 2013.M Suresh, airport director, said, \"Eighty percent of the work on the new airport terminal has been completed and we are hopeful that the remaining 20% will be completed and the terminal be commissioned by March.\"Suresh said that AAI \"was spending 350 crore on the new building as well as 500 crore on allied work.\"He was speaking after the airport advisory committee met at the airports authority of India premises to discuss issues concerning the Dabolim airport in view of the tourist charter flights to the state that will begin soon.Chairman of the committee and South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha said. \"Various points to improve functioning of the airport and facilitate free flow of tourists to the state were discussed.\"He said issues like signages, convenience while completing immigration formalities, western standards for cleanliness of toilets and better supervision of the airport to tackle the problem of porters harassing people were discussed.Sardinha revealed that plans for the flyover from the airport have been finalized by the PWD but the funding was yet to be finalized.\"Directly or indirectly, all of us benefit from tourism. We have to ensure that all tourists who come to the state go back with good memories,\" Sardinha said.Suresh said, \"So far 80 charter flights have been confirmed and most of them are at night.\"He said higher level talks were on between the state and the Indian Navy, and soon flights to the airport may be able to land after 11am.TTAG immediate past president Gaurish Dhond who was also present for the meeting said, \"Last year the state received 20 lakh tourists and was expecting 25 lakh this year of which 6 lakh are expected to be foreign tourists.\"Sources said the AAI has asked the state to complete lighting of the road from Verna to Dabolim airport soon. The state has also been asked for land for taxi parking near the airport.The meeting was attended by the South Goa collector N D Agrawal; M Rao, disaster management authority representative; L K Haokip, Dy commandant of CISF; Vasco DySP Lawrence D'Souza among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16694107", "title": "Eggs made in lab raise hope for infertility cure", "text": "LONDON: For the first time, researchers claim to have developed viable eggs using normal cells from adult mice, raising hope for cure for infertility in humans.The breakthrough raises the possibility that women who are unable to produce eggs naturally could now have them created in a test tube from their own cells and then plant them back into their body, Japanese researchers said.The research team, from Kyoto University, started with, \"blank\" stem cells capable of turning into other types and used a cocktail of nutrients to turn them into very early-stage eggs, the 'Daily Mail' reported. These were then grown in the lab with ovary cells before being transplanted into mice ovaries to mature.The next step in the complicated process involved removing the eggs and using In vitro fertilization (IVF) techniques to fertilize them.Eight pups were born via two different techniques. One recently died but the others were all healthy and some have gone on to have litters of their own. In future, it might be possible to replicate the process, using just a sliver of a woman's skin as the stem cell source.Although some progress has been made before, this is the first time scientists have succeeded in making fully-functional eggs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16693644", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation under fire for 23 plots it could not acquire over 19 years", "text": "NASHIK: With the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) failing to acquire 23 plots of land reserved for civic projects for the past 19 years, pressure is building up to return the land to their owners.Shiv Sena corporators, who have threatened to move court on the issue, said that 23 plots worth around Rs 700 crore were not acquired by the NMC since 1993. Most of the land plots had been reserved for hospitals, gardens, libraries and police chowky.The Shiv Sena has threatened that it would be moving the high court with respect to reserving the 23 plots that were in the last stage of de-reservation. A motion calling attention had also been moved in the civic body. But owing to three consecutive adjournments, the ruling got prolonged. Accusing the NMC, the land acquisition officers and the builders of an unholy nexus, the party has decided to go ahead with filing a PIL.Since the plots were not acquired, they were in the final stage of getting de-reserved. Shiv Sena corporators Ajay Boraste, Shivaji Sahane and Sudhakar Badgujar said that their party will be filing a PIL against the de-reservation. The calling attention motion had been moved at the general body meeting by Sahane and BJP corporator Devyani Pharande, the ruling of which is yet to take place. Pharande said that they had raised many valid points and are waiting for the ruling.Few of the plot owners said that the NMC did nothing to acquire them. The corporators have a mixed opinion about the de-reservation and officials are blaming each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16691220", "title": "New STP ready for operation", "text": "NOIDA: The state-of-the-art sewage treatment plant in Sector 123 is all set to become operational by the end of this month. The 35 MLD plant, based on the automated sequential batch reactor technology (SBR), has been built at a cost of around Rs 38 crore to treat additional waste that the city is expected to generate in the coming years with its increasing population.The Noida Authority has already completed work on the STP and trial runs are currently on. While the plant was to become operational by July this year, there were delays in connecting it with the sewage pumping station in Sector 66 and laying down the duty pipeline for connecting this pumping station with the STP.The new STP, the third of the four plants commissioned by the Noida Authority, will operate using the SBR technology to treat waste water generated from around a dozen sectors in the city apart from a few villages.\"Currently, recycled water generated by existing STPs is used for watering parks, green belts, etc. With the SBR technology being used in new plants, the quality of water generated will be better and can be used for other purposes besides irrigation,\" said an Authority official. tnnCurrently, Noida has two functional STPs in sectors 50 and 54, which have capacities of 34 and 27 MLD, respectively. Work is also in progress on another STP in Sector 168 that will use the SBR technology.The existing STPs in sectors 50 and 54 had been built using the Upflow Anaerobic Sludge Blanket technology. But last year, the Authority upgraded them to the SBR technology. The new technology reduces levels of organic pollutants in waste water to a greater degree than the older technology. The Authority will also upgrade these two STPS with an additional capacity of treating 25 MLD and 33 MLD of sewage, to cater to the projected increase in the city's population as per the Master Plan 2031.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16693854", "title": "New recommendations give state's wildlife sanctuaries max 1km buffer zone", "text": "PANAJI: The central empowered committee (CEC), constituted on a Supreme Court directive, has recommended demarcation of an eco-sensitive zone (ESZ) of 100 metres to one km for the state's six wildlife sanctuaries and one national park, sources said.The recommendations made in a note prepared by CEC member secretary MK Jiwrajka was submitted to the apex court recently. The panel conducted an extensive survey to arrive at the recommendations for ESZ for 102 national parks and 515 wildlife sanctuaries in the country.The panel has classified protected areas (PAs) in four categories for the purpose of demarcation of buffer zones. Parks above 500 sq km will be under category A with a safety zone of 2 km from the boundary.Similarly, for protected areas under category B (between 200 and 500 sq km) the buffer zone recommended is 1 km from the boundary. In case of PAs in category C (between 100 and 200 sq km) and category D (up to 100 sq km), the buffer zone may be kept at just 500 metres and 100 metres respectively, the committee recommends.If these parameters are taken into account, Goa's two major wildlife sanctuaries, Neturlim (211.05 sq km) and Mhadei (208.48 sq km) will be classified under category B and will have a 1 km buffer zone.Bhagwan Mahavir national park (107 sq km) and wildlife sanctuary (133 km) fall in category C with a buffer zone of just 500 metres, and Cotigao (86 sq km), Bondla (91.8 sq km) and Salim Ali bird sanctuary (1.8 sq km) under category D with a ESZ of a mere 100 metres. If the protected areas are contiguous, then the combined buffer zone of all the protected areas would change to 2 km.ESZs around protected areas are meant to be transition zones for wildlife from highly protected areas to those involving lesser protection.The idea of buffer zones was mooted at a meeting of the Indian board for wildlife on January 21, 2002. One of the points was to provide protection for land falling within 10 km of national parks and wildlife sanctuaries.Though the centre had asked states to submit proposals regarding buffer zones, only a few states had responded.The Goa committee headed by Raajiv Yaduvanshi had recommended a 0 km buffer zone around the state's protected areas. Another committee appointed last year is yet to complete its mission.It's insignificant, say greensThe CEC recommendations on buffer zones has upset environmental activists in Goa. Many alleged that the area proposed was insignificant for conservation of the state's floral and faunal biodiversity. Given that mining takes place in Goa's forest areas, greens felt wider buffer zones were needed.Buffer zoneA buffer zone is meant to be a shock absorber for protected areas. As it is a passage for wildlife from highly protected areas of parks and wildlife sanctuaries to adjacent areas offering less protection, human activity is sought to be restricted by delineating such zonesImplicationsFor Goa, mining activity would have to be restricted to areas beyond the limits of whatever buffer zones are demarcated by the state government. This is to prevent and protect wildlife and biodiversity from being affected by environmental pollution. People living in the buffer zone are allowed to carry out their activitiesCEC recommendationsParks of area above 500 sq km are classified under category A with a safety zone of 2 km from the boundary. Protected areas under category B (between 200 &amp; 500 sq km) to have a buffer zone of 1 km and protected areas in category C (between 100 and 200 sq km) and category D (up to 100 sq km) to have a buffer zone at just 500 metres and 100 metres respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16694286", "title": "Pantry car worker arrested for molesting girl in train", "text": "VARANASI: In another incident of eve teasing in train, a girl was allegedly molested by a worker of pantry car in the Sealdah-New Delhi Rajdhani Express (12313) on Thursday night. The pantry car worker was arrested by the Government Railway Police (GRP) when the train reached Mughalsarai railway station in Chandauli district around 2am.According to reports, the victim, an engineering student and native of Gaya (Bihar), was going to New Delhi and traveling in A3 coach. Pantry car worker, Ameen Sheikh, native of South 24 Pargana (West Bengal), who was in an inebriated state, attempted to outrage the modesty of the girl in the running train when she was asleep. The girl raised an alarm and fellow passengers came to her rescue. The man was handed over to the GRP at Mughalsarai. According to GRP inspector, Ratan Singh Yadav, the accused was arrested.It was another incident of molestation in running train. An IAS officer of the state government was arrested for molesting a woman on board the Lucknow Mail train, recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16692738", "title": "Govt school notebooks include power saving tips on back-flap", "text": "COIMBATORE: S Priya, a class 3 student of the corporation primary school at the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University campus is trying to piece together the words and read the text on the back-flap of the newly distributed school notebooks in the district. The fresh set of books distributed in the second term includes literature on the importance of saving power at both school and home. There are sketches of electrical appliances and gadgets that should be judicially used to save power. These include the TV, a freebie of the previous DMK regime and table fan, doled out by the AIADMK.\"Tips on power saving methods will hopefully make kids aware of the energy crisis and encourage them to use it cautiously. They will also think twice before they use luxury electrical gadgets,\" said T Rajendran, Chief Education Officer, Coimbatore.Using Tiruvalluvar's famous statement that water is the source of all life, the message asks people to consider power in the same light and use it judiciously as it is an integral part of life. Children are told that one unit of power saved is equivalent to an additional unit of power produced. The initial batch of notebooks distributed in June also carried the power saving tips. \"I have read the tips and I will go home and tell my parents,\" said R Bhuvaneswari, a class 5 student of the same school.Teachers said that 'power saving tips' and the importance of power have emerged as the major themes in most school drawing competitions and extra curricular activities. C RajaRajeshwari, a class 5 student had drawn the importance of tapping solar energy.As many as 1,80,766 note books were distributed to students of class I to class VIII in the city on Thursday, said education department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16691258", "title": "Revamped ISBT dons swanky look", "text": "NEW DELHI: Get ready for an international experience at the Kashmere Gate inter-state bus terminus. The ISBT, which has been under renovation for much longer than planned, is all set to begin operations from next month. \"Of the 2,000 buses that operate from the ISBT, 500-600 had been diverted to the other bus terminals. They will resume operations from Kashmere Gate November onwards,\" said a senior official from the transport department. Though no date has been set for the inauguration of the revamped terminus, trials have already begun.The first look is certainly impressive. Shiny escalators take passengers to different levels - ticketing has been kept on one floor while the bus bay is underneath. Apart from that, the terminus boasts of glass elevators, an air-conditioned waiting lounge, food court, an enquiry booth right at the centre of the terminus and state-of-the-art toilets. \"The area for public use is almost complete, so starting operations will not be a problem,\" said the official. LED display boards have been fitted at the platforms. As part of the project, retrofitting of the building has been carried out to make it earthquake resistant.However, final touches are yet to be added. For instance, platforms still need to be numbered along with the seating facility for passengers in the area around the bus bay. Work on water recycling, air-conditioning and sewage still needs to be completed. Sources added that the public information system has also not been installed yet. \"Work on installing the machinery to announce arrivals and departure of buses and public help desks is still going on,\" added the official. Security equipment like metal detectors also have to be installed. \"High-resolution CCTV cameras across the terminus along with other security equipment such as boom-barriers and an access-controlled system for buses have been put in place,\" the official said.However, sources say that the initial hiccups have already been identified. \"Though a few ticket counters for short distance travel have been kept in the lower section, most of the ticketing counters fall in the upper section. Commuters have complained that getting tickets from the upper level and then going down may be a problem as they are likely to miss the bus,\" said the official. That's not all. While the fittings used for renovation are of an international standard, officials fear their usage may be a problem. In fact, two of the toilets which were in use during trials are already showing signs of rough usage, say sources. \"Most people coming here are not used to these kind of toilets,\" the official rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16692664", "title": "Gujrat's employees threaten dire electoral consequences", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Taking a strongly political view, the Gujarat State Employees' Coordination Committee on Friday told the state government that thousands of Vidya Sahayaks, working as primary teachers on fixed pay across the state, will teach the BJP government an \"appropriate lesson\" in the forthcoming elections. This is in response to the administration's refusal to regularize them \"despite clear-cut court directives\".Talks with the Cabinet subcommittee headed by finance minister Vajubhai Vala broke down on Wednesday. Following this, the committee said in a statement, \"The government should have known what employees can do to the state rulers. It should learn an appropriate lesson from what happened in UP and Tamil Nadu polls.\"The Cabinet subcommittee unilaterally announced some concessions, such as higher medical and travel allowance, which employee leaders termed \"highly unsatisfactory\" and walked out.The statement further said, the coordination committee has decided to hold a meeting of representatives of all the state's employees' associations in Gandhinagar on October 7. A further decision on the course of action will be decided there. \"At this meeting, we will work out a complete strategy against the state government during elections. We cannot be satisfied with crumbs thrown at us,\" it added.When contacted, a top aide of chief minister Narendra Modi said, \"With the announcement of the elections, and the electoral code of conduct coming into force, the state government cannot give any new concessions. The employees will have to do whatever they want to, keeping in view preparations for elections. Now onwards, they will have to obligatorily address the Election Commission of India for any demands, not the state government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16695942", "title": "Stop further release of water to Tamil Nadu, Krishna urges PM", "text": "BANGALORE: Highlighting the \"grim\" situation in Cauvery basin, external affairs minister S M Krishna today appealed to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to stop further release of water to Tamil Nadu and to seek a report from the team that has been deputed to assess the water situation.\"I would kindly urge upon you to explore possibilities of stopping further release of water from dams in Karnataka and also call for an interim report of the team of experts\", Krishna, now on an official visit to the US, said in a letter to Singh, a copy of which was released here.Krishna, who hails from Cauvery basin district of Mandya, the epicentre of the stir, said the situation was grim in Cauvery irrigation areas and also in Bangalore following depleted water level in dams after release of water, as per the September 19 directive of the Cauvery River Authority, headed by Singh, and upheld by the Supreme Court recently.\"I sincerely feel that the situation needs your immediate attention, if it is to be prevented from worsening, as there is already a strong feeling among people of Karnataka that they may have to face severe shortage of water in the months to come\", Krishna said.\"The entire state is waiting with bated breath to get immediate relief as otherwise it will spell disaster for the population in the Cauvery basin\", he said.Krishna also pointed out that the monsoon was over in Karnataka while the north-east monsoon would commence in Tamil Nadu and has the prospect of adequate rains. Ruling BJP leaders including former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa have been criticising four union ministers representing Karnataka, particularly Krishna, for their \"failure\" to convince the Prime Minister about the water situation.The Karnataka government began releasing 9000 cusecs after the Supreme Court asked it to abide by the CRA directive, till October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16691705", "title": "2-year-old mowed down in Thane", "text": "THANE: A two-year-old girl died on the spot after a car knocked her down near the Tulshidham area in Thane (west) on Friday.Laadli Vishvakarma had left home with her father Shyamsunder (37) to buy grocery from a shop nearby. The child had held her father's hand and was standing close to the road. The long wait at the shop may have made the two-year-old restless, as she set herself free from her father's grip and moved towards the road.A passing vehicle moving at a normal speed knocked Laadli down as all attempts by driver Nitin Desai (47) to apply the brakes and stop the vehicle failed. The girl was rushed to the Thane civil hospital, where doctors proclaimed her dead before admission. The Kapurbawdi police have arrested the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16692887", "title": "Mukhiyas, contractual teachers flex muscles", "text": "GAYA: Elected representatives of the Panchayati Raj institutions including mukhiyas, Zila Parishad members, municipal corporators and contractual teachers have started flexing muscles just before the 'adhikar yatra' of CM Nitish Kumar scheduled for October 9 adding to the woes of the Gaya police.The Gaya police is already overburdened on account of Pitripaksh, Haj flights and preparation for the maintenance of peace during the twin festivals of Durga Puja and Eid-ud-Zoha. The CM is scheduled to visit Gaya and address a public meeting at the historic Gandhi Maidan on October 9.Whereas the elected representatives of the Panchayati Raj institutions and urban local bodies have given a call for mahadharna outside Gaya Collectorate on Saturday to press for their demands including Rs 5,000 crore package to the district, the contractual teachers plan a torchlight procession on October 8 evening.According to deputy mayor Mohan Srivastava and convener of the struggle committee of the Panchayati Raj/urban local bodies elected representatives, he has sought appointment with the CM during his Gaya visit to place the demands. Everything now depends on the CM's response, he said. He reiterated that the struggle committee will go ahead with its mahadharna programme on Saturday.According to Niyojit Shikshak Nyay Morcha convenor Sanjiv Shyam Singh, MLC, it is not right to disturb the CM's meetings though there is no harm in supporting the demands of contractual teachers. Singh made it clear that the torchlight procession was aimed at registering protest against the \"vindictive and repressive action\" against contractual teachers at Darbhanga, Begusarai and Khagaria and patronage being given to the likes of Ranvir Yadav who virtually made a mockery of 'sushasan' claims. \"The bid to organize adhikar yatra under massive police bandobust was a bit ironical,\" said Singh.Earlier, on Thursday, Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar reviewed the situation at a meeting of officers of the rank of DSP and above and issued guidelines to his subordinates on identification of sensitive spots and potential troublemakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691939", "title": "'Scary' warnings from 2013", "text": "MUMBAI: A picture may speak a thousand words, but anti-smoking activists have not been too happy with the pictorial warnings that have actually made it to cigarette and tobacco covers. That, however, may soon change with a new notification issued by the government.In the amendment of rules for pictorial warnings on cigarettes and other tobacco products, which has been issued by the ministry of health and family welfare, a new set of representations will be enforceable from April, 2013.The earlier warnings have not been successful in sending the message across. Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, oncologist from Tata Memorial Hospital, who has been actively working against cigarette and other tobacco products, said that pictorial warnings serve as a positive deterrent for first time user. \"The tobacco industry has exploited the loop holes in these notifications to subvert the law. They alter the quality of the image in such a way that it becomes meaningless. Moreover, the cigarette industry chooses the least graphic warning-- photo of a lung-- that has literally no impact on the mind of the user.\"Apart from the pictorial warnings, there will also be a few additions in the written warnings too. The word \"warning\" in red font will be printed. Moreover, the manufacturers will have to maintain a ratio (075:1) of the health warning to ensure that pictures are not distorted with change in size of packs.However, the written warnings may not be useful in instigating the user to quit, say doctors. \"Nearly 20-25% of Indian kids are users of tobacco and nearly one third users of tobacco in India are illiterate or semiliterate. They cannot read the warning printed in Hindi or English. Pictorial warning, thus, work better for them. Moreover, most people in India buy lose cigarettes, there is no warning printed on each stick,\" said Dr Chaturvedi.Surabhi Shastri, general manager of the 'Smokefree Mumbai' campaign, said that the government has come a long way for the pictorial warnings. \"This is the tenth amendment to the pictorial warning act. Two of the pictures have been retained from the previous amendment, and the written warnings have not been changed either. Considering that Australia has passed a plain packaging to discourage branding, we are still a long way to get the message across to the user.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16693036", "title": "Crackdown on eateries continues", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Corporation health inspectors who are continuing with their surprise raids on hotels have found that 22 of the 45 eateries they visited last week have failed to follow food safety norms. The hotels have been directed to rectify the shortcomings.Punitive action will be taken against 71 people caught disposing waste in public places. A fine of Rs 73,780 has been slapped on them. In addition, 13 of the 113 outlets raided have been issued notices for using banned plastics and have been penalized.In a meeting convened by mayor K Chandrika on Friday, it was decided to deploy Kudumbasree workers to collect plastic waste from city homes, where pipe compost units have been installed. It was also decided to strengthen the cleanliness awareness drive in coastal areas. The meet also discussed ways to prevent the spread of diseases from the waste disposed in public places.Meanwhile, food safety inspectors have found that three food stalls at the Thampanoor KSRTC bus stand are working without the mandatory licence. \"We have issued directives to them to ensure that hygiene is maintained and the food served to the customers is clean and healthy,\" said chief food safety officer S Sudarshan.The raid was prompted by food poisoning cases reported at PRS Hospital in the city the previous day, he said. On Friday, no surprise raids were conducted as the officials were busy processing the issue of licence to the applicants. The officials said raids will continue.Twenty-two of the 45 hotels raided last week were found flouting safety norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692497", "title": "Fishermen stay off sea in diesel hike protest", "text": "CHENNAI: Hundreds of fishermen from Kasimedu did not venture into the sea on Friday, demanding a rollback in the prices of diesel. About 3,500 boats, including 1,000 fibre glass boats and catamarans, lined the shore.Around 15 ice factories downed shutters on Friday as there was no demand for ice. The fishermen plan to stage a bigger protest at the fishing harbour from Saturday morning after being denied permission to protest either in Chepauk or elsewhere in the city.On Friday, the fishermen sported black flags in a silent protest. They were demanding that the price of diesel, 51 a litre including the subsidy, be reduced to 41 a litre and called for 3,000 litres a month of subsidized diesel against the present 1,500 litres. The protest is expected to push up fish prices and traders even warned of a shortage if no solution was found soon.V Balaji, a boat owner, said the entire fishing community was dismayed. \"As it is, the catch is poor in this area and we have to travel near Andhra Pradesh or Sri Lanka and get a good catch only if we are lucky. Now, the hike in diesel prices has made it difficult to meet overheads, leave alone make profits,\" he said.Fibre Reinforced Catamarans (FRCs) get 300 litres of subsidised fuel a month while mechanized boats receive 1,500 litres. There are 25,000 FRPCs and 10,000 mechanised boats in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16694153", "title": "State waives loan payback for drought-hit farmers", "text": "RANCHI: The state level bankers' committee decided to exempt farmers from paying back loan in the current financial year, giving relief to the peasants in the wake of \"early season drought\" announced by the state government on September 11.The banks and government officials also agreed that loans would be given to existing and new farmers, including those who have been allowed to pay back their dues next year. The outstanding dues could be repaid by the farmers in instalments which would be decided later.The bankers' committee convened its 40th special meeting on drought relief here on Friday and discussed measures to extend maximum relief to the farmers, who have been affected by the delayed and scanty monsoon.Executive director of Allahabad Bank T R Chawla, who chaired the meeting, said the banks and the state government had earmarked their roles in determining the best possible ways to extend relief to the farmers. While the banks asked the state government to provide them with the details of families affected by drought at block levels, development commissioner Devashish Gupta directed the banks to issue Kisan Credit Card (KCC) to eligible farmers at the earliest.Agriculture secretary Arun Kumar Singh pointed out the huge gap in number of applications forwarded by his department to the banks for KCCs and the actual number of cards issued. \"The department has forwarded 6,77,895 applications for KCCs to different banks till date, whereas the banks have issued 2,81,334 KCCs indicating a huge shortfall,\" he said. The government asked the banks to dispose pending applications of KCCs by October 31. \"We are not pressuring the banks to disburse cards to every applicant but instead of sitting on them they must either approve or reject the applications so that the picture is clear before the implementing and plan making agencies,\" Singh said.The bankers' special meet was aimed to devise specific plans on early season drought. The district- level bankers committee has been asked to evolve action points at district level for disaster management in consultation with the district authority and monitor issuance of KCC. The banks have been asked to reschedule and restructure existing loans and sanction fresh loans to existing as well as new farmers for agricultural operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "16692559", "title": "One more dies of malaria at SMS hospital", "text": "BIKANER: One more person died of malaria at the SMS hospital taking the death toll due to the vector-borne disease to two in the last four days.A 35-year-old woman died of malaria plasmodium vivax (pv) early this week. Now, an 18-year-old girl admitted to the hospital on October 1 tested positive for malaria plasmodium falciparum (pf) succumbed to the disease. The girl was a resident of Dudu. Mosquitoes have victimized the people in the entire district. It is the fifth malaria death reported from SMS hospital this year, an SMS hospital official said.In the last 24 hours, 15 people tested positive for malaria and were admitted to the hospital, which shows that the cases of malaria have been increasing in the city. Also, two cases of dengue were also reported from the hospital.Besides, malaria cases are on the rise in Bikaner. In the first week of October, out of a total 80 patients from fever, cough and cold reported from various hospitals and dispensaries, including government's PBM Hospital, 32 of them have been tested positive for malaria and two have been diagnosed with malaria plasmodium falciparum.Chief medical health officer Dr Devendra Choudhary said the number of patients is much less in comparison to the corresponding period of last year. \"We are re aware of the situation and are carrying out various anti-larvae activities to check the spread of malaria in the district,\" Dr Choudhary said.He said malaria patients are found in Rampura Basti, Sursagar and Gangashahar area and admitted that the disease is spreading steadily in rural areas, including Kolayat, Khajuwala, Bajju, Loonkaransar. Dr Choudhary also said instructions have been issued to all the authorities concerned for high alert and also for initiating immediate follow-up remedial action. He informed that teams of health officials are visiting rural areas at regular intervals and spraying chemicals to kill the mosquitoes.Nodal officer (Malaria) Dr Sanjay Kochar said besides Bikaner, patients are also being referred to Jaipur from the areas of Sriganganagar and Hanumangarh, including Anupgarh, Gharsana, Rawla and Nohar.Superintendent of PBM Hospital Dr Satish Kachchhawa said a separate ward has been opened for malaria patients for better medical and health care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16693071", "title": "Theatre actors protest against assault on thespian", "text": "KOLKATA: Theatres artistes gathered in front of the Academy of Fine Arts on Friday to protest against the assault on thespian Bimal Chakraborty in Baranagar on October 2. The artistes demonstrated because they felt their right to freedom of expression was being violated.While theatre personalities Soumitra Chatterjee, Chandan Sen, Usha Ganguly, Rudrapasad Sengupta, Bibhas Chakraborty and Kaushik Sen had turned up to condemn the attack, poet Sankha Ghosh protested against the incident through a written statement.On October 2, Bimal Chakraborty, associated with Nandipat theatre group, had gone to the market when he came across a fish seller being attacked. The thespian also noticed a group of fishermen being prohibited from occupying space in the market. When Bimal protested against the injustice, he was heckled and assaulted and threatened with dire consequences. This attack on a fellow actor had infuriated the theatre community, leading to Friday's protest. The rally was organized by Tunir and Sanskriti Samannoy.Besides, Bimal, a state government employee posted with the food department, was kept on compulsory waiting on Thursday. This news further angered the theatre workers and they demanded an answer behind such a move.Food minister Jyotipriya Mullick confirmed that Bimal Chakraborty was deputed to the food department. But the minister said he was not aware of the reason behind keeping the thespian on compulsory waiting.Theatre artistes on Friday assembled in front of Academy of Fine Arts to protest against the attack on theatre artiste Bimal Chakraborty on October 2 at Baranagar area. Chakraborty is associated with Nandipat theatre group. The theatre artistes protested as they felt their right to freedom of expression was denied.Actors and theatre personality Soumitra Chatterjee, Chandan Sen, Usha Ganguly,Rudrapasad Sengupta, Bibhas Chakraborty and Koushik Sen condemned the attack. Poet Sankha Ghosh also protested against the attack through a written statement.Chakraborty was attacked when he had protested against the attack on a fisher seller in the market. Some fishermen were not allowed to sit in the market and against that the theatre personality had protested. But some men had attacked him and had threatened him with dire consequences.The theatre activists on Friday came down to Academy of Fine Arts to protest against teh incident. The protest rally was organised by Tunir and Sanskriti Samannoy organisations.However on Thursday Chakraborty who is a staff of the state government and was posted with the food department was put on compulsory waiting. This further aggrieved the theatre workers.Food minister Jyotipriya Mullick said that Chakraborty was in deputation with the food department and was not aware about the reason for putting Chakraborty on compulsory waiting.Sources said that Chakrborty was earlier working with the I&CA; department and was posted with the food department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16691874", "title": "City ATMs to flash conmen's sketches", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: ATM counters in Bhubaneswar will soon flash sketches of conmen, who take gullible card users for a ride. Police have decided to ask different banks to supply them the sketches of suspects, whose photos have been captured in the machine's inbuilt cameras.\"We would ask major nationalized and private sector banks to provide us sketches of the accused or suspects. We will subsequently paste the photos in public places, especially in crowded ATM counters for public information,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh told TOI. \"The photos would be put in such places that those, who tear them would be captured on cameras,\" Singh said.The commissionerate of police has the existing practice of uploading photos of suspected thieves on its official website, seeking help of the public to nab them. \"Banks provide us the photos, which we upload on our website. Through this we tasted success by cracking two ATM fraud cases recently,\" Singh said.The state capital has witnessed a spurt in crime relating to fraudulent withdrawal of money from ATM counters. While major banks receive such complaints almost everyday, the commissionerate police registered nearly 17 such cases in the last six months. Many incidents also go unreported as victims hesitate to lodge complaints in police stations.The unguarded SBI ATM counter in Capital Hospital compound has become the latest target of anti-socials as the bank received five complaints relating to theft of money in the last three months. The latest incident occurred on October 2 when an auto-rickshaw driver Ranjit Kumar Patra was tricked by a man, who withdrew Rs 35,000 from his account. Patra lodged a complaint at Capital police station on Thursday.\"Five people were present inside the counter when I reached. While I failed to make transaction in one machine, I withdrew money from the second machine in the counter,\" Patra said. \"Next day I was surprised to know Rs 35,000 missing from my account,\" he said.\"I went to the bank with my complaint where the authorities showed me photographs of some suspects. I immediately identified the man, who was present among the group in the counter,\" Patra said. DCP Singh said police would ask the bank to provide them the photo to nab the culprit.\"Though the hospital ATM counter always remains crowded, the bank authorities never cared to deploy security guards outside. We had drawn the bank's attention to it in the past, but in vain,\" said Gautam Reddy, an ambulance driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16691300", "title": "Bandh-eve shutdown irks traders", "text": "Traders and business establishments which had opened business with trepidation due to various rallies had to shut shop on JC Road, Basavangudi and Majestic areas. Shops in Malleswaram, Avenue Road and Seshadripuram too downed their shutters, keen as they were on avoiding any untoward incidents.\"There was no bandh announced but we feared that we will be asked to close our shops,\" said a shopkeeper on JC Road, who did not want to be named.\"There was good business. But all of a sudden, some men came in an autorickshaw and asked us to close down. Policemen just looked on as all this was happening,\" he alleged.\"We understand these protests are conducted for our right to water, but for that we are closing down our shops on Saturday. If we have to close our shops every day, how will we survive?\" said Ijaz, a garage owner on JC Road.A chips shop owner had an arugment with protesters on Avenue Road. \"Although I resisted, I finally had to give in,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16695894", "title": "Halliwell set to sign new seven-figure album deal", "text": "Geri Halliwell is embarking on her first solo venture in more than seven years, after showcasing new tracks from her unfinished album to some record labels.The former Spice Girl sang live at the Breast Cancer Care gig in front of CAA and Universal reps at Grosvenor House in London , and is ready to sign a seven-figure new album deal.\"Music is my passion. I've been writing for some time now and have still got a couple of tracks to go, so it's not completely finished yet,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.\"Although I'm so passionate about music, about what I do, it's actually hard to admit that that's what you're really wanting to do. It sets you up for a fall, I guess.\"But I'm going for it and it's great to hear nice feedback ,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "16693459", "title": "Teen kills brother for not studying", "text": "BARASAT: A 13-year-old boy was allegedly beaten to death and later the body was dumped in a pond by his elder brother near Gaighata's Mondalpara in North 24-Parganas on Thursday night.Sources said the deceased Sukhendu Mondal had gone to his neighbour's house during study hours, which infuriated his brother Suvendu (19), a truck helper.\"After returning home in an inebriated state on Thursday evening, Suvendu didn't find his brother. When Sukhendu returned home, the accused started beating him up mercilessly. In a fit of rage, Suvendu hit his brother on the head with a bamboo stick killing him on the spot,\" alleged some neighbours. Later, he dumped his brother's body in a pond close to the house.When their father Balaikrishna - a farmer - returned home, Suvendu told him that his brother had fled after being scolded by him. On Friday morning, neighbours spotted Sukhendu's body floating on the pond water. His body was fished out and several injury marks were found on his body with a deep cut mark on the head. Sources said, on being interrogated the accused confessed of committing the crime. The deceased was a Class VII student of Mondalpara High School.\"When I asked my eldest son about Sukhendu he told me that his brother fled the house after being beaten up by him due to negligence in study. But I never imagined Suvendu could murder his little brother,\" said Balaikrishna. Gaighata Police arrested the accused from his home on Friday on the basis of a complaint by his father.Some neighbours said Sukhendu was beaten up on Tuesday by his brother for watching a cricket match on the TV. \"Suvendu even set some furniture and books on fire that day,\" alleged a neighbour.Sukhendu, a class VII student of Mondalpara High School used to stay at their Monadalpara residence with his father Balaihrishna Mondal, a farmer and his elder brother Suvendu while his mother Asima and another brother Sirshendu stay in a relative's house at Gopalnagar in Bongaon.Suvendu, a truck helper by profession used to return home in an inebriated condition and allegedly tortured his brother Sukhendu finding little faults in his study. The Thursday's incident comes only two days after Suvendu went on a rampage in the house after he found his brother watching TV skipping his lessons. \"On Tuesday evening Sukhendu was watching the India vs South Africa cricket match on TV. After returning home while Suvendu found his brother watching TV he became furious and set the books of Sukhendu on fire. He also damaged furnitures and the TV and beat up his brother. We rushed to their house and brought the situation under control,\" said Tapan Mondal, a neighbour.On Thursday evening Sukhendu went to a neighbour's house to collect books from his classmate as some of his books which burned by his brother already destroyed in the fire. After returning home the drunken Suvendu again became furious after he did not find his brother in the house. When\"We have arrested Suvendu after his father lodged an FIR against him stating he killed his youngest brother. The body was sent for an autopsy and the accused is being interrogated in this connection. He will be produced in the Bongaon subdivisional court on Saturday,\" said Arindam Mukherjee, officer-in-charge of Gaighata police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16694096", "title": "Gherao by health workers for permanent employment", "text": "RANCHI: National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) workers took out a rally from Birsa Chowk to Nepal House on Friday and demonstrated in front of the secretariat in support of their demand for regularization of jobs. The workers also hinted at paralyzing health services if their demands were not met with.The workers protested under the banner of the Jharkhand state NRHM Contract Workers' Sangh. District president of the sangh Rahul Pratap Singh said, \"We are demanding regularization of jobs and raising the age bar to 60. There are many vacant posts and as per the directions of the civil surgeon, they should be filled up within six months. Similar to the regular ones, the contract workers should also get leave, provident fund and life insurance facilities. Each year, there should be an increase in the honorarium which stands at Rs 6,000.\"The workers were also demanding that some of them, including the auxiliary nursing midwives (ANM) and multipurpose worker (MPW) who reside and work in the rural areas, be provided mode of transport. \"The male workers can be given a motorbike and the females a scooty. In case of accidents to any worker, compensation should also be given to their family members. \"Last month, a worker died in Dhanbad but no compensation was given to his family,\" said Singh.The paramedics also demonstrated along with the NRHM contract workers on Friday. Earlier on October 2 the paramedics under the banner of the All Jharkhand Para Medical Association went on a hunger strike. They gheraoed the secretariat and submitted the memorandum to principal secretary, health services, K Vidyasagar. \"There are total 12,000 people with us from all the districts and most of them are women. The NRHM contract workers are also with us,\" said president All Jharkhand Paramedical Association Dharmendra Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16691347", "title": "It's Suvarna Vidhana Soudha now", "text": "BELGAUM: Bowing to public demand, the government has decided to name Suvarna Soudha as Suvarna Vidhana Soudha, said KG Bopaiah, Speaker, legislative assembly.Speaking after doing a survey of Suvarna Vidhana Soudha on Friday, Bopaiah said, \"All the work is complete except the cleaning part which will be done in a couple of days. The house is ready for the session.\"The new name for the building was taken into consideration after a meeting with ministers and senior officials. The building inauguration is expected to bring together many former CMs under one roof. \"Former chief ministers like HD Deve Gowda, SM Krishna, HD Kumaraswamy , BS Yeddyurappa, Veerappa Moily, Dharam Singh, Sadananda Gowda and MLAs, MLCs, MPs, legislative assembly speakers and legislative council chairmen will be invited,\" added Bopaiah.Urban development and law minister Suresh Kumar who also spoke on the occasionblamed the Cauvery crisis on the stepmotherly treatment of the Centre towards Karnataka. He said though there is not sufficient water in Karnataka, the Centre was insisting that water be released to Tamil Nadu. He said that all the important issues related to Cauvery water is being taken after consulting opposition leaders too. On legal adviser Fali S Nariman, who represents Karnataka in the Cauvery river dispute, Suresh Kumar, said, \"Nariman has been there for the past many years and he represented the state during the Congress regime. He is doing a good job, there is no question of replacing him.\"The central government before taking decision should also see the ground reality in Karnataka, he said. \"Nearly 140 taluks in Karnataka are facing drought problem. When this is the prevailing condition, how can we give 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu,\" asked Suresh Kumar. On the Karnataka bandh on Saturday, he said the government would take care to maintain law and order in the state. The buses will run and if anyone is found disturbing the law and order situation they will be dealt with severely, added Suresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16693935", "title": "Discreet inquiry against Congress minimum nearly over", "text": "MUMBAI: As the Anti-Corruption Bureau sought the state's nod to probe Sunil Tatkare, the total tally of pending ACB requests for investigating sitting ministers rose to three. The bureau sought a go-ahead to probe public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal three months ago and medical education minister Vijaykumar Gavit three years ago.ACB sources said the agency is about to complete a discreet inquiry against a fourth minister: a Congress leader facing allegations for his role in the Coalgate scam. \"A request for a fourth open inquiry will be forwarded to the state soon,\" said an ACB official.A close aide of former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, Tatkare is accused of cornering 7,500 acres of farmland by creating front companies. He is accused of misusing his power and authority, as the state water resources and irrigation minister, to grant arbitrary sanctions for irrigation projects. \"I do not want to speak on the matter (either the inquiry or allegations) right now since it is in court,\" Tatkare told TOI.The request on Tatkare is bound to add to the worries of the government as it dithers on the previous two appeals. ACB sleuths said the prolonged official inaction shows lack of political will in the government. As it is, a sanction file needs to travel through a long, winding route\u2014first through the home department to the general administration department to secretaries of the departments concerned to the chief secretary and finally to the chief minister. Worst of all, there is no independent mechanism to expedite or assist in the process.\"We expect the government's nod to ideally come in less than two months, which is enough for the government to study a case properly. Beyond this, if the government takes time, it only shows a deliberate attempt to sit on the inquiry application,\" said a senior ACB official.The permission for a probe against Gavit, sources pointed out, is pending before the state since May 14, 2009. In the case of Bhujbal, the ACB filed the request letter on July 18, 2012, and it is said to have reached the chief minister's table. \"The departments (including the PWD, home and chief secretary) have given their view. It is now awaiting the CM's green signal,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16693563", "title": "Southwest rains bring cheer to Krishna district ryots", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The efforts of the farmers in Krishna district has paid off. Though the kharif season began on a sour note, the farmers are relieved due to the abundant rains during the final phase of south-west monsoon.The delta farmers were worried because of scanty rainfall and insufficient water releases from canals. They took a calculated risk by going for paddy cultivation as transplantations were completed in nearly 2.45 lakh hectares as against the normal acreage of 2.57 hectares in the district.The district received almost 40% surplus rainfall by the end of September bringing the cheer back for the paddy ryots. The district received 9.57 cm of rain since June 1 against the normal rainfall of 6.85 cm. Though next 30 days are crucial, the agriculture department is hopeful of getting a normal or even higher production from the district this season as the delta region is expected to get another round of rains in November. According to sources, the state government has prepared contingency plans to release water from Nagarjunasagar for the delta in case of dire need in the coming months as the water reserves at Sagar have reached satisfactory levels. While the water level at Sagar touched nearly 528 ft, the levels at Srisailam were steady at 864 ft.\"The present spell of rains are sufficient for next few weeks as the rains have moistened the soil well and it would be enough to nourish the crops for some time,\" pointed out a senior agriculture officer. Also, the delta canals received water as there were heavy rains in the Godavari region. Though it is too early to predict the production, the kharif season ending on a positive note is a big relief for the farmers,\" said Prasad, joint director of agriculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16692131", "title": "Sewage makes life miserable for Maruti Vihar residents", "text": "GURGAON: Overflowing sewage has made life miserable for residents of Maruti Vihar, an area near Sushant Lok in the city. Thanks to the choked sewerage lines, the sewage water has spread all over the colony. The residents claimed that the colony has been abandoned by civic agencies and neither HUDA not MCG officials pay heed to their complaints. \"I live on the ground floor and no one in the family can sit in the living room because of the foul smell emanating from the sewage,\" said Parinda Mewar, a homemaker. The unhygienic state of the colony was worsened by the accumulation of rainwater resulting in the sewage water covering the roads and the footpath. \"Now the situation is such that even parking one's car is a big problem because one has to walk in muddy water to come home and it is disgusting,\" she said. The residents blamed the internal politics of the society members for the bad condition of the colony. The colony was constructed by the society on land allotted by the state government. \"The society has been dissolved and the administration has been handed over to the registrar of cooperative societies in Chandigarh. Now we don't know whom to approach and the condition is getting worse by the day,\" said Vinay, a resident of the colony. Two years ago he had purchased the flat in the colony considering its location. The colony is located in the main city all the main places like the market, Sahara Mall and MG Metro station are at a walking distance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16690829", "title": "Can Harbhajan Singh do a Kumble? Yes, says Anil", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can off-spinner Harbhajan Singh rustle up enough new tricks at this stage of his career to thwart the competition and impress India's revamped selection committee?Once considered the heir apparent to spin mainstay Anil Kumble , Harbhajan's formidable wicket-taking abilities have been in gradual decline since his senior's retirement.Things came to a boil with the Trent Bridge Test last year and he was dropped. But positive returns on his international comeback in the World T20 game against England \u2014 where he conjured up India's best-ever bowling performance in T20Is \u2014 have raised hopes of the feisty sardar rediscovering his zing.Although still a far cry from the cocky, self-assured Harbhajan of the past who used to outwit opponents like Ricky Ponting almost at will, the first few steps towards a second wind seem to have been taken.Kumble himself is hoping that Harbhajan will not be lost in transition, a fate which befalls many a journeyman cricketer.\"You can never discount Harbhajan,\" Kumble said on Friday, \"He's only 32. It's the right age for a spinner to mature. He already has 400-plus (406) Test wickets, which is extraordinary.\"Kumble is hoping that Harbhajan will do a, well, Kumble. During his playing days, India's highest Test wicket-taker suffered a mid-career 'slump' post shoulder surgery, amid intense criticism of being an underachiever away from home.Of course, the 'slump' was only relative given Kumble's lofty standards, but the bowler retorted by developing a more orthodox googly. He also gave his flipper that extra edge and went on to bag 270 wickets from his last 56 Tests. This included a 24-wicket haul on the 2003-04 tour Down Under, that too after missing the first Test.Kumble's persistence was legendary but is Harbhajan similarly willing to go that extra mile to regain the lustre? The 98-Test man managed just 13 wickets at 43.53 in his last five Tests (in England and the Caribbean) before the axe.Even at home, Harbhajan had been steadily losing the edge: His last 27 home Tests fetched 118 wickets at 33.50, with only 4 five-wicket and a solitary 10-wicket performance.In contrast, his first 25 home Tests saw him capture 140 wickets at 24.16, with 14 five-fors and 3 ten-wicket hauls.Harbhajan was always someone who needed a bit of assistance from the pitch but he was now bowling the quicker ones too often, the top spinners too flat. His doosra and conventional off-breaks seemed to be losing their edge.His trajectory seemed defensive. Importantly, he seemed to lack Kumble's steel.Soon, he eased into the role of a containing bowler rather than the attacking option he used to be. \"Harbhajan is taking important steps to getting back to being his best and I think he will play a major role for India in future,\" Kumble, here to sign an MOU with Ryan International School for delivering cognitive-based sports video training manuals, said.In recent times, Kumble has been earnestly calling for Harbhajan to be given more opportunities. \"Harbhajan is competitive and skilled. He lost a bit of confidence and the only way to regain it is to be part of the team,\" he had told the BCCI's website. \"It's just a matter of time before he is back to his best. He hasn't lived up to the high standards expected of him.\"Certainly, Bhajji is trying to emulate Kumble again. He has gone back to the drawing board, so to speak, running in slower, shortening his run-up, bringing a new calm and trying to boost his confidence through 'visualisation' programmes. The stint with Essex seems to have brought some of the enjoyment back too. Can Harbhajan turn it around fast enough to count?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16692054", "title": "Panchas walk out of meet with Rahul", "text": "SRINAGAR: A congregation of over 4,000 panchayat members met the Congress party's general secretary Rahul Gandhi at the lawns of the Sher-e-Kashmir international convention complex on Friday in the backdrop of two panchayat members being killed in September.\"Rahul Gandhi told us that he had instructed state Congress chief Saifuddin Soz and senior Congress functionary Mohan Prakash to take up the issue of the empowering panchayats and had discussed the issue of security of panchayat members with the state's chief minister Omar Abdullah ,\" said Aftab Beg, the sarpanch of Kralvat in Tangmarg in Kuzar block.A lot of members were not satisfied with Rahul Gandhi's response and walked out of the meeting. Some members conveyed their displeasure about how state CM was dealing with the empowering of the panchayats and about the security cover being provided to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16693618", "title": "Railway passengers seldom follow up cases", "text": "CHENNAI: Railway passengers who lose their valuables on trains file a police complaint and forget about it. The cases are often not taken forward because the passenger doesn't make inquiries about the status of the investigation.Though the railways has a special cell to deal with all kinds of queries under RTI, including those on the status of investigations , only 10% of applications received are from passengers. The rest are from railway employees who want to find out details about their service benefits.According to official notifications from Indian Railways and Southern Railway, passengers can ask anything about railway operations under the RTI act. Moreover, railway centres have dedicated offices to deal with inquiries and petitions. \"Out of 500 RTI petitions we receive a month, 90% are from railway employees asking questions about their service issues, delays in promotions and orders. Less than 10% of the complaints are from passengers,\" said a senior railway official.As per the railway rules, passengers need not to run to the nearest police station to file a complaint. \"Railway rules clearly say that the ticket examiners are supposed to receive complaints from passengers. Also it is the duty of the investigation officer to shift a case to the right office instead of asking the passenger to go there. All these rules are being violated as a majority of train passengers are ignorant of their rights,\" the official said.To know the status of a complaint or to find out the reservation quota for a train from the nearest station or to identify major lapses in a recently introduced system, passengers can send their RTI petitions to this address: Public relations officer, Southern Railway headquarters, Chennai. For more details about filing a petition, passengers may visit www.southernrailway .com or contact 044-2535535 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693655", "title": "Don\u2019t need Kingfisher\u2019s sympathies, say relatives", "text": "NEW DELHI: Surrounded by the media, Manas Chakraborty tries hard to fight the tears in his eyes. His hands are folded as he implores, \"I am shocked and traumatized by the incident. I request you not to bother me now. Aamake ektu shomoi din (Give me some time),'' he says in Bengali.A Kingfisher Airlines technician, Manas came home on Wednesday night to find his wife Sushmita hanging in a room at their single-bedroom DDA flat in Manglapuri, Palam. Like many other employees of the strapped company, Manas hadn't received his salary for the past five months. The fear that he might lose his job seems to be the main reason for his wife's death, as her suicide note suggests (TOI has a copy of it).Manas, 48, had retired from the IAF four years ago and spent most of his savings on buying the small flat they lived in. A substantial amount was also spent on the education of his son, a second-year engineering student in Silchar. He was likely to join the family on Friday evening to attend his mother's last rites.Relatives of Manas-Sushmita said that they had been contacted by Kingfisher officials but do not need their sympathies. \"They have expressed their sympathies on the incident. But we want to tell them that their sympathies are not needed. Sushmita's death is linked to their financial decisions,'' said a family member.Sushmita's suicide note, written in Bengali, says, \"I am responsible for my own death. I am not eligible for pardon... I cannot seek forgiveness from myself. I love my husband very much but I cannot give him anything in return. My husband's job is under threat and his office is on the verge of being shut. He has not received salary for several months and I cannot bear to see anyone or anything harming my husband. Whenever I made mistakes, he never rebuked me and always pardoned me.''Sushmita signed off using her pet name Shampa in Bangla. She also wrote her name in English at the end. The note was written on the page of a diary, dated December 4, 2004 and is exactly a page long. The couple's neighbours are unsure why Sushmita did this just two weeks before her son was to return for the Puja vacations. \"I do not know why Shampa, who was so much attached to her son, took such a drastic step suddenly,'' said a neighbour, not wishing to be identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693877", "title": "Fraudster dupes jewellery store staff in Gomtingar", "text": "LUCKNOW: A youth duped the sales executive of a jewellery store in Gomtinagar and made away with gold jewellery worth over Rs 5 lakh on Friday. The incident took place at Abhushan - a jewellery store at Mithai crossing. A youth entered the jewellery store and asked the sales man behind the counter - Sumit to show him some heavy gold chains.The youth failed to shortlist a single gold chain among more than two dozen pieces that the salesman showed him and asked Sumit to show some more. It was here that he asked the lone guard at the shop - Ajay - to get him a glass of water. By the time the guard could get him water and the salesman Sumit could return with some exclusive gold chains from the main locker safe kept towards the inner side of the shop, the youth left the scene. It was only after Sumit returned to the sales counter with more gold chains that he found a number of chains that he had displayed before the customer, missing.The owner of the jewellery store Swati Agarwal who was present inside the showroom but sitting behind the cash counter, did see the youth choosing gold chains, but was busy going through the books of accounts, when the youth walked out of the shop in confident strides leaving hardly any suspicion in her mind of some foul play.She later lodged an FIR with the local police in connection with the incident. The police are scanning the CCTV footage and collecting all possible details to establish the identity of the youth. The jewellery store owner was though yet to provide the police with the exact value of the gold chains that the fraudster had made away with, but the total cost was estimated to be more than Rs 5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16693220", "title": "Central govt should take over Gosikhurd work", "text": "If and when it is finally built, Gosikhurd will stand less as an irrigation project and more as monument to government apathy, ineptitude and corruption. It is unfortunate that a project that by itself could have transformed agrarian economy of the region lies in such tatters. First, persistent neglect by Maharashtra government deprived it of funds. Then, when governor's directives and Central help brought in some money, it was siphoned off by a contractor-politician nexus. It has run the project completely aground. Perhaps, as an exceptional case, Central government should completely take it over. That may be the only way the project would ever be complete.Related story : Gosikhurd work on standstill since 6 months", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692512", "title": "Cops close Mantralaya case, call fire a mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: More than three months after it was entrusted to investigate the Mantralaya fire, the crime branch is all set to close the case on the grounds that it was an accident and there was no sabotage.A day after fire devastated three Mantralaya floors on June 21, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan asked the crime branch to investigate the matter and examine the possibility of sabotage in view of allegations made by the leader of the opposition, Eknath Khadse.\"We made an in-depth probe, studied the report submitted by the Mumbai fire brigade, interacted with structural engineers and forensic officials. We have come to the conclusion that there was no sabotage and it was purely an accident. In view of our findings, we are in the process of submitting a report to the home department,\" a senior crime branch officer told TOI on Friday.Besides recording the statements of 100-odd Mantralaya employees, crime branch officers had a prolonged interaction with senior fire brigade and forensic officials. The fire brigade, which submitted a report to municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte on June 30, was unable to find the cause of fire, but mentioned that there was an absence of fire safety measures.The fire brigade passed strictures against the public works department for its failure to conduct drills and for not replacing old equipment. It also recommended a series of measures to improve the building's fire fighting system.Khadse's allegation was that the fire was not an accident and was a deliberate act to ensure that key files pertaining to scams were gutted. He was supported by BJP leader Devendra Phadnis. Later, they lodged an FIR at the Marine Drive police station against the general administration department led by Chavan and the public works department led by Chhagan Bhujbal for dereliction of duty.On the Mantralaya's makeover plan, a bureaucrat said the cabinet had approved Rs 86 crore for the repair and restoration of the fourth, fifth and six floors, while Rs 24 crore would be utilized for repairs to the ground, first, second and third floors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16692585", "title": "Endosulfan victims seek action against Karnataka Cashew Development Corporation officials", "text": "MANGALORE: The Endosulfan Virodhi Horatha Samiti has demanded the state government to take action against all managing directors and officials of Karnataka Cashew Development Corporation (KCDC) right from year 1980 to 2000. The KCDC had undertaken aerial spraying of cashew plantations in the four taluks in these two decades. The Samiti is spearheading the cause of people affected in 92 villages in those four taluks of the district due to alleged endosulfan poisoningThe samithi's president Sridhar Gowda told TOI, \"We also want the government to recover the expenses incurred on survey and also rehabilitation from these officials. He alleged they indulged in this act knowing well of the effects of endosulfan.The RTI queries by Sanjeeva Kabaka from Puttur, who is also a consumer activist, gives details of KCDC warning villagers through newspaper advertisements just three days before the aerial spraying was carried out. The advertisement released on November 21, 1980 by the deputy conservator of forests, KCDC, Puttur stated that aerial spraying would be undertaken between November 24 and December 15, 1980. It also gave the areas where the cashew plantations are located and warned villagers that the chemical is highly poisonous and not to allow animals to graze anywhere near the cashew plantations for 10 days after the spraying is done.Sanjeeva said the KCDC washed its hands off with just a paper publication at a time when information was not reaching villagers. He added that villagers cannot be blamed as none knew the effects of the insecticide earlier.Sridhar added, \"The KCDC knew that the chemical was highly poisonous, but despite that they went ahead with aerial spraying for almost 20 years. They should be brought to the book and the rehabilitation costs should be recovered from them.''Ivan D'Souza, who was the KCDC chairman between 1996 and 1999 said, \"During my tenure no spraying was done. It had stopped a year or two prior to my assuming charge.\"When asked about the samithi's demand, Ivan, who is also a lawyer, said, \"If at all endosulfan was responsible, it was used as per the recommendation of a committee, which comprises scientists from Cashew Research Centre. We are lay people and take decisions based on recommendations to enhance production in the plantations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16692335", "title": "5 of family get death for 'honour killing' of 2010", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two years after a teenage couple were tortured and electrocuted to death by the girl's family as they were against her marrying into a scheduled caste, a trial court on Friday handed down death penalty to five members of the family.Police had found the blood-stained bodies of Asha, 19, and Yogesh, 20, on June 14, 2010, at her uncle's house. The duo had been thrashed with wooden logs and sanitary pipes, bound and given electric shocks.\"...Cold blooded, brutal murders through electrocution have been committed even as there was no provocation on behalf of the victims, making it a rarest of rare case, which calls for no punishment other than capital punishment,\" additional sessions judge Ramesh Kumar Singhal said. The five convicts \u2014 Asha's parents Suraj and Maya, her uncle Om Prakash , his wife Khushboo and cousin Sanjeev \u2014 were fined Rs 20,000 each as well.\"The offence was not only inhuman and barbaric but the savage nature of the crime has shocked the judicial conscience,\" the judge said.'Brutality of offence rules out leniency'Rejecting the convicts' plea for lenience, the court said the fact that the convicts belonged to a poor family or that they have minor children could not be a mitigating factor keeping in view the manner in which the offense was committed. \"Just like a flower has got its own unique fragrance, colour and appearance, both the victims had their own plans for life that lay ahead. It is clear from the evidence that both victims intended to marry each other but the convicts snatched their lives prior to fulfilment of their dreams.\"According to the prosecution, Yogesh, a taxi driver, and Asha, were neighbours in Gokulpuri. A few days before the crime, Asha had told her mother that she loved Yogesh wanted to marry him. On June 13, 2010, Asha called Yogesh to her uncle Om Prakash's house, saying they wanted to talk about their marriage. Yogesh reached Prakash's house in Swaroop Nagar along with his brother-in-law Rakesh.Soon enough, the issue of caste came up and Asha's parents began manhandling Yogesh and Rakesh after which the duo fled. The next morning, Rakesh went back to Prakash's house which was locked and police and locals had gathered outside. On breaking open the lock, police found Yogesh and Asha's bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16692786", "title": "Unidentified vehicle kills biker", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There is no respite from hit and run cases in the city. In one of the recent hit-and-run case, a 25-year-old man was killed after his motor-cycle was mowed down by an unidentified vehicle near sector 36-37 dividing point on late Thursday night.\"The deceased was identified as Upinder Singh Rawat, resident of sector 56. He was returning home after meeting a friend when this accident happened. His motor-cycle, with registration number CH-01AJ-9973 was badly damaged in this accident,\" said a one of the investigation officers of the case.\"There was no eye-witness in the case and one of the motorists called police control room on seeing the injured man lying on the road. Police took him to the PGIMER where duty doctor declared him brought dead. We are trying to find someone who had passed through that stretch when this accident happened,\" he added.Rawat had recently completed his studies and was looking for a job. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16693837", "title": "Water sports operators, CM hold talks", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa water sports operators have welcomed chief minister Manohar Parrikar's initiative to address their concerns after their association members met the chief minister on Thursday evening.The water sports operators expressed happiness over the talks they had with Parrikar which they described as fruitful. They said that they were hopeful that assurances given by Parrikar would be fulfilled in the proposed water sports policy likely to come out next week.Addressing mediapersons on Friday, the water sports operators along with independent MLA Vijai Sardesai expressed satisfaction after their meeting with the chief minister. They revealed that Parrikar agreed that the 5% commission, that was to be collected by the Goa tourism development corporation (GTDC) from their earnings, would be dropped from the proposed GTDC empanelment plan.Sardesai was critical of GTDC chairman Nilesh Cabral and claimed that Cabral was unable to dispel concerns of the operators, adding that it was Parrikar who explained to them that the GTDC plans to empanel water sports operators was being implemented in order to bring discipline in the GTDC system of operations.\"No one is opposed to the government wanting to regularize on grounds such as safety and too many water sport operators in one place,\" said Sardesai. The independent MLA stressed that although water sports operators were not his voters, he was supporting their cause as he wanted Goans 'to rule the roost' in this trade and not outsiders.The water sports operators have also decided to write a fresh letter to Parrikar that will be submitted to him on Monday for his consideration before the government announces the water sports policy as there were still issues that needed clarifications.\"The captain of ports has instructed operators that they have to adhere strictly to the queue system. There is some confusion here as for example, when the GTDC empanels the operators, the customers of GTDC and private operators would be different, thereby creating confusion of a common queue system,\" said association president Domingos Rodrigues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16691043", "title": "BJP delegation to meet PM tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP on Friday announced that its delegation headed by national general secretary HN Ananth Kumar would meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on October 7 to seek the stoppage of release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu.After a meeting comprising state BJP president KS Eshwarappa, chief minister Jagadish Shettar, former CM DV Sadananda Gowda, deputy CM R Ashoka, MP Prahalad Joshi, party organizing secretary Santosh and Kumar here on Friday, the party resolved to extend support to the Karnataka bandh on Saturday. \"The delegation will include MPs and some prominent personalities in the party,\" Joshi told reporters. BS Yeddyurappa doesn't figure in the list.\"The party expects a favourable decision from the PM early next week. Or else, the BJP will also join the protest,\" he said.Meanwhile, Yeddyurappa who is staging a dharna against release of Cauvery water, is planning a padayatra from Bangalore to KRS dam on October 7. Staging a dharna at the Gandhi statue here, he lashed out at four central ministers --- SM Krishna, Mallikarjuna M Kharge, KH Muniyappa and M Veerappa Moily -- and demanded their resignation for not doing enough for Karnataka with regard to Cauvery.Yeddyurappa told Made Gowda: \"I was born in Mandya; I have to give back something to the district by participating in your protest. I am ready to resign as an MLA for the sake of farmers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16691391", "title": "Six projects get government nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gearing up for the 2013 elections, the Delhi government cleared six projects worth Rs 1,136 crore on Friday. As part of the projects, over 7,500 rooms will be built for construction labourers and 3,600 dwelling units will be constructed for the poor.The projects, to be implemented under Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewable Mission (JNNRUM), were approved at a meeting of the state-level steering committee on JNNURM headed by chief minister Sheila Dikshit . After the meeting, Dikshit said Rs 906 crore will be spent on the construction of 7,672 rooms having dormitory facilities for labourers involved in construction work. The committee also approved a housing project under which 3,600 dwelling units will come up for the economically weaker sections at Kanjhawala. The units are estimated to cost Rs 229.83 crore.\"The move will help in making Delhi slum free,\" said a senior officer, emphasizing the need to provide accommodation to workers who come from all over the country and put up at slums. The proposed dormitories, however, will be given on a rental basis to firms and contractors for stay of migrant workers.A total of 3,052 rooms will be constructed at Kanjhawala under two separate projects while another 4,620 rooms will come up in the Samaspur area. The government also plans to provide vocational and skill development training to labourers during their stay in the dormitories. The project to construct 3,600 dwelling units will be implemented by the government's premier infrastructure development agency DSIIDC while tenders will be floated for the construction of dormitories.The Committee also gave ex-post facto approval to DMRC for the purchase of 228 non air-conditioned mini feeder buses. Earlier, it had given its nod to the purchase of air-conditioned mini feeder buses. The 228 mini buses would be deployed to provide an effective transport link for passengers between metro stations to and fro nearby colonies.The meeting was attended by all ministers in the Delhi government, the mayor of South Delhi Municipal Corporation and a number of MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691162", "title": "Cop dies in road accident", "text": "NAGPUR: A police constable, attached to rural police, died on the spot after his car was hit by a truck near Dahegaon, on Nagpur-Saoner Road, on Thursday. Prakash Tale, who was earlier deployed at police headquarters, had joined rural police as ex-serviceman in March 2000.Tale had served in various capacities with wireless wing and special squad for highway. An offence was registered at Khaparkheda police station against truck driver Keshavrao Sable who has been taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jamalpur", "code": "16692998", "title": "Truant schoolboy keeps cops on toes", "text": "JAMALPUR: High drama was witnessed in the house of Sandeep Kapoor when his 12-year-old son Sanchit Kapoor reportedly went missing on Friday afternoon. In their police complaint, the family stated that Sanchit, a student of Ryan International School, left for school in the morning, but did not return home and when they contacted the school authorities, they came to know that Sanchit had not attended school that day. Feeling apprehensive, the family contacted police.Additional Commissioner of Police Sushil Kumar said on receiving information, police immediately swung into action. All police stations and PCRs were alerted and checkpoints were installed at various points. \"Cops of Ludhiana commissionerate were also informed,\" he said, adding that the victim's family had not received any ransom call. Kumar said after preliminary investigation they had come to know that Sanchit's father was a property dealer and he hailed from a middle-class family.Commissioner of police Ishwar Singh also visited the family. However, suspense on the disappearance of Sanchit ended in the evening when some PCR cops found a boy roaming on the road wearing a school uniform. On asking, they came to know that the boy was Sanchit. \"When we asked him about his disappearance, he told us that when he reached school, two boys meet him and he went with them to play,\" DCP Gurpreet Singh Toor said, adding that though it did not seem like a kidnapping case, they would still investigate the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16695125", "title": "World Bank, India sign $500 mn loan deal for Shiksha Abhiyan", "text": "NEW DELHI: World Bank, the multilateral lending agency, and the government of India on Friday signed a loan agreement worth USD 500 million for Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan (RMSA) in the country.\"An agreement between Government of India and the World Bank for loan of USD 500 million (equivalent) from World Bank for the Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan (RMSA) was signed,\" an official statement said.The project will help to achieve increased and more equitable access to good quality secondary education through support of the government's ongoing programme for secondary education as delineated in the RMSA framework, it said.The agreeement was signed by Prabodh Saxena, joint secretary, department of economic affairs and Onno Ruhl, country director, World Bank, among others.\"The Bank's support is being provided through a Sector Wide Approach, so there are no separate components, but this section describes the different types of activities which will be supported with the Framework,\" the statement said.RMSA represents a systemic shift in the way secondary education is planned, managed and financed in India and it has a vision to make secondary education available, accessible and affordable to all young persons, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691310", "title": "Nagpur University to recall its officials with Gondwana University", "text": "NAGPUR: In a huge setback to the newly constituted Gondwana University (GU), the Nagpur University (NU) has planned to call back eight of its vastly experienced employees who had gone to GU on lean. According to sources, the move is the fallout of the strained relationship between the vice chancellors of the two universities after dirty politics over UGC's Model College.It is learnt, the two universities also had differences over land issue and finance. GU had accused NU of non-cooperation on all fronts despite the fact that it was formed after bifurcation of the latter. The NU too had accused GU of taking over its property in Gadchiroli without consultation.According to sources, those who have been called back by the NU include deputy registrar Manish Zodape, assistant registrar Kailash Jadhav, superintendents Rajendra Pathak and Vinod Dhabekar, selection grade clerks Vilas Pancham and Arun Hatwar and upper decision clerk Anand Meshram. Senior-most official, GU finance officer BS Rathod, has been exempted for some time.Sources said that the recall letters would be dispatched to them soon. \"The recall of this experienced employees will severely cripple functioning of the GU, which is already struggling to conduct its first examination in November-December,\" sources added.GU registrar Vinayak Irpate stated that he had heard the news from his employees and termed it as \"revengeful attitude\" on part of NU officials. He stated they will file a complaint with the government in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16693055", "title": "Lawyers 'assault' cop", "text": "MALDA: The Malda court turned into a battleground on Friday after a group of lawyers raised their voice against a police official, accused of snatching and abduction, for allegedly carrying his own case file. Later a huge force led by the DSP came to the rescue of SI Kajal Chatterjee of Habibpur police station.The SI had allegedly picked up an accused, Kumud Mandal, from the court in September before his bail plea could be heard. He was allegedly taken to an undisclosed location and roughed up. \"Even his valuables like mobile phone, gold ring, wristwatch and cash were snatched,\" said lawyer Debkishore Majumder, vice president of Malda Bar Association.At night, he was taken to Modipukur health centre for a medical test, but the report there too was 'doctored' in the presence of police,\" Majumder alleged.A complaint was lodged against Chatterjee and four others on September 16.On Friday, the lawyers saw Chatterjee carrying the files of his own case, confined him in a room and demanded that he be arrested.Tension was mounting up and finally huge force led by DSP came to rescue Chatterjee.Chatterjee alleged that he was assaulted by the lawyers, while the lawyers said are going to file complaint against SI. SP Jayanta Pal said: \"We are looking into the case.\"Malda Court turned battleground with the clash between policemen and the lawyers. Lawyers alleged that a police sub inspector accused with the charge of snatching and abduction, was carrying the file of the case. The Sub-Inspector was confined in a room of a court and the lawyers were showing agitation before the huge force led by DSP came to rescue the SI. Both the lawyers and policemen were going to lodge complaint against each other.The strife between police and lawyers traced its origin on 14th September. Police of Habibpur Police Station lodged a case against one Kumud Mandal of Bamangola regarding a land dispute. In this case 18 others were accused but all of them got bail. Mandal appealed for a bail to Chief Judicial Magistrate and his papers were submitted around 10 am to the court on 14th September. As per law Mandal was in the custody of the court since then and the CJM was supposed to hear his bail plea at 2 pm. But to the surprise of lawyers, police from Habibpur police station arrested Mandal around 12.30 pm from the court premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691165", "title": "Two burglars, bike thief nabbed", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch team nabbed a vehicle lifter and two others for burglary in separate cases and seized a motorcycle, a car and some valuables.Praful Gangekar, 25, who has several vehicle lifting offences registered at Wardha, was trapped while trying to sell a four-wheeler stolen from Badnera in Amravati. He also has a bike theft case against him at Sitabuldi police station. The bike has been recovered from Gangekar.In another case, police detected three cases of burglaries after arresting a notorious thief Yogesh Bante and his accomplice Gurulal Sharma. Two mobile phones and some silver ornaments have been recovered from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692705", "title": "Banasthali unrest: Warden, ambulance driver held", "text": "JAIPUR: Student unrest at Banasthali Vidyapeeth in Tonk's Niwai area refused to die down on Friday even as the police arrested two persons, a hostel warden for locking up two girls in a room on Thursday evening and an ambulance driver for molesting a girl on September 13.The university campus turned into a fortress with heavy police presence, with women cops being called from Ajmer, Nagaur and Tonk districts.The Rajasthan State Women Commission, police and district administration officials, though, admitted to the flaws in the existing security system at the university.Throughout the day, girls shouted slogans against the university administration. Some, though, distanced themselves from the agitation saying that the rape allegations were an attempt to malign the university's image.Over 5000 girls demonstrated on the campus on Thursday alleging rape of two students - one pursuing BTech and the other studying in class XI. Mystery, however, prevailed over the identity of the victims.Neither the girls, nor their family members have so far come forward to substantiate the claims made by the protesting students. The university administration has brushed off the allegations as rumours.However, on Friday another girl claimed that she was molested by an ambulance driver on September 13 after she had fainted and was rushed to the campus hospital. The police arrested the driver identified as Nehru on molestation charges.Warden of Shanta Paleyam hostel Lalita was also arrested. She had allegedly locked up two students of Class 12 on Thursday evening to prevent them from speaking with the police. SP S Parimala had freed these students on Thursday night. Besides FIRs against the warden and the ambulance driver, police also registered a complaint against unidentified men for sexual exploitation of the girls on the campus.Rajasthan state women commission's chairperson Ladkumari Jain announced to set up a committee which will probe the matter and hand over a report in 10 days.A team of National Commission for Women will also visit the university. Vice-chancellor Aditya Shashtri said an inquiry will be initiated by the university's sexual harassment committee and a retired judge. He even reportedly offered to step down following the controversy.A group of girl students gathered at the vice-chancellor's office in the morning and started raising slogans. They demanded action against those who were allegedly involved in the rape of the two girls. Some alleged the university administration is keeping some girls hostage to hush up the matter.\"Wardens are not allowing BTech students to come out of the hostel so that they cannot speak with others about the rape of the BTech student,\" a student stated in her police complaint on Friday.V-C Shastri, on the contrary, claimed that rumours regarding the rape incidents were being spread via SMSes on Thursday. He said an inquiry into the matter has been ordered.Police said they are yet to confirm the identity of the two girls who were allegedly raped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16694085", "title": "Watermelon cuts heart attack risk, weight gain", "text": "LONDON: A daily slice of watermelon can protect you from heart disease and weight gain by preventing the build-up of harmful cholesterol, according to a new study. Researchers from Purdue University in the US who carried out studies on mice fed a high-fat diet found the fruit halved the rate at which 'bad' low-density lipoprotein, or LDL, accumulated.LDL is a form of cholesterol that leads to clogged arteries and heart disease. The study found that the fruit also helped to control weight gain and resulted in fewer fatty deposits inside blood vessels, the Daily Mail reported. Researchers believe the secret to watermelon's health-boosting properties lies in citrulline, a chemical found in the juice.Previous studies have suggested citrulline has a role to play in heart disease prevention by lowering blood pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16693000", "title": "Grant for ex-servicemen who won non-gallantry awards", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy has agreed in-principle to give a one-time cash grant to ex-servicemen who won non-gallantry awards with retrospective effect from January 1, 1962. The impromptu decision was taken at the Civil Military Liaison Conference held here on Friday. The government also informed that the state maritime board will be up and running in a week's time.K K Govindan, director, Rajya Sainik Board, said 167 ex-servicemen had been identified and the state would have to shell out Rs 27 lakh for the cash grant. The CM, although reluctant at first, took the decision by saying, \"We agree to the demand,\" which was met with a roaring applause.K S Balasubramaniam, DGP, reviewed the law and order situation in the state. \"There are no major inputs on Maoist activity in Kerala, but a few occasional reports have trickled from the tri junction (where the borders of Karnataka, TN and Kerala intersect) and an India Reserve Battalion has been camping there for sometime,\" he said.The other demands put forth by the military, mostly for water, electricity and land, were treaded upon cautiously, with the chief minister suggesting that the military should consolidate their land demands across the state and hold talks with district collectors. The military requested the government for reservation in government, private and government-aided professional colleges for wards of serving personnel hailing from Kerala. The state provides 60% reservation at government colleges for the children of serving personnel. K Jayakumar, chief secretary, said the government can represent the matter to private self-financing colleges as well.The military also requested for exemption from Value Added Tax on canteen stores department goods costing less that Rs 1,000. The state reverted by saying it had consented to reduce VAT by 50%, but the military pointed out that 1.6 lakh ex-servicemen still live on a meagre pension of Rs 2,000. The Army also requested for an extension of additional rail facility at Kochuveli, stating that the present facility was hampering their operational preparedness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692657", "title": "Anxious parents rush to university", "text": "JAIPUR: The news of Banasthali students protesting against the administration on Thursday night splashed on various news channels triggered panic among parents and guardians of the students studying in the six-decade-old institute.The incident led to frantic phone calls to the university with parents seeking information about their children's safety.Some anxious parents, including a few who drove down from Delhi, reached the campus before sunrise.\"The administration is not responding to our phone calls, leaving us jittery,\" said Anand Sharma, a resident of Jaipur and a local guardian of a student at Banasthali. Sharma left for Niwai the moment he saw the news flashed on channels.The university has 5000 students enrolled from across the country and a few from abroad.Parents who stayed in other cities or didn't have a local guardian for their daughter/s repeatedly called them throughout the day. Some are even planning to withdraw the admission of their children from the university.Delhi-based Shyam Arora, whose daughter studies at Banasthali, told TOI over phone, \" \"I am leaving for Banasthali on Saturday morning. I will review the situation before deciding on bringing my daughter back to Delhi.\" He further adds it is very scary to know what has happened with girls in the institute which claims to be promoting value based education. He critised vice-chancellor, Aditya Shastri statement that Banasthali cant remain untouched with depleting social values proves that this institute is no different than other educational shops selling degrees.The first all girls deemed university houses a school and a college and boasts of illustrious alumni. Speaker Meira Kumar was a student at Banasthali which is one of the few institutes to have an aero club.is very reputed varsity with has ex-students like speaker Meera Kumari etc and boasts of even an aero club. Students allege that the campus has a reputation of covering up things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16682071", "title": "I just need that me-time: Dipannita Sharma", "text": "My personal de-stress mantra is I never felt the need for a particular meditation regimen. It's more about spending time with myself and the silence around me. Unless the task on hand is extremely important, I keep taking 15-minute breaks in between. Be it during work or before lunch, I need that 'me-time'. I also listen to a lot of music.In my leisure time I love to swim. I also travel and watch a lot of movies. Travel doesn't always mean going abroad \u2014 it could be anywhere, but I do it two-three times a year. My husband and I have undertaken two-three road trips \u2014 all impromptu \u2014 from Mumbai to Delhi and back. I also visit my hometown in Assam once a year. Reading is a good pastime, too. I don't limit myself to a particular genre. I am trained in Hindustani classical music and singing is something I do all the time.A cook or a foodie I am a huge foodie. I cook sometimes, but I'm not very fond of it. I'd call myself a fishetarian. I am a sweet-water fish person, because that's what we get in Assam. Though I have no favourite cuisine, I like Mediterranean, Chinese and Indian food. I try the local cuisine wherever I go. I enjoy eating out, going through the menu and ordering food.My hobbies I sing and travel. I also collect memorabilia, books and DVDs from around the world. But it's more about music. I also love dancing.Homebody or party animal I am a homebody. I don't drink because I am not fond of the taste of alcohol. And because of that, I don't like the club culture. But if it's a party at home that's just about music and dance, I don't mind it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16693755", "title": "First a morcha, then panic grips Bicholim's truck owners", "text": "BICHOLIM: Friday's Supreme Court order sent the dusty town of Bicholim in a tailspin only moments after the truck owners association had taken out a peaceful rally through it.Flooding TOI with statements decrying the SC order were Bicholim's citizens, including truck owners association president Boneck Dias, retired teacher Krishnanath Fogeri, truck owner and former Bicholim municipality chairperson Rajaram Gaonkar, social worker Naresh Kadkade, zilla panchayat member Shilpa Naik and jeep owner Govind Parab.Earlier in the day, the association submitted a memorandum to deputy collector Narayan Gaad and mamlatdar Chandrakant Shetkar. The association is e demanding that mining operations should be started at the earliest to accord them some monetary relief.The government officials promised the association to forward the memorandum to the central and state governments for further action.At the Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj maidan within the town, where the morcha wound up after travelling through Gaonkarwada, the bus stand, Atil Peth and Sundar Peth, Dias and other truck owners urged the government to get cracking on the matter. The others who spoke at the maidan were truck owner Satish Gaonkar and Tulshidas Chodankar.On the SC's order, Dias voiced the panic that has gripped his association members and many of the other mining-affected.He asked rhethorically how they were expected to pay their truck loan installments or even, just survive.All the citizens who issued statements have also expressed their profound concern over the SC judgment and have reiterated the strong need to start, at the earliest and at the very least, legal mining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "16693136", "title": "Environment-friendly exhibits drive Kundan Vidya Mandir School fair", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Aimed at helping citizens and kids learn the necessity of living green, around 1,000 students of Kundan Vidya Mandir (KVM) showcased 200 working models depicting the culmination of science and nuance of crafts in the annual art, science and computer exhibition held on the school premises on Friday.Students demonstrated their creativity and innovation in the exhibits which were categorized into different sections of science, commerce, social science, mathematics, art &amp; craft, computer science and home science.For student Viren Sood and his classmates it was a proud moment as their model \"Application for maths in home decoration\" will be showcased in the national level CBSE exhibition to be held on October 29 in Delhi.Students from both junior and senior sections exhibited their scientific aptitude through wonderful working models, including hydraulic systems, energy efficient house, fun with magnets, water treatment plant, probability games, ellipse, effects of global warming, working model of kidney, ozone depletion, eco house, among others.The home science section added spice and flavour to the exhibition as they dished out around 10 recipes, exhibiting the tastes all around the world. Meanwhile, the art and craft section manifested aestheticism at its best with beautiful paintings and handmade crafts, paper bags, candles and earthen pots. On the other hand, the computer science section was the hub of modern technology where students showcased eco friendly laptops and palmtops.Omkar Sharma, a physics teacher at the school, said, \"The exhibition aimed at educating the younger generation about alternative source of energy which can be used without exploiting the natural resources.\"Students Avika and Agrim of Class XII displayed a model which suggested how the Bhopal gas tragedy could have been averted. \"Me and my team researched the Bhopal gas tragedy under the guidance of my teachers. Our model suggests ways to avoid such a tragedy,\" explained the team.Sonia Verma, head of middle section at school, said, \"Each model is based on an idea and has been carved out of sheer hard work of the students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693433", "title": "Newsprint supplier knocks HC doors, seeks DC's winding up", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hong Kong-based newsprint supplier Adonis Limited has slapped a winding up petition against beleaguered Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) in the Andhra Pradesh high court over dues of around Rs 145 crore.The petition, filed under Sections 433 and 439 of the Companies Act 1956 read with Rule 95 of the Companies (Court) Rules 1959, states that DCHL is in grave financial constraints, has become commercially insolvent and non-viable and should be wound up in the interest of the public and creditors.Adonis Limited has also urged the HC to restrain DCHL and its officials from disposing of, alienating, encumbering, transferring or creating any third party rights or interest on the assets, properties and funds detailed in the fixed assets schedule of DCHL's 2010-11 balance sheet. The plea came up for hearing before Justice Ramesh Ranganathan and notices have been issued to DCHL. Adonis Limited, in its petition, said it had a long-standing 20-year relationship with DCHL, which defaulted on payments for shipments worth Rs 128.55 crore of newsprint made from the September 2011 to April 2012 period despite repeated reminders.\"The company (DCHL) has failed and neglected to make payments for various invoices raised between the period September 24, 2011, till April 2012 for 33,794.53 metric tonnes of newsprint totaling a sum of US$ 23,090,793.42 equivalent to Rs 128,55,46,964.73,\" Adonis said in the petition. It has also sought an interest of Rs 16,20,84,973.33 crore from DCHL.Pointing out that though earlier delays in payments by DCHL had been accommodated by Adonis keeping in mind their long-standing business relationship, Adonis said DCHL had failed to pay up for newsprint supplied in the September 2011-April 2012 period, for which invoices with similar credit periods of 60 to 90 days were raised, despite its promoters repeatedly acknowledging and admitting DCHL's liability.Adonis said DCHL vice-chairman T Vinayak Ravi Reddy had through letter dated March 29, 2012, acknowledged the outstanding bills and agreed to clear them before March 31, 2012 or at the latest by April 2012. Apart from this written assurance, several meetings took place from time to time between senior Adonis Ltd officials and DCHL directors including its chairman T Venkattram Reddy and Vinayak Ravi Reddy.According to Adonis, it later issued notices dated July 31, 2012, to Venkattram Reddy, Vinayak Ravi Reddy and PK Iyer to make payments and not dispose of DCHL's moveable and immovable assets, which were acknowledged by the three promoters.Adonis told the HC that these notices were followed by a demand notice dated August 18, 2012, to which Adonis received a reply dated September 8, 2012, from DCHL's advocate making \"all kinds of false allegations only with a view to avoiding consequences of a winding up petition for its inability to pay debts\".Alleging that in their reply notice DCHL's promoters desperately attempted to make false claims regarding the quality of the material supplied despite admitting receiving the goods, Adonis has contended that the falsity of their claims was clear from the fact that even after receipt of the August 18 notice DCHL promoters placed an order for further supply of material vide a letter dated September 4, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "sompeta", "code": "16693462", "title": "Unemployment forces couple to end lives", "text": "Sompeta: A couple, who migrated to Ahmedabad in Gujarat in search of employment after secretly marrying against the wishes of their families, committed suicide by hanging from a tree on the outskirts of Uppalam village in Sompeta mandal in Srikakulam district in the late hours of Thursday.Sources said severe financial problems and their parents' reluctance to accept their marriage had forced the couple to take the drastic step.The deceased were R Chinna Rao, 28, of Uppalam village and Sarada, 20, of Rushikudda village.Chinna Rao, a sales executive, fell in love with Sarada two years ago and expressed his desire to marry her. But Sarada's parents were dead against their relationship as they belonged to different castes. They confined her at home.Five months ago, the lovers eloped to Ahmedabad and married but failed to get any employment there.Sources said the worried couple pleaded their parents to accept their marriage and expressed their wish to come back so that they could lead a normal life in their native village. However, the parents did not relent.Anguished over their parents' attitude, Chinna Rao and Sarada came back to Uppalam on Thursday night and committed suicide by hanging themselves to a mango tree.Farmers found the bodies and alerted the cops. Police found a 15-page suicide note in which the couple did not blame anybody for their deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16693683", "title": "Corporators fight for land reservation", "text": "NASHIK: Corporators from the Shiv Sena remain adamant about retaining reservation of land meant for gardens, hospitals and other civic amenities.Shiv Sena corporator Komal Mehroliya said that she has to find out a way which can help the farmers. Three plots in her prabhag have been reserved for gardens.Another Shiv Sena corporator Shivaji Sahane said, \"I don't want any of the plots to be de-reserved. I am going to press this issue in the general body meeting. Under section 17 clause 1 of Land Acquisition Act, the corporation can take any land on urgency basis. For this, the corporation should take permission from the state. There are very few reservations for gardens in Nashik Road area and if these lands are de-reserved, there will be no gardens here.\"Giving his side of the story was independent corporator Damodar Mankar, in whose prabhag, land has been reserved for a garbage depot. \"I had given a memorandum last year to the commissioner that we don't want a garbage depot there. The reason is that the direction of the wind would carry the stench towards the city,\" he said. He added that the NMC did not even have the money to acquire the lands.However, corporator Hemant Godse of MNS, in whose prabhag land reservations are for hospitals, library and a police chowky, said, \"I don't think the lands would be de-reserved. All the reserved lands were included in the development plan. Had there been an option of transfer of development rights, the NMC would have been able to acquire it in time and development would have been quick.\" Vouching his support for development, he said that for public services, reservations should be there. \"But farmers should have got the money on time,\" he added.Corporator and group leader of Shiv Sena Ajay Boraste said that the NMC is dilly-dallying on the issue of land reservation. \"Our party has decided to file a review petition in the HC. It is a racket between the land acquisition officer, the NMC and the builders. But we will fight lawfully for the lands to remain reserved for the purpose that they have been reserved. The ruling party is not very serious about it. If they do not take any action, we will file a PIL against them, the NMC and the builders,\" he said.Shivaji Sahane of the Shiv Sena said that the SC has laid down guidelines that gardens, playgrounds, hospitals should not be de-reserved. \"But land owners should get appropriate remuneration for it,\" he said. He added that there were seven more plots with the 23 listed.The land reservation officers have blamed the NMC for not beginning the procedure in time. They said that only after the NMC initiated the process could officers follow up. A senior NMC official, on conditions of anonymity, agreed that it was NMC's fault to have not begun the process in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692737", "title": "Surgery must be considered for epilepsy patients: Experts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Experts advocate that surgery should be actively considered in patients suffering from severe epilepsy who have failed to respond to at least two drugs for two years. Significantly, an international expert on Parkinson's said that the disease gives out several non-motor symptoms beyond tremors years before, which if caught at an early stage, can help in early diagnosis and treatment.International epilepsy expert Jerome Engel of David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA , said that a recently conducted study of medical and surgical management of severely epileptic patients by them, revealed that surgery benefitted patients better.\"Nearly 85% of severely epileptic patients who underwent surgery were cured while none of those who were only put on medication benefitted. They continued to suffer seizures and led a disabled life,\" said Dr Engel.Dr Antony Lang, movement disorders expert from Canada , said that Parkinson sleep disorder, constipation, heart rate variability, lack of smell and depression and forgetfulness and some non-motor signs begin years before Parkinson's disease manifests as movement disorder. \"This is a significant breakthrough, as if these non-symptoms are collated early, early treatment of the Parkinson's would be possible,\" said organizing chairman of the neurology conference, Dr Sudhir Shah.Dr Engel said that doctors and patients the world over are highly skeptical about surgical management of epilepsy. In fact, most patients who come for surgery do so after 15-20 years when seizures have caused not only extensive damage to the brain, but have also highly compromised the patients on development of social skills.\"I specifically advocate that patients who do not respond very well to at least two drugs for two years, are ideal candidates for surgery. In most epilepsy patients, the temporal lobe is involved,\" said Engel. He said that while surgery carries a risk of verbal memory loss in patients when the temporal lobe is removed, patients who continue to have seizures also run a similar risk of suffering memory loss.Meanwhile, international expert on stroke Louis Caplan said that stroke is one of the biggest problems afflicting the Indian population. A big number of women who are anemic, underweight and are pregnant, suffer from stroke after delivery as some women are more prone to coagulation of blood which causes stroke.Dr Caplan said that there are a number of drugs and other advance devices which help in better management of stroke. \"There is one piece of equipment like a cork-screw, which helps effectively remove clots from the brain artery. There are also removable stents now, which expand the artery and help remove clots blocking blood supply to the brain,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693988", "title": "BSP books 11 rally special trains, makes railways richer by Rs 1 crore", "text": "LUCKNOW: The upcoming rally of the Bahujan Samaj Party is likely to make the Railways richer by at least one crore. BSP has booked as many as 11 rally special trains to bring its workers to the state capital, from different districts for the 'Rashtriya Sankalp Rally' to held on October 9, the death anniversary of Kanshi Ram.Railways have completed most of the arrangements for the rally, except a few minor ones like finalising the platform numbers of the regular trains on the rally day.\"We will notify that soon,\" said Ashwini Srivastava, senior DCM, Lucknow, (Northern Railway). BSP has asked Railways for 11 trains to let its workers move without hassles and without causing any public inconvenience. A train each has been booked from Agra, Ghaziabad, Meerut, Muzaffarnagar, Saharanpur, Deoria, Gorakhpur, Bijnore, Mau and Garhmukteshwar. The trains will have 16 to 18 coaches.Going by rough estimate, Railways will get approximately Rs 19 lakh per train (including the security money and fare). The rally will leave Railways richer roughly by more than a crore (Rs 1.65 crore). Apart from booking trains from different stations of UP, BSP has also booked a train from Chhattisgarh.To keep chaos at Charbagh station under check, while five of the rally special trains will operate from the Charbagh station, remaining will operate from Lucknow Junction station. The trains will start arriving from late evening of October 8 and almost all of them will arrive by early morning (8:00 am) on October 9. The rally special trains will start departing from 5 pm on October 9. After the departure of Shatabdi Express from the platform number 1, on October 9, the platform will be closed for the movement of regular trains. The change in the platform numbers of regular trains is likely to be announced in a day or two by the Railways.To make it convenient for regular passengers, Railways will open 10 extra ticket counters. Rally crowd will be held up in the holding area, and allowed to enter the station only when their train is ready to depart. The holding area, in all possibilities, will be made at Charbagh stadium. Rail officials are waiting for the district magistrate's consent on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16693012", "title": "Industrialist tests positive for H1N1", "text": "LUDHIANA: An industrialist tested positive for swine flu on Friday. State nodal officer for swine flu Dr Deepak Bhatia said: \"We received six samples and one tested positive for the flu. The patient was admitted to Mohandai Oswal Multi-speciality and Cancer Hospital in Ludhiana. With this, the total number of swine flu cases has reached 12.\"Sources in the health department said the patient was admitted with flu-like symptoms a week ago and a sample was sent to PGI in Chandigarh for analysis. The report was received on Friday which confirmed the infection.Hospital sources said: \"The patient responded well to the treatment and his condition became stable. He was discharged from hospital today. The health authorities would provide Tamiflu vaccine to his kin.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16692938", "title": "Submission of KYC form a must for LPG", "text": "PATNA: Every household with more than one gas connection or having incomplete address will have to fill the 'Know Your Customer (KYC) ' form by October 31 failing which the existing connections would be cancelled. However, those having only one connection in their name can fill the KYC by March 31, 2013, and submit it to their respective gas agencies.State food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak on Friday, at a meeting held with the IOC officials, directed them to ensure the availability of KYC form on the company's website, i.e. www.iocl.com and www.indane.co.in.IOC, manager (LPG), BK Jaiswal said the state has about 40 lakh consumers and till date, IOC has already identified 26,000 consumers who have more than one LPG connections in the same name and address, 5.1 lakh consumers have more than one connection at the same address but in different names while addresses of over 38,800 consumers are incomplete. Connections to these consumers have been stopped and they have been asked to furnish the KYC details at the earliest. List of such consumers have been put on IOC website and are also available with the agencies.However, the minister has asked the IOC to publish district-wise list of such consumers in newspapers in the form of ads. He has also requested the agencies to contact their consumers within a fixed time and get the KYC forms filled up.Jaiswal also clarified that between September and March only three cylinders will be given to domestic consumers at subsidized rate. There is no change in the method and priority for bookings in excess of six cylinders. The rate of subsidized gas cylinders will be Rs 420 while for non-subsidized cylinder the price will be Rs 977. Besides, for security organizations, hospitals, colleges, government canteens and charitable institutions coming under the Societies Registration Act, the price will Rs 1,270.50 per cylinder and the price of 19kg commercial cylinder will be Rs 1,825.\"Registration is going on for new connections. A new software is being developed by the three oil companies - IOC, Hindustan Petroleum and Bharat Petroleum, which will help to prove the genuineness of a new applicant for a fresh gas connection,\" added the IOC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16693707", "title": "3 link roads to ease chaos at toll plaza", "text": "GURGAON: For decongestion of the 32-lane toll plaza on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway and reducing the traffic flow towards Ambience Mall, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has worked out a plan to develop three different access roads.The Punjab and Haryana high court has ordered a ban on the U-turn towards Ambience Mall during rush hours as it results in chaos at the toll plaza. At present, the authorities, including the traffic police, HUDA and the concessionaire, have not been able to implement the court's order.Ahead of the next hearing, traffic police officers, HUDA officials and representatives of the private concessionaire DGSCL held a meeting in Gurgaon on Friday where the exact coordinates of the roads were discussed. \"The identified roads have been partially developed and after completion can reduce the traffic gridlock at the U-turn. The main aim is to provide passages for traffic on its way to Delhi, so that there is no need for a U-turn,\" said HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar.HUDA, which had made detailed maps of the identified roads, is also planning to trim the green belt area just opposite Ambience Mall for wider passage. The roads are in DLF Phase III. \"The road along the greenbelt and road No.V-40 is leading to Ambience Island. It can be a major approach to Ambience Colony and widening is also possible,\" said Kumar. The other roads are 12m-wide road Nos. 36 and 19 in DLF Phase III which is also leading to Ambience Mall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692304", "title": "Metropolitan Transport Corporation, traffic police join hands to make roads safer", "text": "CHENNAI: Concerned at the increasing incidence of accidents involving city buses, MTC officials and the traffic police have started a long-term study to identify 'troublesome' spots in the city.The survey, which began a month ago, will be a decentralised route-by-route process. \"One depot will be assigned to every road inspector (RI) who will travel with the branch manager and look for shortcomings,\" said a senior traffic police officer. There are 25 bus depots in the city, covering close to 800 routes.They will look to identify accident-prone spots and traffic bottlenecks, areas where bus stops need to be relocated, and try to create bus bays. \"We will work together to reach a mutual solution,\" said a senior transport department official.Accidents involving MTC buses kill close to 90 people every year, officials say. \"We held meetings with drivers to understand what they require. One of the biggest complaints was the comfort of their seats. We will start replacing them soon,\" said the official.Once the ground work is done, a safety campaign will be launched. \"Safety is as much in involving the people as it is about policy changes. We will rope in NGOs to create awareness on safe driving and road manners,\" he said.The state transport corporation with close to 20,000 buses in seven divisions leads the country when it comes to accidents. In 2011, according to National Crime Records Bureau figures, 1,300 people were killed by government-owned buses in Tamil Nadu.Officials say several proactive measures have been taken. \"Earlier this year, MTC set up a quality control department and the results are starting to show,\" said a RTO official who reviews MTC buses for fitness certification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16693858", "title": "Insurance employees protest", "text": "DHARWAD: Insurance employees staged a demonstration in front of the LIC divisional office here on Friday to protest against the decision of the Union cabinet to approve Insurance Laws' Amendment Bill and PFRDA Bill. The major amendments to the insurance laws are: to increase the FDI limit in the insurance sector from present 26% to 49%; and to disinvest the public sector general insurance companies. Massive demonstrations were held in front of the insurance company offices at different places by all classes of employees and agents. Their protest against these measures is premised on the fact that these would do more harm than any good both to the people of India and Indian economy.\"Foreign capital, when it comes, comes to make profit. It is does not come to benefit the people our country. Foreign capital means business. The government says that with the increase in FDI limit, capital will flow. Nation was told the same thing when the insurance sector was being opened to private sector. How much capital has flown in the sector where it was wanted? Not even near to what was told that will flow,\" said Uday Gadagkar, leader of Insurance Employees' Union.Another leader Uday Kurtakoti explained that the FDI which came into India in the insurance sector during the ten year period of 2001-2011 is a mere Rs.6,813 crores as equity in 33 private insurance companies. As against this, LIC alone provided for Rs.7,04,151 crore into social sector and infrastructure sector during the eleventh five year plan (2007-12).\"The decision to disinvest the public sector general insurance companies is to pave for privatization.Same thing will happen in the pension sector. Pension is the life-line of the pensioner. With what has happened in US and Europe, it can be easily imagined as to what will be the fate of our senior citizens. In our country, where no old-age social benefits exist, prowling of the foreign capital will play a havoc with the lives of the people\" Kurtakoti asserted. DV Subbarao, office bearer of the employees union said the decision of the Union cabinet taken on Thursday, with regard to increasing the FDI limit in insurance sector and disinvesting public sector general insurance companies' shares is smack to democracy. The Standing Committee of Parliament to which the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill was referred has in its Report which was placed in the Parliament on 13th December 2011 has said. \"There is no need to increase the limit of FDI to 49% as the government seems to have decided upon this issue without any sound and objective analysis of the insurance sector following liberalization\".It has further cautioned the government of the global financial crisis and has recommended that the private companies may explore avenues to tap the domestic capital instead of increasing the FDI limits. Despite this the Union Cabinet has taken a decision to approve the Bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692215", "title": "Civic committee mulls 'no taxes' proposal for 'talims'", "text": "PUNE: Traditional wrestling institutes in the city, popularly known as 'talims', may not have to pay any water or property tax, if the standing committee approves a proposal. \"Wrestling has a rich tradition. Even so, many wrestling institutes and players are badly off. We have mooted a proposal to free them from paying any kind of civic tax,\" said BJP corporator Dhananjay Jadhav.Earlier, the city improvement committee had discussed the proposal to give discounts to talims. A Warje-based wrestling training institute had approached the committee seeking a change in the type of property tax levied. The governing body of the institute asked them to convert the tax type from commercial to residential, so that it would have to pay less tax. The committee had approved the institute's demand.\"There is need to promote wrestling and other Indian games. The civic administration should consider all the proposals that will promote traditional sports and exclude them from paying any tax,\" said JadhavWrestlers are hopeful of a positive outcome. \"The achievements of wrestlers in the London Olympics have given a boost to the sport. Many youngsters in rural areas and some from urban areas are looking forward to wrestling as a career. There should be more facilities for training institutes,\" said Balasaheb Landge, vice president of Wrestling Federation of India.Many wrestlers from rural areas are not financially sound and they depend on the institutes for training as well as their diet. Pune had 80 such talims where over 2,000 wrestlers practice. Each wrestler incurs an expenditure of Rs 15,000 to Rs 22,500 and an average of Rs 500 to Rs 750 on each wrestler per day.\"Heavy expenses and poor income sources have led many talims to close down. If we want to give wrestling and talims a new lease, theninitiatives like property tax discounts are needed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16693004", "title": "Students raise fund for Irfan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Students of the Carmel Girls Higher Secondary School on Friday contributed small sums from their pockets to collect close to Rs 15,000 that would be handed over to the family of Irfan, the lone survivor of the Karikkakom school van tragedy.On Saturday, over 200 students of the school will march to the Karikkakom school van tragedy memorial where they will light 100 candles in memory of the seven nursery students who lost their lives in the tragedy that occurred in February, last year. The parents of the seven children will also be present. The students will then visit Irfan to hand over the money.A few students have decided to give story books also to the six-year-old. Irfan is at present undergoing physiotherapy and acupressure. \"He has lost his memory, which is our main concern. Though he has started moving his legs and has started opening his eyes, he is yet to recognize people,'' said Irfan's father Shajahan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16691451", "title": "Pustaka Parishe enters 5th chapter", "text": "BANGALORE: Ten lakh books will be put up at the fifth edition of the Pustaka Parishe in the city on Sunday. It's no mean achievement for Srushti Ventures VPCSK, an NGO that has tried to inculcate reading habit in today's generation. From a modest 5,000 books in 2010, it appears the Pustaka Parishe has come a long way.\"When we got together for a discussion, we figured that the reading habit among youngsters is fast disappearing because of distractions in the form of television and the internet. So, through the Pustaka Parishe, our intention was to make children and youth aware of a large number of titles and motivate them to read as many as non-academic books as possible,\" says Vedesh M Gangur, treasurer, Srushti.For this, the NGO even supplied books for free. \"We first exhibited books at our centre and allowed public to take back one book of their choice for free. As a result, during our first Pustaka Parishe on January 17, 2010, we had 5,000 books. Our second one in July the same year saw 7,000 books. At our third Pustaka Parishe, there were 12,000 books and the fourth on October 3, 2011 showcased 1,00,000 books. And now, at our fifth, we have a collection of 10 lakh books,\" says Gangur.Lined up for the grand day are books of various genres in English, Kannada, Telugu, Tamil and Sanskrit among other languages. \"The endeavour is to attract people from all strata of society. Over time, we want to reach out to the youth and children all over India, for books are the single largest repository of knowledge that mankind has to offer from one generation to the next,\" he said.In this expansion drive, proceeds if any from the Pustaka Parishe, will go towards the expansion of Srushti's socio-cultural resource centre in Basavanagudi.The fifth edition of Pustaka Parishe will be held at National College Grounds, Basavanagudi on Sunday, October 7, from 9 am to 9 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692535", "title": "Health department begins initiative to provide free tests to patients", "text": "JAIPUR: After the recent indication by chief minister Ashok Gehlot to provide free testing facilities to patients, the medical health and family welfare department has started work on examining the feasibility of launching free diagnostic tests in government hospitals.A medical health and family welfare department senior official said they have started work keeping in mind that the scheme has to benefit maximum numbers of patients coming to hospitals everyday.In the initial stage, efforts would be made to conduct 90% of the test free which are being done in hospitals everyday including X-ray, ECG and pathology and other microbiological tests. \"But, the planning is in the initial stage,\" the official said.He said various other tests might be made free in a phase-wise manner. Initially, the state government would make those tests free which are being conducted in large numbers.A few days ago, Gehlot announced at a state-level programme that his government is mooting with the idea of providing people free testing facilities at government hospitals.Department officials mentioned that the chief minister's free medicine scheme launched last year on October 2 has been successful in providing healthcare services to all. The footfall of patients in government hospitals has increased noticeably after the launch of the free medicine scheme.It is expected that the free testing facilities would further increase the number of patients coming to the hospital everyday. The medical health and family welfare department would need to make arrangements accordingly in terms of resources like lab technicians and equipment to cater to the patients' need.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16691919", "title": "They are waiting to use self-defence skills", "text": "INDORE: Roadside Romeos beware! Old GDC College girl students have mastered the art of self-defence.Himanshi Bhawsar, a student, said \"I am waiting for a chance to put to use my skills in self-defence.\" She believes that martial art is not only for self-defence, but it rejuvenates your mind and soul. \"I have always felt learning the skills of self-defence while walking down the streets of Rajwada to defend myself from miscreants,\" remarked Nisha Bairagi, 20, a student of Mata Jija Bai Govt. (PG) College.Old GDC College or Mata Jija Bai Govt College's girls are mastering the art of self-defence. The college has organsied a judo-karate camp from September 26 to October 8. The sports officer of the college Ramendra Singh Tomar said it is one of a few government colleges which have taken the initiative in teaching skills to its students for self-defence.\"Though the government has provided funds for the camp, the college on its own mobilized resources to hold judo-karate camp for girls,\" Ramendra said, adding he said that they have also appointed a national-level coach to train girls and the main objective is to instill confidence in girls so that can participate at various competitions.\"Training comprises physical and mental endurance; if one is physically fit then, the mental level of the person will also work properly and mind reacts fast and alleviates all health problems. This is why I want the young girls to develop skills of martial arts, so that they can be confident and more attentive,\" said Poornima Bisey, judo-karate coach. Lamenting that currently there is no proper diet schedule for girls as the camp is for a shorter duration, she said she does not forget to tell them importance of maintaining diet depending on their daily activity. Poornima believes that self-defence is just not enough for protecting oneself, girls must have confidence in themselves so that wherever they go, no one dares to think of doing anything wrong. \"I started this camp only with two girls and gradually the number went up to 50 girls and now these girls want the camp to continue for more days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16692783", "title": "Focus firmly on people as episode I concludes", "text": "HYDERABAD: The convention on biological diversity (CBD) has now decided to appoint an ad-hoc technical group to further study the socio-economic implications of biodiversity which continue to be of concern to several parties. Speaking to the media on the closing day of the first segment of the international meet on biodiversity (MoP 6) on Friday, MF Farooqui, special secretary Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) said that this committee would comprise 40 experts (scientists, social scientists, economists among others) from five regions who would deliberate on how to \"factor in socio-economic considerations\" into the Cartagena Protocol on bio-safety. The body is expected to submit its report at the next MoP (Meeting of Parties) scheduled to be held in 2014.\"Biodiversity is not about science alone. It is also about people and their livelihoods. Hence, socio-economic considerations are important. It has to be seen just how it is beneficial for locals,\" Farooqui said. He, however, maintained that the just-concluded MoP had been a huge success with most of the 18 items on the agenda during the five-day meet having been \"adopted\" by the 192 members of CBD.India, too, the MoEF official said, was seriously working towards accommodating these agendas at the national level. \"We have a very strong legal framework to support these agendas (some of them related to notification, handling, capacity building and risk assessment of living modified organisms (LMO),\" Farooqui added.Seconding India's claim of a successful meet, Braulio Ferreira de Souza Diaz, the executive secretary of CBD, said that the mood during the discussions had been good. Even the Nagoya-Kuala Lumpur Supplementary Protocol on Liability and Redress, which deals with the identification, safe handling and transfer of LMOs was received positively by the participants. \"Our challenge now is to promote its ratification,\" Diaz said, explaining that it was not reluctance but the lack of information and absence of experts that was holding back many member countries from ratifying the protocol. So far, only three member countries have ratified this protocol which needs the consent of a minimum 40 members for it to be passed.While Diaz claimed that CBD was doing everything it could to promote bio-safety, he did confess that the lack of a sufficient budget was proving to be a major hurdle. \"Currently, we do not have the funds for all our activities. It only covers the main issues,\" he admitted. According to his projection, the required core budget of the convention was over $5 million. \"We also have voluntary contribution systems to assist our additional activities and lend support to participants from developing countries. We are hopeful that members will come forward to help the convention in every way possible,\" Diaz said.Meanwhile, the Republic of Korea has proposed to host the next chapter of during the final proceedings of the current MoP (MoP-7/CoP-12), slated for 2014. A final decision on the same would be taken before the end of the CoP-11) that opens in the city on October 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16692034", "title": "HUDA takes action against estate officials for delay", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has initiated action against officials posted in estate office II for not taking possession of 197 acres of land near Jharsa and Islampur village in Gurgaon.HUDA had acquired the land from villagers as per the land acquisition policy in the early nineties. The villagers had dragged HUDA into a legal battle in Punjab and Haryana high court where the bunch of petitions was clubbed together. The court in 2011 had dismissed the petition and ordered HUDA to take the possession.The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , ordered the probe into the matter and sought a reply from Estate Officer II. \"I have sought the reason for not complying with the court's order. The land belongs to HUDA and as per the master plan it should have been developed as plotted colony,\" said Kumar.Terming it a serious lapse, he said: \"No officials will be spared if found guilty in taking action and the officials concerned will have to explain the exact sequence of event followed after the court's order and the reasons for not taking possession of the land.\"The court in its order, a copy of which is with TOI, had stated that the petitioners have failed to file objection at the appropriate time and there was no other evidence on record like photographs to support the contention that the petitioner constructed the houses. After the order HUDA officials in Gurgaon received the communication from the headquarters but no action was taken. The HUDA officials claimed that the delay in taking possession of the land could be deliberate. \"The land at present is worth several hundreds crores of rupees and by not taking possession HUDA has unnecessarily complicated the matter,\" said a senior HUDA official. The delay in taking possession gave the petitioner leeway to approach the apex court. As per the standard operating procedure, HUDA takes action after getting the court's order of taking possession of any land under litigation. The Land Acquisition Officer (LAO) is the nodal body in acquiring the land. HUDA, as per the records, had to develop residential, commercial and institutional sites on the land. HUDA sources said that the petitioners who lost the case in Punjab and Haryana high court in 2011 had moved the apex court challenging HUDA and it is learnt that they secured relief in the form of a stay on possession by HUDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692604", "title": "Chavan, Ajit meet for 2 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and NCP leader Ajit Pawar met at the CM's residence for nearly two hours on Thursday, fuelling speculation about a rapprochement between them. Chavan confirmed the development, but declined to disclose any detail.Ahead of Pawar's resignation from deputy CM's post on September 29, the tie between the two leaders had frayed. to such extent that the NCP leader did not even respond to Chavan's calls.At the meeting, a source said, the two discussed various topics including financial assistance to ailing district cooperative banks, release of drinking water from dams in Ahmednagar to the parched Aurangabad region, drinking water problems in other parched regionsand proposed changes in cooperative sector laws. Political ties between the two parties and leaders were apparently discussed too. A senior NCP functionary said the meeting proved that Pawar as the leader of the NCP's legislative party,continued to hold sway over government matters. The meeting also comes in wake of allegations against BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and other opposition members in the irrigation scam.On the white paper demand, the Congress camp has started clarifying that Chavan's demand was that for an \"occasional\" fact paper on the irrigation department on the lines of documents brought out by the centre on subsidies and black money. It was not meant to be a \"charge sheet\".On Friday, NCP MLA Jitendra Avhad, considered close to Pawar, also visited Chavan in Mantralaya. Avhad later said he met the CM over work related to his constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16692679", "title": "Digging work cuts BSNL lines, stalls custom clearance", "text": "COIMBATORE: Several exporters in Coimbatore failed to get the customs clearance after the optic fibre lines of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) were cut down during the digging work carried out by the highways department in Thudiyalur.The custom officials had to cancel the clearance of at least four containers to be shipped from Cochin, after the optic lines were cut down by the earth mover in front of the Custom Inland container depot around 2.30pm.\"At least 5 to 15 containers are cleared on a daily basis till 7pm in the evening. However, the operators could not fix the cable lines due to which all the consignment had to be cancelled,\" a senior custom official told TOI.In order to reduce the shipment there are three inland container depots available in the city for the benefit of trader. The depots facilitate the clearance of goods after being inspected by the custom official, before it is shipped to various countries. The official said the clearance of goods is given after examination and assessment of goods and sealed at the inland depot, which is then codified for the export.However, the digging work clearance for next day, the official said adding that tea and manufacturing goods are cleared from Thudiyalur depot, which is largely exported to places in Europe and middle east countries. However cancellation the goods cannot be delivered on the schedule time, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16694199", "title": "Fireworks unit victim fails to respond to treatment, dies", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: One of the four people, who were injured in an accident at a fireworks unit in Vellore village near Sivakasi on Thursday, succumbed to injuries at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) in Madurai, on Friday.A Dharmalingaraj, A Koodalingam, M Chellammal and K Karupayi from Vellore village, who were working in Sri Ganesh Colour Matches Company sustained injuries in the accident that occurred on Thursday. Among them, except Karupayi who suffered minor injuries, the others were rushed to the GRH after being provided with first aid at the Sivakasi Government Hospital. According to police sources, the friction, which occurred while dipping matches in the chemicals caused the accident and the four workers who were involved in the process suffered burn injuries.Under these circumstances, Dharmalingaraj (65) who was admitted in GRH succumbed to burn injuries on Friday morning and his body was handed over to the relatives after postmortem. Among the injured, Dahrmalingaraj had suffered 100% burn injuries and other person, Koodalingam, who suffered severe burn injuries, is still critical in GRH.This is the second incident resulting in loss of life after the recent one at Mudalipatti, which claimed 39 lives. Though there was another accident at a truck shed in Sivakasi town, fortunately, no one was injured in that incident. Officials ruled out any alarming situation in the fireworks hub, stating that the number of accidents in fireworks units this year was lesser than last year but the number of deaths was recorded very high this year due to Mudalipatti accident, they said.Meanwhile, the official teams in Sivakasi continued their inspections in the fireworks units in and around the town.The teams have covered 518 fireworks units after the accident and 57 of the units were temporarily suspended from functioning. The major violations the officials pointed out was overstocking of the raw materials and finished products.\"As Diwali is nearing, overstocking of finished products is predominant in the units,\" a senior official inspecting the units, said. Sivakasi RDO, S Rangan said that the inspection is going on and the units violating safety norms are suspended. \"After intense inspections from the officials, the violations have in fact reduced,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16694229", "title": "Man dies of rabies, 10th incident in as many months", "text": "MADURAI: A construction worker from Madurai died of rabies at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) on Friday, making him the 10th victim to succumb to this deadly disease at the hospital in the last 10 months.Hakeem Raja (23) from Thenur near Samayanallur in Madurai was bitten by a stray dog about two months ago. As the wound was not that deep, he chose to ignore it and did not get the required treatment. However, two days ago, he developed rabies-like symptoms and was rushed to the hospital where he was admitted to the rabies cell. On Friday, he died due to rabies.According to law, a person dying or rabies should be cremated and not buried. When the authorities told his relatives to cremate the body, they said that he could only be buried as per their religious norms. The hospital authorities then handed over his body on condition that a grave of 15 feet be dug and that it be filled with five bags of bleaching powder before the body was placed in it. Further, it was specified that the body should be covered with an additional amount of bleaching powder before being buried.Last year too, as many as 13 people died due to rabies at the GRH. A health officer in the hospital admitted that dog bite incidents have been on the rise in Madurai. \"Eighty per cent of the patients were bitten by stray dogs, while the remaining 20% are bitten by their pet dogs. Out of this, 15% of people are hit by rabies. The city corporation sterilises many stray dogs, but it is not enough. The dogs should be relocated from the city,\" he urged.Cautioning the public, he said that in case of a dog bite, one should avoid using a tourniquet unless there is severe bleeding that cannot be controlled any other way. \"Once the bleeding is controlled, clean the wound with soap and warm water. Do not be afraid to clean inside the wound. Be sure to rinse all the soap away, or it will cause irritation later. Cover the wound with a clean, dry dressing,\" he said.He added that the wound should be washed in running tap water within 10 minutes. \"Many of the patients delay their visit to the hospital. Even after that, they do not follow proper treatment leading to the deaths,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16693785", "title": "Navelim locals say 'blast' in coke plant, Sesa denies", "text": "BICHOLIM: Tension ran high in Durigwada, Navelim, in Bicholim taluka on Thursday night following a sound understood to be that of a huge blast which the locals claim to have been from the extension project of Sesa Goa's coke plant.Sesa Goa has categorically stated that there was no blast in its plant. R Krishnagopal of the corporate division of the Sesa Goa pig iron plant stated the sound which the villagers heard was due to the tripping of MCB owing to a fault in 11 KV electricity wires.The villagers from Durigwada were scared after hearing a loud blast and gathered outside the Sesa Goa pig iron plant gate. There was a power disruption in the Sesa complex after the loud sound.Navelim sarpanch Gopinath Gawas later called on local MLA Pramod Sawant in support of the villagers.A group of around 60 persons demanded necessary action. The agitated persons said that the company had failed to adhere to guidelines issued by the Goa state pollution control board and that the people will have to remain vigilant.Police were also called in for security reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16694116", "title": "Behmai case: Court rejects adjournment plea", "text": "KANPUR:The accused in Behmai carnage case suffered a setback on Friday when the dacoit infested area court of Kanpur Dehat not only rejected their application for adjournment but also imposed a fine of Rs 400 on them. Prosecution witness Vakil Singh had recorded his examination on Thursday. The defense battery had to cross examine him. Instead, the counsel for Bheekha and Vishwanath moved an application for adjournment of hearing. The presiding officer Mahmood Ahmad Khan rejected their application, imposed a fine of Rs 400 on them, and asked the defense counsel to cross examine the witness. Vakil Singh is the second prosecution material witness in the case while the first one was Rajaram.Undertrials create ruckus: The undertrials of session lock up on Friday created a ruckus at the court campus after the police did not allow them to receive food and other articles from kin and friends. The police adopted the strict approach after an undertrial, Vikas Yadav, escaped from the court campus on Thursday while returning from session court. The undertrials in response started disturbance in the lock up, refused to come out, and raised anti-police slogans. They also refused to follow instructions of reserve inspector and deputy jailer of Kanpur jail who reached the spot after being informed of the commotion. Later, DIG Kanpur range Amitabh Yash intervened and pacified the undertrials. The drama, by then, had continued for around two and half hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16693139", "title": "Police track IED workshop", "text": "HOWRAH: Debashis De, the 38-year-old engineer accused of murdering 40-year-old rights worker and part-time journalist Chaitali Santra by sending her a parcel bomb on September 26, had apparently vowed to take revenge for the humiliation faced by his mother and sister. According to police, Chaitali, who was a member of the CPM's Ganatantrik Mahila Samity apart from being a rights activist, had led a mob against De's family after his wife Madhurima complained of torture.\"After interrogating Subhankar Das, who allegedly received a supari from De to kill Chaitali, we came to know that the engineer was furious with Chaitali. Madhurima had apparently complained that she was not being allowed to enter De's house in South Baksara First By-lane. One day, when De was not at home, Chaitali allegedly led a mob there. They allegedly forced their way into the house with Madhurima and dragged out De's mother and sister by their hair. The engineer lodged a complaint with the police against Chaitali, accusing her of theft and criminal trespassing. Soon after this, De was arrested and sent to judicial custody where he met Das,\" an officer said.On Friday, De was produced before a magistrate at Ratnagiri in Maharashtra where a team of the Howrah City Police have sought transit remand. The police also succeeded in locating a workshop at Biradingi in Howrah's Kona where the bomb was apparently made. Sources said that the workshop was rented by a youth named Bubai. This youth was also an associate of Das and has been detained for questioning.\"De had probably expected that his woes would come to an end after his release from prison in 2011. However, the case against him continued. His family members left the house in Baksara and shifted elsewhere due to the humiliation they suffered. The engineer told Das that Chaitali would accompany his estranged wife to court whenever the matter came up for hearing. He suspected that the rights activist thwarted all attempts to reach a mutual settlement. Not only did De's personal life suffer due to this, he may have also suffered financial losses,\" the officer added.Police believe that a bigger group was involved in the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16694220", "title": "Loss of habitat clips birds\u2019 wings", "text": "Sultanpur Bird Sanctuary opened for the public on October 2 with only one highlight. The park's only pair of resident saras cranes have had two chicks. While the parents can be seen strutting around the heronry, the babies are well concealed in the tall grass that is growing in abundance in the park this year.\"The park was initially scheduled to be opened on September 15 but the cranes had made their nest just off the main path leading towards the heronry and only one chick had hatched by then. We had to wait for the other chick to hatch before the public could be allowed inside. Letting people in any earlier might have been very dangerous for the eggs,\" said Kulwinder Singh, divisional forest officer of Haryana. Migratory birds have already started coming in but it will take a month or so before a sizable population can be seen. Of the winter migrants , a few raptors like the booted eagle, marsh harrier and white-eyed buzzard can be seen at Sultanpur and the neighbouring Basai wetlands.Others that are easily visible include the norther n shoveler, gadwalls, common coot and common pochard. However, the biggest concern this year seems to be a loss of habitat for waders. The natural wetland is in a state of degradation with extremely tall grass. The only place where waders can be seen is an artificial water body that has been created on one side. Birds like ruff, green sandpiper, black tailed godwit and common red shank can be spotted here. Dr Surya Prakash, a birder who visited the park after it reopened, said, \"It is still too early to find many migratory birds though some numbers have already arrived. Painted storks have started nesting in the heronry . So far, the area seems satisfactory for water and grass birds. However , the loss of wetland is a huge problem. Waders will simply bypass the area if they do not find suitable habitat. Places where hundreds of waders could be seen at one point are completely overgrown with grass now,\" he said.Since the past few years, the park is being closed for a few months each year, ostensibly during the period when resident birds breed. However, sources say that the park authorities were caught on the wrong foot once when they drained the lake to kill off a variety of fish and no other park, including bigger ones like Bharatpur, are closed ever. \"The decision was taken by the government to protect resident birds when they breed and we have seen positive results,\" said a source.When asked about the poor maintenance of the park, the DFO says that they are starved of funds and have no money to carry out any work. \"We are given Rs 2 lakh annually for maintenance work which is pittance for a park of this size. For a lot of other work, we had sent a proposal to the Centre and funds were sanctioned about two months earlier. That money has to be released to us by the state government but we have heard nothing from them so far. We have no resources to even cut the grass,\" said Singh.He also attributes the condition of the park to a poor monsoon. \"The wetland would have been fine had the monsoon been good this side. But the rain came quite late and it was too little in quantity. Even water for irrigation was delayed this year. A lot of work is required in the park but we are helpless,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16696453", "title": "Ram to resume shooting for Ongole Gitta", "text": "Hero Ram would resume shooting for his upcoming film Ongole Gitta, directed by 'Bommarillu' fame Bhaskar. The film completed the first schedule (45 days) in Guntur where the unit filmed important scenes and couple of action episodes at Guntur market yard.Actress Kriti Kharbanda has been roped in to be paired opposite Ram in this film after the makers dropped Shubha Phutela and Nikhita Rhea. GV Prakash is scoring the music while A Venkatesh cranks the camera. BVSN Prasad is producing this film, which is set in the backdrop of Guntur market yard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16692197", "title": "Mummyji\u2019s home a safe haven for feathery friends", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the clock strikes 5pm, 62-year-old Perveen, enters the kitchen and prepares a bowl of Cerelac. After preparing the baby food, she holds three-year-old Meetha in her hand and lovingly starts feeding him. \"Mummyji,\" Meetha calls out if Perveen's attention is diverted. Once he has eaten, he flutters around her excitedly.It was three years back when the guard at Rafi Marg's VP House brought Meetha to Perveen in a semi-conscious and a half-paralyzed state. Since then the baby parrot, which was a few months old, has grown into a majestic bird with vibrant green body and elegant tail feathers.\"On a hot afternoon in June 2009, the guard brought this tiny bird to me. He was suffering from heat stroke and high fever. I gave it medicines but it did not accept any food,\" Perveena said on Thursday, which was World Animal Day.\"I went to my neighbour, who had just become a mother, and borrowed some Cerelac. Meetha nipped on the baby food and since then he eats nothing else,\" added Perveen.Meetha is not the only feathery friend that Perveen looks after. As the three-year-old is placed back in his cage in the balcony, his squawks attract dozens of parrots to the balcony. It is here that these birds find their refuge.As the dusk approaches the five-by-seven-foot balcony, situated on the fifth floor, does not reflect the colours of the setting sun. Instead it dons a green appearance as dozens of parrots flutter around the food and water kept for them.Those aware of Perveen's love for animals often brought injured or unwell parrots to her. \"I keep them in a cage and treat them till they are healthy. After that I release them\"Perveen now has two parrots who are recovering from infections apart from her favorite one Meetha, who does not leave her side. He eats with her, flies around in her rooms and affectionately pecks her as he perches on her finger.Her affection is not just for parrots. Perveen also feeds 2.5kg rice and 750g chicken bones to around 20 stray dogs every evening. \"As a child I was fond animals. As a kid, I had a dog and now I have a family of birds and dogs,\" she said.\"It all started when my husband and I moved to Delhi from Srinagar 14 years ago. Just like Meetha, a baby parrot that was later named Gola was brought to me.\" Though Perveen's family has increased in number, she misses Gola a lot. \"Last month Gola died of a heart attack.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16691199", "title": "Suspected swine flu death in Gondia district", "text": "Gondia: A 12-year-old girl, Priyanka Kawale of Wadegaon village in Tiroda Tehsil died after suspected swine flu like symptoms on October 3. According to in charge of primary health centre, Wadegaon, Dr Abhay Patil, the girl could have died due to some other viral infection.Priyanka, a Std VI student of Bhimrao Vidyalaya, Wadegaon, had high fever since September 29. She was admitted to PHC Wadegaon. Her blood sample report revealed there was no malaria infection. However, the fever didn't subside and her condition became critical on October 3. Dr Patil then referred her to government hospital, Gondia.However, Priyanka died before reaching Gondia in the PHC's ambulance. When contacted, Dr Patil said Priyanka certainly had some viral infection, but it may not be swine flu.On September 30, a woman died due to unidentified disease in nearby Nawargaon village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692286", "title": "Thundershowers to continue, says IMD", "text": "PUNE: The post-monsoon thundershowers continued in the city on Friday as 6.7 mm rain was recorded in a span of three hours, between 5.30 pm and 8.30 pm.\"We expect the thundershowers to continue for another four to five days, after which the rainfall activity will go down,\" said Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department ( IMD) here.\"The ongoing thundershowers are characteristic of the withdrawal phase of the southwest monsoon. Usually, this is manifested in the set pattern of clear skies in the morning followed by overcast conditions and rain, accompanied by thunder and lightning, towards afternoon and evening,\" Khole said.\"The thundershower activity is happening due to a combination of factors like enhanced moisture incursion caused by the low pressure area, which prevailed over the west central Bay of Bengal since last week, and also by the cyclonic circulation over the Arabian sea off the Maharashtra coast...\"Humidity levels have gone up under the influence of the high moisture content. Besides, other factors like local heating are conducive for generating rain accompanied by thunder and lightning,\" she said.In the 24 hours ending 8.30 am on Friday, the IMD's Shivajinagar observatory had recorded 36.6 mm rain while the Lohegaon observatory, which covers the eastern outskirts, had recorded 39.4 mm rain. The Pashan observatory in the western outskirts, recorded 47.1 mm rain during this period.The city has now received a total of 109.8 mm rain since October 1, which marks the beginning of the post-monsoon season that goes on till end of December. Of this, 103.1 mm rain was recorded up to 8.30 am on Friday and it is 78 mm more than the normal mark.This is the fourth successive year when Pune has recorded more than 100 mm rain for the month of October. Between 2009 and 2011, the city received 186.3 mm, 263.5 mm and 104.7 mm rain, respectively. The 2009 season was a drought year when the country finished with 22% rainfall deficiency.Rainfall activity was subdued in parts of central Maharashtra, between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south. Kolhapur recorded 10 mm rain, while Sangli recorded 11 mm rain between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Friday. Ratnagiri in Konkan and Goa recorded 14 mm rain during this period.Parts of Konkan and Goa though, reported fairly heavy rain in the last 24 hours ending 8.30 am on Friday, with Sangameshwar recording 223 mm rain while Lanja and Ratnagiri receiving 130.1 mm and 120.9 mm rain, respectively.The southwest monsoon was vigorous over central Maharashtra and Konkan and Goa in the last 24 hours. The northsouth trough from Assam to north coastal Andhra Pradesh persists and this may lead to the development of a low pressure area in the north Bay of Bengal, the IMD's all India weather bulletin stated. This will influence rain in northeastern states.Meanwhile, conditions are becoming favourable for further withdrawal of the southwest monsoon from the remaining parts of Uttar Pradesh, some more parts of Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat and some parts of Bihar from October 8.The monsoon had started its retreat from the extreme parts of west Rajasthan on September 24 and has since withdrawn from the north and northwestern states till September 26. However, there has been no further withdrawal due to the formation of a well-marked low pressure area over the west central Bay of Bengal that caused increased rainfall in parts of central and peninsular India.Khole said, \"The influence of the low pressure area, which kept moving in the westerly direction, has now diminished and this will lead to drying up of the atmosphere. The moisture content will go down and this will result in further withdrawal of the monsoon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16692999", "title": "Watch Karnataka tradition on wheels", "text": "MYSORE: Around 34 tableaux from different districts will showcase diverse religious, cultural and traditional characteristics at 'Karnataka Parampare' this Nada Habba, said Dasara tableau committee president Somasundar.Addressing mediapersons, he said that the tableaux have been categorized under six sections, and most of them have been approved.There will be 30 tableaux from as many districts and one each from the information department (Sakala), Karnataka State Madyapana Sayyama Mandali, Cauvery Irrigation Board and the Dasara committee.Somasundar added that they have demanded Rs 6 lakh to meet the tableaux expenses. Speaking on the uniqueness of the latest edition of Dasara, he said tableaux will be readied on the eve of procession. They have requested the participants to be dressed in traditional attire unique to their respective districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16693499", "title": "65-year-old raped mentally challenged minor, held", "text": "PATIALA: Police on Friday arrested a 65-year-old man for repeatedly raping a 15-year-old mentally challenged girl in Badshahpur Kaleke village of the district.Accused Kuldeep Singh had also forced the four-month pregnant girl to abort at a private hospital some two months back. The accused was arrested a day after a rape case was registered against him by the police on Thursday evening. Police officers said that the accused, who has a grocery shop near the place where the girl lives, took advantage of his relations with her family members and sexually exploited her for over four months.The crime could have gone unnoticed had Balwinder Singh, cousin brother of the victim, not got information from some of his friends about the visit of his sister to a private health clinic. When Balwinder came to know about the victim's visit to a hospital on October 1 and asked her, she told him that Kuldeep had taken her there for undergoing abortion.Balwinder approached the police the same day and following an inquiry a case was registered on October 4. \"We have registered a case against accused Kuldeep Singh for raping the victim repeatedly,\" said SHO of Samana Sadar police station Pritpal Ghuman.\"During police investigations it has come to light that the accused started abusing the victim physically around four months back when she first visited his shop to buy some household items.\"The accused repeatedly raped the victim not only in his shop, but also at her house whenever she was alone. The accused had good relations with the family and thus had an easy access to the house,\" said a police officer.The parents of the victim had died many years back and she had been staying with the family of her real uncle ever since. Her elder brother lives in Mohali. Two months back when the victim became pregnant, the accused allegedly took the victim to a private hospital of Samana on the pretext of providing her medical aid to cure her mental problem and got her abortion done. Police have also started investigations to identify the physician who conducted the abortion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691586", "title": "Senate takes on varsity over credit-based choice system", "text": "MUMBAI: Members of University of Mumbai's senate on Friday unanimously opposed the credit-based choice system introduced last academic year, saying it would \"destabilize\" the teaching-learning process.The members also claimed that the new examination reforms have only increased the teachers' burden.Amid the debates and discussions, the senate passed the university's first five-year perspective plan.Teachers' representative Madhu Paranjpe said, \"The teaching and learning process has been destabilized following the introduction of the system. Teaching hours have reduced. Under the new exam reforms, senior teachers are being sent as joint chief controllers for as many as 20 days during exams. How are they expected to spend time in a class? The moment teachers announce assignments, students withdraw their names from extra curricular activities\"Another senate member claimed the varsity's decision to have nine sets of question papers instead of three would add to the teachers' work load. Most of the senate members were of the opinion that the credit system should be reviewed again.One of the members said the university must prioritize and use its resources for the betterment of students. \"Instead of spending Rs 200 crore on setting up an international convention centre, the university can use the money to build hostels for students.\"Around 7.30pm, 16 members of the Bombay College and University Teachers' Union ( BUCTU) staged a walkout for 15 minutes during the proceedings, slamming the credit system and administrative burdens placed on teachers and mishandling of grievances. Senate member Sanjay Vairal objected to the fact that the university had taken help of part-time and unapproved teachers to assess papers to declare the results on time.Senate member Dilip Karande said that though the university was discussing the five-year perspective plan, to implement courses and colleges in the jurisdiction of the university, there was no immediate plan for the academic year 2013-14. Seven Yuva sena senators asked VC to admit that their suspension in last senate was a mistake as later it was proved that MHRM paper of TYB Com was leaked indeed and MU also conducted a re-exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16691245", "title": "IPL-Style League will kill game, says Salgaocar FC general secretary Raj Gomes", "text": "PANAJI: Nobody really knows the future of the I-League but with IMG-Reliance, the marketing agents of the All India Football Federation (AIFF), popping up a contentious franchise-based league starting next September, there are understandably plenty of apprehensions.IMG-Reliance are in the final stages of announcing a franchisee-based tournament styled on the lines of the hugely-successful Indian Premier League (IPL) T20 cricket.Once this tournament comes into play, clubs and stakeholders fear that the I-League will lose its sheen and will no longer hold the pride of place that it currently enjoys.\"The IPL-style tournament will kill the I-League. I have no doubts about that,\" said Salgaocar Football Club, general secretary Raj Gomes.\"The franchisee-based tournament will need a minimum pool of 100 Indian players which means clubs' preparations will come to a halt. We will not be able to do anything for those two months. Should, any of the star players get injured, and the I-League then resumes, what will the clubs be left with.It's a ridiculous idea,\" fumed Gomes, who is also the president of the recently-formed I-League Professional Football Clubs Association (IPFCA).The IPFCA has instead suggested to the AIFF, and its marketing partners, that they should invest all of their energy, resources and, most importantly, finances, into the Federation Cup and make it a glamorous competition.\"The Federation Cup can be played in five different states with bigger prize money and much better organization. It can work wonders for Indian football,\" said Gomes.It is commonly believed that IMG-Reliance are confident of raking in the moolah and recovering part of their Rs 700 crore investment in Indian football with the start of the IPL-style tournament.Eyeballs -- what with former World Cuppers and big names taking the field -- will also evidently multiply but the question about benefits to clubs linger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16694098", "title": "Pandal to exhibit National Metallurgical Laboratory inventions", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The curiosity of Steel City residents to know more about the contribution of the National Metallurgical Laboratory(NML) in the scientific progress of the country will be quenched this Durga Puja.For, the NML Golmuri Durga Puja committee that will commemorate its 60th year has planned to exhibit the country's premier research laboratory's achievements during the past six decades through spectacular illuminations.\"Milestones of the NML's progress of the past six decades will be splashed in the exuberant lighting arrangements,\" said puja committee secretary Anjani Kumar Sahu. NML was established here in 1950.\"Our new initiative to educate the students about the fundamentals of the metallurgy science shall also find space in the lighting exhibition,\" said a committee member.\"The budget of the first year was merely Rs 352 which has now scaled up to about Rs 4 lakh,\" said Sahu adding that over 80% of the funds come through donations.One of the highlights of the diamond jubilee celebrations of the NML puja committee will be the unveiling of the souvenir. \"Most likely on the Sashthi evening, the special souvenir encapsulating the long march of the NML in the country's scientific progress will be unveiled,\" said Sahu. Cultural programmes will mark the four days of festivities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16693798", "title": "Power dept wings not in tandem", "text": "NOIDA: Faced with rampant electricity cuts over the past several months, residents of Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad have been fuming at the Uttar Pradesh power department which is directly under the control of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. Residents allege that they are bearing the direct impact of the CM's inability to evolve a policy to weld together various wings of the power department.Meanwhile, Greater Noida can expect no respite from load-shedding in the near future as late on Friday evening the Uttar Pradesh State Load Despatch Centre rejected an application for additional 30MW to Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL). \"The application had been long pending. Rostering cannot be done away with despite the contracts we have with various power generating companies,\" said an NPCL official.Discoms across the three cities have been advancing several excuses for lack of supply. In Noida, Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) officials have blamed it on the lack of transmission infrastructure. \"This is the latest in a series of excuses. Discoms are passing the buck on to the transmission wing and vice versa, while residents continue to suffer,\" said NP Singh, president of Federation of Noida RWAs.Residents have accused the Samajwadi Party government of having adopted a step-motherly attitude towards Gautam Budh Nagar in not ensuring adequate power. \"Is it just because Noida and Greater Noida are in the home district of former chief minister Mayawati?\" asks Singh.The All India Power Engineers' Federation (AIPEF) says that under the supply schedule devised by UPPCL to meet the 'restricted demand' of power, cities like Noida and Ghaziabad, which are in the metropolitan category, have been earmarked for 22-24 hours of average daily supply. \"However, power rightfully due to Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad is diverted to other regions that are strongholds of ruling political leaders,\" said Shailendra Dubey, AIPEF general secretary.According to the federation, as against the restricted demand of 12,500 MW in the state, total availability is around 9,500 MW. \"Around 1,500 MW is purchased from trading companies via the open-access regime. But more than half of whatever is purchased is made available to selected districts on the basis of political allegiances,\" added Dubey.Residents living in housing societies of Indirapuram, Vaishali and Kaushambi have been paying heavily for power through back-up systems in absence of adequate supply. \"We had demanded from the power corporation to ensure supply of the full quota of electricity earmarked for Ghaziabad and leave it to the local distribution companies to put in place a 'self-rostering system',\" said Col (Retd) Tejander Pal Singh, president of Federation of Ghaziabad RWAs. \"The corporation had assured us that this system would be put in place. However, the situation is yet to improve,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692517", "title": "Special police team for travellers with kids at CST", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the second instance of a child being abducted from CST this year, the government railway police (GRP) has deployed a night-vigil team at the terminus to ensure safety of travellers with kids.On Wednesday, a 10-month-old boy, Sagar Mahat, was kidnapped by an unidentified woman while he was asleep with his grandmother , Ranjana (50),in the general hall at CST's main concourse. \"The team also comprises a female constable and will talk to passengers with kids and ensure their safety,\" . Passengers can bind their kids to their arm or waist with a dupatta,\" said a GRP official.CCTV footage from the area shows . Though the quality of the footage isn't very good, a woman in a red saree and a red blouse can be seenwalking away with Sagar around 3.55am. She is around 28-32 years old and about 5.2 ft tall. The GRP has circulated her sketch to all police stations.Ranjana had planned to take Sagar to Nepal, before he was kidnapped early on Wednesday. Police officials said Ranjana was staying over at CST since September 29 and planned to board a train to Uttar Pradesh with Sagar, on their way to Nepal. Police officials suspect that the kidnapper had slept alongside Ranjana on Tuesday night at the general hall.Sagar's father, Raju, had handed him over to Ranjana in November 2011 after his wife, Geeta, derserted him. Ranjana then brought Sagar to her Vasai residence and looked after him. Ranjana wasn't able to work due to her poor eyesight and survived on financial help from local residents. Eventually, she made a decision to move to her in-laws' place in Nepal along with Sagar. The GRP are also exploring the possibility of the kidnapper trying to sell off Sagar to any childless couple. Hospitals and nursing homes are being scanned by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16691313", "title": "Protests send tempers soaring on road", "text": "It was a day of rallies and demonstrations on Friday in several parts of Bangalore. Ostensibly they were to register the city's anger over release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu but in actuality they brought commuters and motorists to a halt during peak morning hours.With police treating the demonstrators with kid gloves by not resorting to any hard-hand measures like preventive arrests, the rallies and demonstrations mostly in the southern and central parts of the city prompted a lockdown of sorts in several areas.The two major rallies originated in the western localities of National College Grounds, Basavanagudi and VV Puram. Both rallies had to take diversion and culminate at Freedom Park instead of the intended Raj Bhavan and Hudson Circle, respectively, under police pressure.The timing of both the rallies derailed the schedule of the office-going crowd. The result was a major blockade on the roads linking southern parts of the city with the heart of the city. The presence of film star Ambareesh and director-actor Prem brought in more crowds. The Vokkaligara Sangha rally was led by Adi Chunchanagiri mutt seer Balagangadharanath Swamiji.To ensure a smooth passage to the rallyists, police closed the procession routes 15 minutes prior to the march. Consequently, all roads leading to the arterial JC Road were blocked from around 10 am. Thousands of motorists and two-wheeler riders, autorickshaws and BMTC buses coming from Padmanabha Nagar, NR Colony, Srinagar, Muneshwara Block and Girinagar were stuck in the traffic from 11 am to 1 pm near Basavanagudfi flyover. Traffic crawled on JC Road through the day.Angry commuters who accosted policemen were told to fine alternative roads and means to proceed ahead. Some frustrated commuters got down from autorickshaws and buses and started walking towards their destinations.Stuck in the bumper-to-bumper traffic crawl were also private school vans which were ferrying children back home as the institutions had announced an impromptu holiday.The commuters who questioned the protesters on why the traffic had to be blocked were told to fall in line if they had to move ahead.Attempts of some protesters to march from Freedom Park to Raj Bhavan were foiled by police. Representatives or various organizations who met at Freedom Park after the rally announced they will meet the governor in the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "16694109", "title": "In Russia, boy finds intact carcass of 30,000-yr-old woolly mammoth", "text": "MOSCOW: A neighbourhood adventure has led a 11-year-old Russian boy to discover remains of a 30,000-year-old nearly intact woolly mammoth complete with skin, hair, bones and even reproductive organs. Yevgeny Salinder found the remains of the mammoth on Sopochnaya Karga cape in Russia's northernmost peninsula of Taymyr, the Moscow News reported.The body which has been named 'Zhenya' after the boy's nickname is that of a male mammoth which died at the age of 15-16, approximately 30,000 years ago. The total weight of the remains is more than 500 kg, and that includes the right half of the body with soft tissue, skin and hair, scull with one ear, a tusk, various bones and even reproductive organs, the Dolgano-Nentsky administration website announced. It is believed to be the second best preserved mammoth discovery and the best mammoth find since 1901, when another mammoth was discovered near Beryozovka River in Yakutia, the paper reported.Zhenya discovered the body 3 kilometres from Sopkarga polar meteorological station, where he lives with his family. His parents informed scientific experts about the discovery after which the mammoth was taken to Dudinka in a helicopter and put in an ice chamber there. The scientists found that the mammoth had a hump like that of a camel which comprised fat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "barwani", "code": "16691488", "title": "MGNREGS wages for dead man, jailbird", "text": "BARWANI: Ratan Singh Rauliya, a resident of Limbi village in Barwani district died two years back. But as per the government records he is still alive. The computer-based management information system (MIS) data of Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (MGNREGS)- the 'dead' Ratan is not only working, but has been drawing wages for his work through a bank.Sona Hira is in Nasik jail for last several months, but as per the MGNREGS records, he is on the pay roll and has been drawing his regular payment for works under the scheme.These are just the two examples of rampant irregularities in the flagship welfare programme. There are a number of such lapses which have been making the mockery of the ambitious project.Harsingh Jamore of Jagrut Adivasi Dalit Sangathan (JADS), who exposed corruption in the MGNREGS said there are 36 fake accounts in Limbi gram panchayat alone and nearly Rs 1 lakh wages have been drawn in the current year. \"If this is the condition of just one village panchayat then one can imagine the amount of fake accounts in the entire district,\" he said adding that there are accounts on the name of people who have migrated from the village but the money is being withdrawn on their names.Irregularities in MGNREGS in Barwani were also highlighted by the Asian human right commission (AHRC) in its statement released on October 3 under title 'India: Robbery Guarantee Scheme MP'. AHRC has observed that the money due to the poor villagers is being siphoned off by corrupt politicians and bureaucrats. This act is nothing less than organized robbery by the state government employees sponsored by the ruling political party, the BJP.Avinash Pandey of AHRC, who was in Barwani, said that large amount of money for the scheme has been siphoned off and local MLA of ruling party along with the administration are intimidating the poor workers demanding their wages.AHRC has also mentioned that 'expenditure on works' data maintained by the state administration revealed that entries have been made on fictitious works. The data shows works that were completed years ago that were marked as 'ongoing'. An estimated Rs 30 crore worth work and expenditure has been left unaudited.Madhuri of JADS said that they had demanded expenditure details of 24 panchayats from administration in August but the details were not revealed on the grounds that work-wise expenditure accounts are not maintained and that these will have to be collected from the panchayats and other agencies.Later they scanned details from MIS data that revealed that 40% of the payments received by from the Union government were neither audited nor disbursed to the right persons. The administration also ignored complaints concerning corruption in the disbursement.She added that the villagers from 12 panchayats presented their findings before a fact-finding team led by Sachin Jain, the advisor to commissioners appointed by the Supreme Court of India in the PUCL case, in the presence of the district administration on September 22 and 23.On the charges of fictitious entries and fake payments, CEO of Barwani district panchayat said that he had receive the complaints and a team from rural development department has started investigation into the alleged irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16693294", "title": "Form cell to check snatching cases, court directs DGP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On a PIL seeking direction of the court in respect of snatching of valuable articles from the passengers in buses and trains by thugs, the Allahabad High Court has directed Uttar Pradesh DGP to constitute a cell of police to prevent such incidents.The order was passed by acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel on a PIL filed by Krishna Prabhakar Upadhaya.Passing the order, the bench directed to identify places where such incidents are committed and submit a report to the court by October 11.The court also directed that cell would take into account the places of such type of activities and further that railway authority may also send its representatives. In the report, it has to be explained about action taken against such persons and for protection of passengers in trains and buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691204", "title": "Mantralaya starts revamp, but fire NOC yet to come", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking building and fire permissions for major renovations is mandatory for housing societies and ordinary citizens. The Mantralaya, damaged in a major fire in June, seems to have the privilege to go ahead with a revamp without procuring permissions.An RTI query by JVPD resident Anandji Joshi, made separately to the Mantralaya, PWD (which is in charge of the revamp work) and BMC has revealed that the work does not have a fire or a civil construction NOC.Chief fire officer Sunil Joshi said the Mantralaya had submitted the renovation plan, but permission from his department was yet to be issued. \"We will issue our NOC after studying the plan and suggesting fire prevention measures. There is no option but to use wood, but we will ensure that the makeover includes fire retardant material and fire retardant paints for wooden portions such as compartments and doors.\"The BMC's reply was that records of permissions for older and newer renovations were not traceable and so no specific reply could be given. Moreover, wood is being used in the revamp for making new cabins and cubicles. It is pertinent to note that wooden compartments were said to have fuelled the fire.A senior PWD official said, \"We have submitted our plans to various departments and NOCs from them will come after scrutiny and fee payment. Only basic renovation work has been started. Suggestions and recommendations incorporated in the NOCs will be implemented in later stages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16691829", "title": "Meet on need of refugee law from today", "text": "RAIPUR: In a bid to introduce a statutory legal framework for refugees in the country, Hidayatullah National Law University (HNLU) chapter of International Law Students Association (ILSA) would hold a two-day round table conference from Saturday at the varsity campus.HNLU, V-C, Sukhpal Singh, said that the university's legal aid and advice cell during its awareness camp, came across the plight of few refugees from Bangladesh in the nearby villages of the city.This brought the issue of refugee emancipation into sharp focus, he added. \"India, being one among the largest refugee populations in the world, does not have any specific law to deal with huge refugee influx. The conference seeks to bring all stakeholders including members of UN agencies, international committee of Red Cross, advocates working for refugee rights and Central government officials for policy formation,\" said Singh.About 24 student delegates from law schools across the country including Bangalore, Kolkata, Delhi, Patiala and others shall be participating in the event.\"The panel will discuss the ground realities of refugees worldwide, India's reservations to refugee convention and international framework on refugee law,\" he added.The ultimate aim of the conference is to formulate a memorandum summarizing the discussions over the course of event and present it to the minister of external affairs, home affairs and legislators.The expert panelists would include Jayashree Satpute ,The Guardian's 100 most influential women in the world, Prof Manoj Sinha, former director of Indian Society of International Law, Prof B C Nirmal, Dean, BHU and Sahana Basavapatna, eminent author on refugee rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16693751", "title": "Buffer duffers? CEC's views upset activists", "text": "PANAJI: The recommendation by the Supreme Court-appointed central empowered committee (CEC) to carve out only a one km to 100 m wide buffer zone for protected areas has upset environmental activists, who alleged that it was too insignificant for conservation of the state's rich floral and faunal biodiversity.Greens in Goa felt that a buffer zone of less than one km would be vulnerable to encroachments and would not serve any purpose. \"A recommendation for a buffer zone of 100 metres to one km is meaningless, as the mining activity on the fringes of protected areas is very polluting and has caused serious concern,\" Ramesh Gauns, a Bicholim-based environmental activist, told TOI.Gauns also pointed out that under the Environment (protection) Act, 1986 and another notification issued in September 2006, it is clearly mentioned that an environment impact assessment (EIA) needs to be prepared for the core zone as well as the buffer zone of protected areas. \"For a mining project which is more than 50 hectares, as per the EPA, the study of the buffer zone for 10 kms regarding impacts on wildlife and biodiversity has to be mandatory,\" he said. \"This is only because it is proved that there is an impact of mining up to a distance of ten km,\" he stated. \"In Goa, the devastating impact of mining activity has been felt to the fullest and the 10-km buffer zone should not be diluted.\"Nirmal Kulkarni, another wildlife enthusiast, said that the matter of buffer zones has to be taken up on a case to case basis. \"A ecologically sensitive zone of 100 m cannot be called a buffer zone as it will not serve any purpose, and a minimum safety zone of at least one km is needed,\" he said.Stating that the case of the Salim Ali bird sanctuary can be different, he said that habitations nearby do not make it feasible to extend the buffer zone beyond them. \"But in wildlife sanctuaries, the wildlife does not understand the line between protected areas and buffer zones,\" he added. The buffer zones help any spill over of large mammals outside the protected areas.Eco tourism activities in buffer zones can be allowed if it is carried out on a low scale. \"If it helps the community, it can be allowed to operate,\" he said.Amrut Singh, a wildlife activist said smaller buffer zones would be insignificant and vulnerable to encroachments as forest department doesn't have manpower to protect the eco fragile areas. \"The protective ring in wildlife sanctuaries itself leaves much to be desired,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692171", "title": "2 killed, 27 hurt as trailer topples near Tiruttani", "text": "CHENNAI: Two women died and 27 other villagers were injured when a tractor trailer carrying them to a funeral toppled on the road near Tiruttani, about 80km from Chennai, on Thursday.Around 10.30am, police said, the coupling connecting the trailer and the tractor broke loose at Chinna Kadambur Mottur village. The tractor, which was travelling at 50 kmph continued ahead while the trailer ran towards the road side and toppled. The occupants sitting on the trailer were thrown out. M Valliammal (40) and P Sundari (50) of Nediyam village near Pallipattu, about 40km from Chennai, were caught under the trailer. They were later declared dead on arrival at the government hospital in Tiruttani.The tractor driver, after informing other villagers, fled the scene. Soon, passing motorists and local residents gathered at the spot and helped the victims. Police were alerted.On receiving the information, Tiruttani police teams went to the scene and sent the injured villagers to the GH in Tiruttani.Following the accident, traffic was disrupted on the busy Tiruttani-Chennai Highway. It resumed after the intervention of police. Tiruttani assistant superintendent of police S Vijayakumar said, \"the tractor driver failed to notice that the coupling connecting the tractor and the trailer had worn out.\"Police said a group of residents of Nediyam village were going to attend the funeral of a relative at Sohanur village near Tiruttani in the tractor trailer when the accident occurred.The Tiruttani police registered a case under Section 304 (a) (death caused due to negligence) of the Indian Penal Code and have launched a search for the tractor driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16691382", "title": "No need for landfills, say waste-to-energy companies", "text": "BANGALORE: Technologies to handle waste are plenty. There are technologies to segregate waste without any human intervention. There are technologies that do away with landfills, and to produce electricity and useful gases from waste. Is the city prepared to give these the go-ahead quickly?Vikram Gulecha, regional associate, Nippon I-Waste Management India, says machines can pick out metals, plastics and even paper from mixed waste. This makes segregation at source unnecessary. He says Nippon has also proposed to the Karnataka government a technology that can process 2,000 tonnes of mixed waste a day without any remains. \"Currently, most technologies leave 40% to 60% of landfill. Our technology uses multiple processing systems, and nothing goes waste. The ash that remains is turned into cement blocks, sand and agri-manure. There's no need for landfills,\" he says.There are many technologies to convert waste to energy (WtE). These produce electricity, through combustion, and useful synthetic fuels like methane, methanol or ethanol. In Japan, 580 metric tonnes of waste are enough to produce 8MW of electricity. Bangalore produces 5,000 tonnes of waste a day, and so WtE projects can potentially create a lot of electricity.Unnikrishnan PM of ANL ONIPS Engineering, an installation and commissioning consulting firm for WtE equipment and technology, says a sophisticated plant would have the external feel and look of a park, as the machinery and waste storage would be underground. \"Hitachi has 400 such plants worldwide,\" he says.Vishnu Vasanth, managing director of RenewGen Enrivo Venture, a consortium partner with Hitachi, says WtE projects should run like utilities on a daily basis for them to be viable and sustainable. RenewGen is already in bidding stages for several World Bank-funded WtE projects from municipalities in other states. \"We're waiting for the Karnataka government to float tenders,\" Vasanth says.Girish Rao, director, Shumgir Renewable Energy, which has proposed a WtE project using foreign technology, says WtE is a capital-intensive business, but investors can recover their money by selling electricity and ancillary bio products like fuel, fertilizer, gas, power, energy, diesel, etc.The Manipal Group is establishing a WtE plant in Udupi to produce electricity for the local community. The company will deploy a proprietary gasification-based technology from German company Concord Blue Energy Services. \"We plan to scale up this business,\" says AS Ram Mohan, advisor for energy, Manipal Group.Waste to energy* Karnataka government received at least half a dozen WtE proposals* Investors require government help in acquiring 5 acres to 20 acres in suitable locations, and to evacuate the energy they produce* They want bankable contract for waste from government* They want a 'tipper fee' (garbage collection) from government", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692278", "title": "Congress ministers ask for panel to check rail fares", "text": "MUMBAI: Some senior Congress cabinet members has recently urged the Centre to set up a rail tariff regulatory commission that will take stock of fares.Their request was placed even before a panel, headed by businessman Deepak Parekh, recommended that the Centre should increase passenger train fares to help mobilize funds for infrastructure plans. Even before a high level panel headed by leading businessman Deepak Parekh recommended to the centre to hike passenger fares for mobilising funds for infrastructure projects, a section of senior Congress cabinet members have urged the centre to set up a rail tariff regulatory commission to take stock of the existing fare deciding system.According to a senior Congress minister, the idea of setting up a commission was mooted by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan during his meeting with Railway Board chairman Vinay Mittal here. \"Chavan said sooner or later, the Centre would have to set up a rail tariff regulatory commission to take a professional decision on fares,'' he said.The minister said ever since the railway portfolio was entrusted with Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress , populist decisions, particularly on fares and freight charges, were taken without considering the adverse impact on economy. \"In the past seven to eight years, Trinamool never agreed to raise passenger train fares, and so the Railway Board faioled to mobilize funds even for routine work. Several projects, particularly those in rural areas, had to be abandoned,\" he said.Echoing him, a senior bureaucrat said if a rail tariff regulatory commission came into force, the members would take a realistic view of the existing structure and hike fares if needed. \"At the moment, even if fares are fixed by the administration, final decision is taken by political heads,\" he said.According to the cabinet member, the Centre has set up commissions to regulate power, water, telecommunication, aviation and insurance sectors. In the state, there are panels for the state has set up an power and water commission and is in the process of appointing a regulator to tackle the housing sector.\"The commissions appear to have brought in some kind of a check on largesse being extended by the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692291", "title": "BMC rapped for stalled ward work", "text": "MUMBAI: Corporators cutting across party lines criticized the civic administration failing to put in place a Civil Work Contract (CWC) system, the absence of which has stalled all civic development projects at the ward level.After allegations were levelled that corporators abetted malpractices carried out by contractors for ward-level work, the BMC was in the process of overhauling the CWC system. But owing to abnormally low bids that the system received, it was proposed that contractors took up a visibility test of Rs 5 lakh in each ward so that the civic body could check the quality of work before awarding a tender; none of the 31 contractors shortlisted came forward for the task.Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte has now decided to make changes in the proposed system, a revised version of which will be tabled before group leaders next week. The new system, a source said, would suggest ward level tendering as well as execution of work, completely doing away with the concept of fixed CWC contractors. To keep a tab on quality, third party auditors will be appointed to keep a check on the quality of work. But till the revised system comes into force, no civic work required for the development of a ward's infrastructure can begin.Raising the issue in the sanding committee, opposition leader Dnyanraj Nikam said, \"The ruling Shiv Sena-BJP combine has lost control over the administration and that has led to contractors defying civic body's diktat to carry out viability test for civic work. Civic projects in wards have been affected due to this.\" MNS group leader Dilip Lande said, \"With the monsoon over, there are only four-five months left to carry out civic projects. But due to the delay in putting in place a new system, no work can be carried out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693426", "title": "GHMC losing out on trade licence fee", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to plug the revenue leak from trade licence fee by comparing the trade licence data with that of Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) and commercial taxes department. This decision comes after health wing officials came under cloud for helping traders default on payment of licence fee.A pilot study was taken up last week in the West Zone circle covering Kukatpally and Serilingampally municipal circles 1 and 2. The study is likely to be completed in a month.As of now, 1.29 lakh trade licences have been granted in Greater Hyderabad and the corporation gets a mere Rs 23 crore per annum as fee, a civic official said. Incidentally, only about 30,000 of the 1.29 lakh traders are paying fee regularly to renew their licences. Till September second week, Rs 53 lakh was collected as trade licence fee.\"Though commercial connections given by CPDCL and licences granted by the commercial taxes department in Greater Hyderabad indicate that there are four lakh traders, as per GHMC records, there are only 1.29 lakh,\" a GHMC additional commissioner said.As per the GHMC Act traders of over 20 categories have to take trade licence, renewable every year, from the corporation to run a business. Not only is the number of registered traders small, the renewal fee is nothing but a trickle. GHMC officials suspect some health wing staff to be colluding with traders and not issuing trade licences. As a result, the number of trade licences issued is very few in the city.Even in cases where traders applied for licences, they were not being granted.Since April this year, of the 22,000 applications received by the corporation, 13,000 were given licences, 1,739 rejected and 7,300 have been still pending with the health wing for want of correct information.\"The staff could call or SMS the applicants to furnish details and clear them, but that is not happening and thousands of applications have been kept pending for several months,\" another senior official said.As part of the pilot study, hand-held machines are being provided to the staff. \"If there is any unlicenced shop or commercial establishment, they can generate new trade licence, collect tax amount (for renewal) on the spot and even inform the traders about their arrears. If the amount is not paid by any trader despite being informed, a notice will be sent to them,\" he added.To avoid financial irregularities, the hand-held machines would be loaded with data from the central server located at the head office, another additional commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16691951", "title": "Main accused in doctor\u2019s murder case still on the run", "text": "INDORE: Within 24 hours of murder of the doctor, police managed to arrest a co-accused here on Friday. However, police have reportedly arrested a few more in this connection, but it has not yet been confirmed.When contacted, city superintendent of police (CSP), Vijay Nagar, Prashant Choubey said that police have arrested Suraj and are in lookout for the other accused. Suraj is the brother-in-law of Sachin, the main accused of the murder incident.\"Though it is not clear why they went to the doctor for treatment when the relations between them were strained. But we are hopeful of arresting the accused and cracking the case soon,\" added the CSP.Ayurvedic medical practitioner NK Gupta was in his clinic with his son when three people came and stabbed him. Kuldeep, who tried to save his father, was also attacked and injured in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16696643", "title": "Has MS Dhoni lost his spark?", "text": "RANCHI: After a dismal show at the ICC T20 World Cup, Team India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni returned to his hometown Ranchi, on Thursday. On his way out from the Birsa Munda International airport, Mahendra Singh Dhoni looked a bit weary, all with his grey stubble. Dressed in his causal best, he flashed a brilliant smile at the waiting media persons and screaming fans, before driving away in his brand new Landrover.Arguably, Dhoni is one of the best things that have happened to Ranchi. But, after a series of debacles -- most recent being the unceremonious exit from the ongoing T20 World Cup -- disappointed fans in this cricket crazed nation are raising questions on his capability as a captain.So much so, that even Ranchi-ites are now a divided lot, debating whether Dhoni should continue to lead or not.Santosh Raj, a student and a once-upon-a-time Dhoni fan, said, \"I feel Dhoni could really use some rest. His average strike rate is way down and he has not been able to maintain his form too. But since he is the captain and bought us so many victories, selectors may also feel inclined to retain him for other series. I guess it's time they start looking for an alternative and give chance to the younger lot.\"However, Sunil Verma, a businessman, begs to differ. He says, \"In our country, we have this habit of pouncing upon sportsmen whenever they lose any tournament. Jab tak acha khelte hain sab tareef karte hain but the moment they lose even a single match, they become villains. Just because Dhoni lost this tournament, we should not start doubting his capabilities. Instead, I think we should support the players when they go through a bad phase.\"Arvind Prasad, an ardent fan of Dhoni, too feels the same. \"Why should only Dhoni be sacked from the team? Cricket is a team game and if other players are not supporting the effort, why should the captain only take the blame? India lost the T20 World Cup because of other batsmen who failed to perform. They should also share the blame and face the axe,\" he quips.Shambo Chatterjee, a student, says, \"Personally, I don't care whether Dhoni remains the captain or not. He is still the best skipper we had in a long time. We should not forget that he brought us our second World Cup and is rated the best captain in the world in ICC rankings. But I feel that he is stressed out and should take a break from captaincy. Here, we must not forget that even Sachin Tendulkar's game suffered when he was made the skipper, but bounced back after he passed on the captaincy to Saurav Ganguly .\"Saumendra Bhagat, another student also feels that Dhoni should pass over the T20 captainship to the younger lot. \"Since T20 format requires a lot of energy and stamina, I think it is high time Dhoni gives way to younger players, for example, Suresh Raina or Gautam Gambhir . But he should be retained for the ODI and Test cricket as he has proved himself as a great strategist time and again,\" Saumendra concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692339", "title": "City gets 31.8 mm rain in an hour's spell", "text": "PUNE: The city recorded 31.8 mm rain in over an hour's span of heavy downpour on Thursday afternoon. The skies remained overcast for the better part of the afternoon and evening as it started raining around 2.15 pm and continued for the next over an hour.The India Meteorological Department's (IMD) Shivajinagar observatory recorded a total of 33 mm rain between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Thursday. However, a bulk of this rainfall occurred in the hour-long afternoon spell.A heavy downpour was also reported from the eastern outskirts of the city as the IMD's Lohegaon observatory recorded 35 mm rain during this period. \"We expect more such convective rain or thundershowers in the next 24 hours,\" an IMD officer said.Pune has now recorded a total of 99.5 mm rain for the post-monsoon season that began on October 1, following the end of the June-to-September southwest monsoon season. The rainfall recorded this month is over 50 mm more than the normal mark.Barring the city, rainfall activity was subdued in most parts of the state during the nine hours ending at 5.30 pm on Thursday. Only Mahabaleshwar recorded 7 mm rain, while Alibaug in Konkan and Goa region recorded 4 mm rain.In the 24 hours between 8.30 am on Wednesday and 8.30 am on Thursday, the city had received only 1.2 mm rain. \"There was no rainfall between 8.30 am and 11.30 am on Thursday and another 1.2 mm showers were recorded between 11.30 am and 2.30 pm,\" the IMD officer said.Meanwhile, the IMD has ruled out the possibility of the southwest monsoon making a further withdrawal from the central and adjoining eastern parts of the country in the next three days owing to the high moisture content in these regions.The monsoon withdrawal line continues to pass through parts of Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh. The situation has remained unchanged since September 26.The monsoon had started its retreat from the extreme parts of west Rajasthan on September 24 and has since withdrawn from the north and northwestern states. However, a further progress was stalled by the low pressure area that had developed over the west central Bay of Bengal and adjoining coastal Andhra Pradesh around September 26.Referring to the synoptic conditions that prevailed on Thursday, the IMD officer said, \"A north-south trough extends from Bihar to north Andhra Pradesh in the lower levels of the atmosphere. Similarly, an upper air cyclonic circulation over the east central Arabian sea off the Maharashtra coast persists.\"The two weather systems have influenced rain during the last 24 hours ending at 8.30 am on Thursday at most places in Marathwada, Telangana and coastal Karnataka and at many places in Konkan and Goa. Similarly, rainfall has occurred at a few places in central Maharashtra, between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south, and in the north interior Karnataka region.For the next 48 hours, the IMD has forecast rain or thundershowers at many places in Konkan and Goa, Odisha, north Andhra Pradesh, Gangetic West Bengal and Andaman and Nicobar Islands besides rain at a few places in central Maharashtra, Marathwada, Chhattisgarh, coastal Karnataka and north Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16693728", "title": "Pissurlem locals up in arms over water pollution", "text": "KERI: Residents of Pissurlem village in Sattari taluka have complained about pollution of water resources in the vicinity of the Pissurlem industrial estate, to sarpanch Vijay Parab.Speaking to TOI, Parab said, \"Black coloured water from the pipe of a packaging company is repeatedly released in the seasonal nullah, and this has polluted water bodies in the area.\"Milind Parab, a villager, agred, saying that \"The water of our wells is polluted, and we are unable to use it for drinking or other domestic purposes. The trees are also badly affected due to pollution\".When contacted, Arjun Pujari, the administrative manager of Suraksha Packers, a company manufacturing corrugated boxes, said, \"We have a soak pit inside the premises. We always treat water and no chemical residue is released. We take necessary care not to pollute water bodies.\"The former sarpanch of Pissurlem, Deepaji Rane, from Kumbharkhan, said, \"There is no check on water and air pollution caused by some industrial units in this area. Regular checks are the need of the hour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691340", "title": "Plea in HC alleging threat to Raj Bhavan", "text": "NAGPUR: A plea has been moved in the high court alleging the four-storey structure of JP construction poses security threat to Raj Bhavan. A division bench comprising Justices Pratap Hardas and Ashok Bhangale then issued notices to Town Planning Department, NMC and JP Construction asking them to file replies within four weeks.The petitioner, Mohan Karemore, through his counsel Shrikant Khandalkar contended that JP Construction had illegally erected the structure in front of Raj Bhavan. He claimed that security agencies had removed a nearby bus station in order to beef up the security, but ignored JP Construction's building which is being illegally used for commercial purpose.He added that the building has neither sought no-objection certificate (NoC) from the NMC nor secured clearance from the fire department. Moreover, the fourth floor has been illegally constructed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692320", "title": "Commuters pan 'premature' hike", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumer organizations and commuters have unanimously slammed the \"steep, premature and unwarranted\" hike in autorickshaw and taxi fares, which will come into effect on October 11.Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat has blamed \"inflated cost of repairs and other heads\" which were considered for hiking the fares. He said, \"The MMRTA has displayed an indecent haste in approving the hike. The MMRTA has abolished the 1.6km minimum fare slab in favour of 1.5km. Similarly, the meters must fall every 100 meters. For this, meters will have to recalibrated.\"Deshpande said activists would take a decision on the future course of action on the issue, including whether to move court, on Monday.Union leader Sharad Rao,too, said that recalibration of meters should not be insisted upon at this stage as \"in any case, mechanical meters are to be replaced with electronic ones by March 31, 2013\".Ghatkopar's Rohan E L said, \"The figures are beyond anybody's comprehension. Consider the minimum fare hike for autorickshaws. In percentage terms, it works out to 25%, which even the best of professionals struggle to get in the corporate world.\" Borivli's Sandesh Rawal added that he would hesitate to pay Rs 15 as minimum fare, when there was no guarantee that the meters would not be tampered with.Kurla's Naina Bindra, who travels to her Chembur workplace by autorickshaws said Mumbaikars are already grappling with an increase in prices of LPG, milk and other essentials. \"This has upset my monthly budget. I will have to consider travelling by BEST buses to ensure that I don't suffer a further dip in savings.\"Bandra's Rajesh Nair said while he does not grudge the hike, \"auto drivers' defiant attitude angers us. The government must take action against erring drivers, at least for cases of refusals\".Auto and taxi unions, on the other hand, have lapped up \"the bonanza\", saying it will go a long way in improving their standard of living. Union leader Rao said, \"Increase in the prices of essential commodities and other important services has burdened our citizens. Autorickshaw and taxi drivers are also a part of society who face the brunt of the high cost of living. The hike has vindicated our stand that auto ickshaw drivers were not getting their due remuneration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691169", "title": "Question mark on patrolling after robberies", "text": "NAGPUR: The recent incidents of robberies have exposed the serious shortcomings in the patrolling duty of city police. A reply from the police department under Right to Information Act shows that stretches where the robberies have taken place have been covered by the bike-borne Charlie commandos.On late Thursday evening, 24-year-old Amit Jain was robbed by an unidentified person who introduced himself as a cop before decamping with Rs5,000 in cash, from the lane behind a hotel on Central Bazar Road. Jain has lodged a complaint at Sitabuldi police station.Information procured through RTI showed that Sitabuldi police has two Charlie commandos patrolling from Jhansi Rani Chowk to Lokmat Bhavan Chowk and Central Bazaar Chowk to Alankar Talkies and University Library Chowk.Shubhangi and her husband Puroshattam Pathak were heading to their residence at Narendra Nagar when their scooter was intercepted by two unidentified miscreants on Tuesday night near Neeri gate on Wardha Road. The miscreants slapped Shubhangi and escaped with her gold chain. An offence was registered at the Dhantoli police station.The RTI reply had showed that the worst-affected Dhantoli police station where the cases of chain-snatching is highest in city has least numbers of bike-borne Charlie commandos. Senior PI MF Shende of Dhantoli police station has stated in the RTI reply that there are only three Charlie commandos but he failed to specify, like his other counterparts, the areas where they patrol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16693551", "title": "I-League: Champions Dempo's first test is Churchill Brothers Sports Club", "text": "MARGAO: Champions Dempo Sports Club will start the defence of their I-League title with a tricky clash against archrivals Churchill Brothers Sports Club at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda on Saturday.Dempo made it to the final of the Federation Cup before eventually losing to East Bengal in extra time, but, observers say, Churchill Brothers was the most impressive team in the competition. Technical director Subhash Bhowmick admits just as much and is now ready to make amends in the I-League, India's premier football competition.\"We could have been Federation Cup champions. Everyone said we played the most beautiful and attractive football,\" said Bhowmick.Bhowmick has majestically rebuilt Churchill Brothers following the departure of several big names. It is, however, the addition of Lebanese duo of Akram Moghrabi and Bilal Najjarin that could give the former champions an edge.Dempo coach Armando Colaco is typically cool. \"The result will mean nothing. There is a long way to go,\" said Colaco.Dempo will use a new striking pair of former Arsenal striker Rohan Ricketts and Ryuji Sueoka with Nigerian striker Koko Sakibo and Joaquim Abranches pencilled for a role in the second session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16691959", "title": "Police pick up clues in triple murder case", "text": "PUNE: The city police claimed to have picked up vital clues in the case of the gruesome triple murder on B T Kawade Road on Thursday.Shobha Masalkar (50), her daughter-in-law Archana (25) and Archana's daughter Kimaya (2) were found murdered in their flat in Champaratna housing society in Udaybaug on Thursday night. Madhusudan Kulkarni (85), a neighbour of the Masalkars, was also found severely injured. The incident came to light when Masalkar's son Vishwajeet returned home around 8.30 pm.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone-IV) Manoj Patil told TOI that the police have found some vital leads in the case. \"We are working on it,\" he added.A senior officer said the crime branch have procured CCTV footage from nearby buildings. \"We have got some important clues from the footage,\" he said.The police have also sent a team outside the city for investigations.The Wanowrie police shifted Kulkarni to the Sassoon general hospital for treatment. The police suspect that robbery was the motive behind the murders as Vishwajeet had told the police that Rs 7,000 and some gold ornaments were missing from the flat.The police are also questioning Vishwajeet as the investigations have revealed that he had taken leave from his office for the marriage of his friend. He, however, did not attend the marriage ceremony. \"We are investigating the case from all angles,\" said the officer.Asked about Kulkarni's condition, Patil said, Kulkarni is stable and recovering. \"The suspects had hit Kulkarni on his head with a blunt object. They might have left him thinking that he was dead,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16690946", "title": "Farmers keep their fingers crossed", "text": "Lingaraju and Parvathi, a dalit couple from remote Chikkabyadarhalli village in the district downstream of river Cauvery, are living on a hope and prayer. Their immediate worry is to transplant the paddy seedlings before the sunset to utilize the water released from the KRS dam.They have taken 30 guntas of land on lease from a landlord and decided to cultivate paddy with an intention to reap some benefits which can take care of their daughter's education . \"We have to pay 5.5 quintals of paddy to the land owner and the remaining yield should take care of our food needs and the expenditure of my daughter's education (she is a PU student),'' Parvathi said. She is hoping that the authorities will release water to their field till this paddy crop is harvested.Parvathi's case is a clear reflection of the mood among the farmers in the Cauvery belt.The standing paddy crop in Mandya district needs water till mid-January. While some farmers have already transplanted paddy, the others are involved in transplanting activities hoping that the authorities will take care of their water needs. Even Annegowda, a fairly big farmer from the village with 2.5 acres of irrigated land, is against TN\"s demand at this juncture. \"Governments should understand that when we have a glass of water, we can share half of it. If we don't have even half glass of water, how we can share with others,\" he added.Agricultural experts say that the standing paddy crop in the Cauvery delta needs water at least till mid-January. \"Any justification on this score at this juncture looks prejudiced. We are distributing pamphlets in the villages asking farmers to shun fresh paddy cultivation, but farmers want to cultivate it,'' said Sangaiah, Joint director of agriculture, Mandya.Not only the new paddy crop, even the already cultivated crop will yield less if the water release is reduced. It would be difficult to save the crop with no rain in the Cauvery catchment area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692784", "title": "Mosquito menace reined in", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After having health officials on tenterhooks for four months, the mosquito's deadly bite has ebbed. Against 4,701 malaria cases in August alone across 165 city-based hospitals, the numbers have dropped to 2,287 cases in September. This was a big respite as September signals the onset of mosquito-related diseases.In August last year, there were just 2,882 malaria cases against more than 4,000 in the corresponding period this year. One concern for municipal health authorities was the number of dengue cases in the city. Against 142 cases in September last year, the municipal authorities recorded 72 cases this year. Falciparum cases didn't see much reduction between August and September this year. Major city hospitals reported 617 cases in August and 650 in September. In comparison, in September last year there were 1,142 falciparum cases.\"We started fever clinics in every zonal hospital to follow up on every patient. Door to door visits by health workers were also a major reason for the drastic drop in mosquito-related cases. We took 4.31 lakh-odd blood samples for examination for mosquito diseases. Besides, punitive measures for stagnant water in open plots and at construction sites was also a major factor in mosquito control,\" said AMC commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16694094", "title": "Car that's smart enough to drive and park itself", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have unveiled a new smart electric car that is able to park itself and come to the driver when \"called\".Nissan's NSC-2015 is only a prototype, but its name suggests that the carmaker aims to have it on the market by 2015, the 'BBC News' reported. However, one analyst warned that the mass use of such cars was a long way off.The NSC-2015 is a modified version of Nissan's Leaf model and was launched at the Ceatec 2012 show in Tokyo . The car relies on sensors, cameras, computers and 4G communication technology for wireless links to navigate, and robotics to turn the steering wheel, change gears and brake.The car drove itself at about 5km/h in a straight line forward and in reverse, and was able to turn, during a demonstration. The car could recognize road markings and was able to stop at a crossing. \"After the driver exits the NSC-2015, it starts to park itself automatically, following the instructions given by smartphone,\" the company said.\"The vehicle looks for a vacant parking space while identifying its surroundings; once it detects an open parking space automated parking begins. \"The driver can also use smartphone commands to make the NSC-2015 vehicle leave the parking space and return to the place where he or she is,\" it said.The car's security system automatically works with a camera installed in the vehicle. If the system detects suspicious behaviour, the driver is alerted automatically by a report to his or her smartphone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692194", "title": "Trainees say IT firm head escaped with their Rs 5 crore", "text": "CHENNAI: A hunt is on for the chairman and CEO of an IT company near Tambaram who reportedly vanished with nearly Rs 5 crore from more than 500 trainees.Police said Venugopal Sharma, chairman of Krishna Murthy Info, and his wife Leena Sharma, CEO, of Andhra Pradesh, took more than 500 engineers as traineesThe trainees were asked to execute a bond for 2 lakh for three years and pay sums ranging from 50,000 to 80,000 as 'caution deposit'. They would have to undergo three months of training, they were told. The trainees, who had come to know of the firm through friends, approached the chairman when they were not paid stipend or salary during the training period. On October 1, they were issued cheques which bounced.They again attempted to contact the chairman and CEO but were told that the two had gone out of town, Mohammad Faisal, a trainee, said.\"We trusted the firm as a state minister came to inaugurate the Tambaram branch and the company claimed to have branches in Pallavaram, Hyderabad, and Bangalore,\" he said.Many of the trainees lodged a complaint at the Tambaram police station but alleged that no action was taken. Then they approached the police commissionerate seeking intervention to get back their money and the original certificates that they had handed over to the company. The Tambaram police registered a case and are searching for the company chairman and his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16691323", "title": "I-League: Tricky opener for Mohun Bagan", "text": "KOLKATA: Less than a fortnight after Mohun Bagan made an unceremonious exit from the Federation Cup, it's time for the green and maroons to kick off their I-League campaign. And they have a tricky tie on Saturday, against Shillong Lajong FC at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in Shillong.On paper, Mohun Bagan look the stronger outfit, especially because of the presence of strike duo of Okolie Odafa and Tolgay Ozbey, who are capable of ripping apart any defence on their day.But Lajong have proved to be a hard nut to crack at home. So it's hardly going to be an easy opener for Santosh Kashyap's men, who will have to shake off the rustiness that plagued their game in Siliguri last month.Tolgay, who suffered an injury in their very first match of the Federation Cup, is likely to start alongside Odafa, and the coach will surely be hoping that one of them gets an early goal to bring back the self-belief in the team.For that to materialise, though, the midfield will have to function smoothly as well. Their backline will be led by Echezona Anyichie, the third foreigner. Lajong, on the other hand, will depend on their speedy football to test the Mohun Bagan defence.John Menyongar, who had a good last season, will be the one orchestrating midfield play and Mohun Bagan would do well to keep a check on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16692991", "title": "Better living is important than long living: Expert", "text": "PATNA: Every work however big or small has its own importance and deserves respect and recognition. Long living isn't important, better living is important. These were the words of wisdom shared by trainer in management skills Sunil Keshwani to staff and students of Birla Institute of Technology Patna (BITP) at a workshop on Friday.Keshwani conducted an activity 'Travel Light' where the audience were questioned about issues that burdened their lives.Motivational video clips added value to Keshwani's tips. \"A common setback that people go through is the incapability or hesitation in starting any work,\" said Keshwani, adding, \"what is important is to start a work rather than thinking about its outcome and once you start, the world is sure to follow.\"General discussions on job interviews and group discussions were held to help students during placement time. Several queries of students related to the corporate world were also answered by Keshwani. The three-day personality development workshop that concluded on Friday was also attended by BITP director SL Gupta and several faculty members.Lalit Narayan Mishra institute: Dual degree course of Masters in Applied Management (MAM) at the Lalit Narayan Mishra Institute of Economic Development and Social Change has got recognition from the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) from the 2012 session. Earlier, BBA and BCA courses (session 2012-15) also commenced at the institute. Institute executive director Jagannath Mishra expressed his gratitude to the AICTE and the state government for getting the new courses started at the institute.PU employees' association: About 19 members of Patna University (PU) employees association went on a two-day fast starting Friday demanding removal of finance officer, recruitment of kin of deceased employees, increase in grade-pay of fourth grade employees and clearance of arrears among other things. The members alleged that VC and registrar of PU had assured to clear all matters in July itself but that did not happen. The workers threatened to intensify their agitation if their demands are not fulfilled.Patna Women's College: Patna Women's College will organize its alumni meet on the college premises on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16694135", "title": "Ex GSVM principal accused of \u2018jugaad\u2019 in electricity bill", "text": "KANPUR: The former principal of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College, Dr Anand Swaroop, who remained mired in controversy during the BSP regime, is in for some fresh embarrassment after an RTI query raised suspicions of 'jugaad' in his electricity bill.The RTI query filed by BL Gulabia, an office bearer of Uttar Pradesh Rajya Karamchari Sangh revealed that the electricity bill of Swaroop's seven-room bungalow for a month came to around 750 rupees, while subordinate staff staying in single room quarters paid upwards of Rs 1200 per month for electricity consumption. Swaroop, who has earlier faced allegations of demanding extra fees from students and being biased against SC/ST students, has been allotted bungalow number 4 of P block in the medical college. The bungalow has seven rooms and three air conditioners installed. The electricity bill of the house in the month of January, 2011 was Rs 733, the RTI query found, which also discovered that the rent of the house is Rs 424 which is regularly paid by the ex-principal.Gulabia said it was mysterious that all class IV employees in the vicinity paid more than 1500 rupees as electricity bill every month, while senior doctors including the ex-principal paid much less.Attempts to contact Dr Anand Swaroop for his version went in vain as he did not receive calls. Meanwhile, BL Vishavakarma, junior engineer assigned at all the buildings associated with GSVM said the electricity bill of Dr Swaroop's bungalow was as low as Rs 733 only for one month, and that too in winters when ACs are not required. He said the ex-principal is paying Rs 4000 to 5000 rupees per month as electricity bill, just like senior doctors and nurses living in their official bungalows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16693714", "title": "Activists demand sufficient drinking water supply in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Volunteers of Bhrashtachar Nirmulan Jan Andolan, Nashik District Consumer Forum, Shetkari Sanghatana and Senior Citizens' Association observed a 'ghantanad andolan' (protest by ringing bells) in front of Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan on Friday, demanding sufficient water supply.The volunteers said though there is provision for drinking water reservation and despite the Gangapur Dam being 84% full, citizens are facing water cuts. They have demanded that citizens be provided with 100% water supply. They have demanded that since water cut has been imposed, the water cess should 50% and the difference should be refunded. The volunteers have warned of a stronger agitation if water is supplied from dams in Nashik to Ahmednagar and Aurangabad districts.\"On June 18, the NMC gave in writing to Bhrashtachar Nirmulan Jan Andolan that it has given a letter to the water resources department (irrigation department) about reservation of drinking water. It promised that after a joint meeting , the decision to provide water twice a day will be taken, but till now nothing has been done, ,\" said Vilas Deole of the Consumer Forum and Vikas Kavde of Bhrashtachar Nirmulan Jan Andolan.The volunteers wanted to present their grievances to the civic chief but left without meeting him. Executive engineer of the NMC's water supply department R K Pawar said, \"We have asked for more water reservation to the irrigation department and the decision will be taken after the joint meeting .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16694126", "title": "Hazaribag admn evicts illegal occupants from govt land", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The district administration has finally taken action against the land mafia who had illegal possession of government land in the Matwari locality of Hazaribag town. The 5.29 acre of land was earmarked for the construction of a multi-storeyed hostel for tribal students. The welfare department had begun the construction work.The district welfare officer lodged a complaint with the deputy commissioner, Manish Ranjan, alleging the illegal occupants of not allowing them to construct the building. He accused them of getting the land settled in their name in connivance with a former circle officer (CO) of Hazaribag sadar circle, the government surveyor, circle inspector and the revenue karmachari.A team led by additional collector Shekhar Verma was sent to the spot to inquire into the matter. Verma found that khas mahal holding no-304 (building lease) and plot no 305 measuring 5.29 acre, meant for developing an orchard had been wrongfully and illegally settled by former government officials in gross violation of the existing rules. On receiving the inquiry report, Ranjan asked Verma to cancel the illegal settlements and take possession of the land and initiate legal action against the concerned government officials who were allegedly involved in this land scam. He also directed him to lodge complaint against those officials who have fraudulently cheated the state exchequer.In the wake of such incidents, Ranjan ordered Verma to hold a detailed inquiry into the other illegally occupied lands, complaints about which keep pouring in every day.Meanwhile, Ranjan wrote to the CBSE Board for the immediate cancellation of the registration and affiliation of St Stephens School, a premier school of Hazaribag, for providing wrong information to the Board to get affiliated. In his letter, Ranjan pointed out that the land shown by the school management does not belong to them and hence action must be taken against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16692736", "title": "Two more emu farming promoters arrested", "text": "COIMBATORE: As part of the continuing crackdown on perpetrators of the emu contract farming scam in Western Tamil Nadu , the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of state police on Friday arrested two partners of Perundurai-based Sudhi Emu Farms from Erode corporation bus stand. The arrested have been identified as S Thamizhnesan (32) and his partner C Vasu (45). Both had been evading arrest for the last 45 days ever since the scam came to light.While Tamizhnesan hails from Chennimalai, Vasu is from Perundurai. As per the petitions received by EOW, the firm had collected Rs 2, 16,00,000 from 171 investors across the state. Their manager Yuvaraj is still absconding and EOW sleuths have intensified their search for him. According to police, Thamizhnesan and Vasu started the firm based on the success of Susi Emu Farms. They began their own firm with the help of Yuvaraj.According to officials, promoters of 53 such firms and their senior officers in the Perundurai region are still on the run. Though M S Guru, promoter of the largest emu farming firm in Perundurai, was arrested three weeks ago, most others are still evading arrest.According to Perundurai DSP T Gunasekharan, serious irregularities have been found in the functioning of other major farms in Perundurai including Queen Emu Farms, Sugi Emu Farms, The Traders, The Emu Farms, Sree Emu Farms and Nidhi Emu Farms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16693006", "title": "Cabinet OKs Rs 225crore for handpumps", "text": "PATNA: Now, lawmakers in Bihar can make recommendations for installation of handpumps in their respective constituencies.The state cabinet on Friday approved a public health engineering department's proposal for launching a new scheme - 'Mukhyamantri Chapakal Yojna' - which allows for installation of handpumps on the recommendations of MLAs/MLCs. The cabinet also sanctioned Rs 225.29 crore for the installation of 55,240 handpumps under the scheme in the 38 districts in the current financial year (2012-13), their upkeep and repair in the next three years.An MLC can now recommend installation of 100 handpumps per annum in his/her selected district, while an MLA can every year recommend five handpumps per gram panchayat in rural area, three per ward in corporation area, two per ward in Nagar Parishad and one per ward in Nagar Panchayat area, depending on the total area of his/her assembly constituency.\"The total number of handpumps to be recommended by an MLA will solely depend on the number of gram panchayats/wards in a particular assembly constituency,\" the cabinet coordination department's principal secretary (in charge) Vijay Prakash said on Friday.The cabinet also approved a proposal of the agriculture department for setting up of 210 e-Kisan Bhavans in the state. \"The proposed e-Kisan Bhavans will bring qualitative improvement in training of farmers, which will increase productivity in agriculture sector,\" state agriculture secretary N Vijayalakshmi said in a communique. It also allowed withdrawal of Rs 44 crore as advance from the Bihar Contingency Fund for the implementation of different fisheries development programmes.The cabinet also approved a home (prison) department's proposal for revision in the daily wages being paid to convicted prisoners for works done by them in different jails. As per the approved proposal, the convicted prisoners would now be paid Rs 80 (for non-skilled work), Rs 87 (semi-skilled) and Rs 121 (skilled work) for every eight hours of work.It also approved another proposal of home (prison) department for creation of five posts of section officers and 20 of assistants for constitution of five additional sections in the prison Inspectorate at the headquarters level to ensure effective monitoring of prison administration in the state.BOXNod for renovationof Gandak canalThe cabinet on Friday gave its administrative approval to renovation work of the western Gandak canal (Saran main canal and its tributaries) at an estimated cost of Rs 2,169.51 crore. The works will include extension, renovation and modernization of different tributaries. The renovation works, if funded, would be completed in the next five financial years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16692715", "title": "Dasara info is just a click away", "text": "MYSORE: \"Will you be in Mysore to celebrate Dasara this year?\" About 95% of those who have responded to this query on Dasara official website www.mysoredasara.gov.in have said 'yes'.The district administration is carrying out the poll to know how many netizens are interested in visiting Mysore for Dasara. More and more people are making queries on Dasara, the ongoing Cauvery agitation notwithstanding. Going by the poll, of the 158 (who have voted till Thursday evening), 95% voters have said that \"they will visit Mysore to witness the carnival\".This apart, 70 persons have enquired about the details of various events like tickets and passes.Suma, one of the respondents, on Thursday sought a list of Dasara programmes, while another sought info about sky-diving. Shakeel has put up a post, showing interest to open a stall to sell leather products in Mysore.One of the queries has come from overseas. Three weeks ago, Patrick from France had asked where and how can he buy \"Dussera gold card\". The district authorities have replied to majority of the queries. Officials have asked Patrick to follow them on their Facebook page for regular updates. Interested visitors can also get details over chatting.Serving the netizensTo facilitate the netizens spread across the world, Dasara officers have created Dasara pages on many social network sites.Over 400 surfers are promoting Dasara website on Facebook, while some are doing the same on Twitter.Dasara websiteThe Dasara website provides complete information about Dasara-2012, including those related to proposed 15-minute flight tours and the army show. This season, the administration has planned to offer aerial rides to the visitors.However, the programme list and issuing of tickets and gold cards are yet to be finalized. Various sub-committees have been formed to ensure successful and peaceful Dasara. Even the website provides details of places of tourism interest in and around Mysore, complete with details on hotels and restaurants. Officials have published the names of about 100 hotels, including 60 vegetarian ones. Public can get information either through online chat or post their queries.Languagues aplentyThe website provides information in 60 different languages, including Kannada, Hindi, French and Hebrew, with a view to woo tourists from every part of the globe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693661", "title": "At JNU, close your eyes to feel a world without sight", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's pitch-dark. There's no glimmer of light. The darkness does unnerve you at first, but then you tell yourself that the experience may not last long. You are provided a cane and asked to navigate through a path full of obstacles. The only thing that guides you is a voice.I was nervous when volunteers blindfolded me at the ongoing exhibition on the lives of the visually impaired, Antarchakshu. The unique event, being held at JNU's Convention Centre, uses simulation exercises and games to help visitors understand and explore the world of the visually impaired. The blindfold was tied tightly, so all my attempts at peeking went in vain. I was asked to feel the surface with my cane and move ahead. Fearing an obstacle at every step, I felt my palms sweat. It was an ordeal far tougher than my daily tribulations.My second task was to climb a flight of stairs on the directions of a volunteer; I also crossed a mini bridge. In the beginning, I thought that I would fall and embarrass myself. But another 10 minutes into the drill and I felt quite confident. Being blindfolded for some time seems to enhance the power of intuition. True indeed. I was starting to develop an intuition for obstacles.Then there were games for which I had to rely on my ability to feel. Volunteers asked me to collect coins worth Rs 7 from a bowl of new coins. The smooth surface of the coins was deceptive. I was asked to repeat the drill with a bowl of old coins. The rough edges of the Rs 5 coin made my task easier the second time. The exercise made me realize how much minute details count.Being at the exhibition was a humbling experience. Not just the simulation exercises but even the technology on display offered an insight into how blindness can be conquered. The tools included talking ATMs, braille keypads, talking calculators, a colour identifier, a braille typewriter and software that can convert any script into a voiceover.Kirti Singh, an MPhil student of diplomacy and disarmament at JNU manages to read her text through the computers at the JNU lab that are equipped with special software. \"Even my phone has the same software. I can check mail, work and attend calls with no difficulty,\" she said pointing at the keys of her mobile. Kirti was more articulate than many students I have interacted with. She described the blindfolded exercise as a tiny insight into the day-to-day activities of the blind. \"There are many misconceptions about blindness. People think that blind children cannot study or play. But these processes are normal for us. I think people around us need to be a little more sensitive,\" she says.At the end of the exhibition, one can also watch a movie with audio description. Organized by Xavier's Resource Centre for the Visually Challenged (XRCVC) and other NGOs, the exhibition is being held for the first time in Delhi. It is open on October 6 from 10am to 5.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16691084", "title": "I am quick enough for F1, says Sergio Perez", "text": "NEW DELHI: He is known as the 'Mexican wunderkid' on the Formula One grid. And going by the talent he has shown in his fledgling F1 career, Sergio 'Checo' Perez is certainly destined for great things.Ferrari might have ignored the Mexican but McLaren were not prepared to forego the opportunity. With Lewis Hamilton exiting McLaren at the end of this season, team boss Martin Whitmarsh immediately snapped up Perez from Sauber.The Mexican lacks experience but has already come close to victory twice this season with second place finishes in Malaysia and more recently at Monza during the Italian Grand Prix. For him Ferrari might have been an option but never the final destination.\"The place I got is the best place I can be and I'm so, so happy and thankful also for them (Ferrari) because at the time they helped me a lot to come into Formula One. I'm moving forward and I want to thank McLaren for taking me aboard and trusting me,\" Perez told TOI on Friday.Sauber signed up the prodigy from Ferrari Driver Academy in 2011, making him only the fifth Mexican driver in Formula One since Hector Rebaque in 1977. But 2012 has been the breakthrough season for the youngster, as he has pushed even the likes of Fernando Alonso .\"When you enter Formula One as a driver you dive into an entirely new world. There are so many things you have to get used to and to learn. I never had a doubt that I was quick enough for Formula One, but just in my second season I found myself capable for the job,\" Perez, who currently lives in Schindellegi, Switzerland, said.Perez's current team Sauber have also made remarkable progress this season with both drivers consistently pushing the top-runners for the podium positions. \"Sauber is a very good team and they have done an amazing job in developing this year's car. They have managed to sort out the weaknesses last year's car had and got in some innovative solutions as well,\" he said.In just a couple of weeks' time, Perez will be making his second appearance at the Airtel Indian Grand Prix and will look to improve on a 10th place finish last year. \"The Sauber C31 is a great car and I want to get in a better result than the 10th place. If you have had three podiums you set yourself higher targets.\"I liked the circuit in Greater Noida last year. It is always a welcome opportunity to go somewhere completely new. To discover a new circuit is always something special,\" Perez said about the Buddh International Circuit.Checo also hopes to visit the Taj Mahal some day.\"I found the people in India very friendly. Unfortunately last year I had no time at all to get to see anything else but the airport and the circuit. I would love to explore the country and maybe one day I'll have a chance to visit the Taj Mahal,\" the 22-year-old said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692515", "title": "Many medicos fail to become doctors", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 127 medical and dental students have been trying to get their degrees for the last 10 years. So far 857 students of the state medical university, including 217 pharmacy and 395 physiotherapy students, haven't been able to finish their courses even after double the duration of their course. Some medical students haven't completed their course for 24 years.By next week, when the university releases the results for first year MBBS students, it will also announce that it has discharged 770 students, including 18 medicos, from the course.The rest have been given a specific term to complete the course as they have applied for a one-time scheme that allows lagging students to clear papers. \"Those who have completed double the term and have not availed the offer will not be able to continue their course,\" said university vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan. Until 2011, students were allowed to repeat their examination every year. In August 2011, the university decided to fix a time frame. So, medical students can't continue their course if they do not pass out after 11 years.Similarly, a nursing and pharmacy student has to complete her course in eight years. \"There is no point in allowing them to continue. This is the best way to weed out students who aren't fit for the course. We have also decided to not give more than five grace marks,\" said Dr Natarajan. More MBBS and BDS students have been failing in exams in the last couple of years following stringent norms.This year the pass percentage of final year dental students was 41% against 70% in 2011. Last year, the university relaxed the 50% minimum marks in each paper for MBBS students after nearly 40% of them failed to clear the exams.On October 8, the university will again insist they secure 50% marks.\"This time students were informed in advance and they had adequate time to prepare,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692702", "title": "Incentives for heritage homes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you are a heritage building owner in the city, get ready for some mouth watering incentives from the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) in the coming budget year. Expect tax exemptions, incentives for specific commercial use and even offers from corporate houses for building repairs as part of corporate social responsibility (CSR).In a meeting called by the heritage committee convened by the municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra on Friday, it was made very clear that policies and incentive schemes for the heritage home owners need to fructify. The issue of enforcement of heritage regulations that restricts illegal repairs and construction need to be looked into. The committee also discussed ways of making preservation a case for corporate social responsibility (CSR). The possibility of corporate houses, or individuals funding repair works and adopting buildings or even rooms in a heritage building was also discussed.During his meeting with the Archeological Survey of India (ASI) and the Union culture secretary last week, Mohapatra, was categorically told to prepare a heritage management plan for the walled city.This plan is necessary because the AMC is eyeing JNNURM-2 funding in which the heritage component is significant. \"The second phase of JNNURM funding next year will lay emphasis on projects that will help improve the living conditions in historic precincts of Indian cities.Ahmedabad stands a strong chance if it has a roadmap ready,\" says an AMC official. Among major plans that have been drawn by the committee, are capacity building for heritage building owners, using inventory list of heritage buildings for awareness and tourism activities.Besides this are plans to formulate policies that will see conservation in the light of development plan for the city. Heritage management plan, GDCR changes that will offer transfer of development rights, property tax exemptions and extra FSI are other incentives that the committee will examine.The official adds, \"A management plan is a pre-requisite even before the dossier for 'Ahmedabad for world heritage city status' is submitted before Unesco. With Delhi close on heels, vying for the coveted Unesco status, Ahmedabad still stands a strong chance. provided it is able to show to Unesco that becoming a world heritage city emanates from its people's aspiration. Awareness campaigns to sensitize people regarding their own heritage is a must now,\" says a senior AMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16694037", "title": "Rajbir to take decision on merger with BJP: Kalyan", "text": "LUCKNOW: Party workers of Jan Kranti Party on Friday authorised party president Rajbir Singh to take a final call on future course of action including merger with the Bharatiya Janata Party .\"We discussed UP's political scenario in detail, took feedback from the workers on prospects of Lok Sabha elections due in 2014. The workers authorised Rajbir to take decision on party's future strategy,\" Kalyan Singh told reporters after the meeting. Avoiding direct answer to the queries on joining the BJP, he denied meeting any senior BJP leader in recent past and said that Rajbir will take final decision on JKP's course of action.Though Kalyan Singh was evasive, sources said that he does not want anything for himself and is working to establish is son and grandson in politics. \"Babuji (Kalyan) is not keen on contesting Lok Sabha elections in 2014 due to poor health, but wants a post in BJP (organisation) or Rajya Sabha nomination for Raju Bhaiyya (son Rajbir) and a post for grandson Sanju in BJP's youth wing. Now it depends on the BJP,\" said a JKP leader.There are differences in BJP over Kalyan's return, but a section believes that there is no harm, if not any gain, in Kalyan's homecoming. State BJP president Laxmikant Bajpayi, when asked about possibilities of taking back Kalyan in the BJP, said that nothing is impossible in politics. Senior leader Vinay Katiyar said he is in favour of Kalyan's return. Former BJP national president Rajnath Singh said that he will welcome Kalyan.Sources said that BJP national president Nitin Gadkari is keen on bringing back Kalyan as he did in case of Uma Bharti, former chief minister of Madhya Pradesh. First offer of return was given to Kalyan before UP assembly polls earlier this year, but he refused. Now, sources said, plans are afoot to hold a rally in Lucknow after UP BJP organisational election are over later this year. Singh may take part in the rally and join BJP formally.However, those opposing Kalyan's homecoming point out that he is a spent force in politics. His party got only 1.28% votes in 2012 UP assembly polls. Discussions are also underway in the RSS over the issue. Some RSS functionaries are of the view that the BJP should look for young leaders rather the old, sources said. But, pro-Hindutava hardliners are of the view that Kalyan along with Uma Bharti, can attract non-Yadav OBC votes from rival parties.Kalyan first left BJP in 1999 over differences with top brass and formed Rashtriya Kranti Party. In 2003, he supported SP government, but went back to BJP in 2004 and won Lok Sabha election from Bulandshahr. In 2007 assembly polls, he was projected as BJP's chief minister candidate, but party performed poorly. He left BJP again in 2009 and allied with SP, and won Lok Sabha poll from Etah but parted ways in 2010 and formed JKP.The JKP was formed by former Uttar Pradesh (UP) chief minister and Rajbir's father Kalyan Singh after he left BJP in 2009. Kalyan is JKP's patron and is said to be weighing the option of joining BJP after failing to make any impact with his new party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692654", "title": "BJP failed to appoint staff in technical colleges: Congress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Technical education in the state has been relegated to the backburner by the chief minister during his 10 year rule, the Congress has said.\"In 2002 there was a shortage of 505 lecturers in the state, today the shortage is 1,704 lecturers in government colleges,\" claimed Congress spokesperson, Manish Doshi.Doshi alleged that the state government's inefficiency had led to several institutes including polytechnics and engineering colleges functioning without a full-time principal. He said that during the his 10 years rule, Modi allowed colleges to function with just four full-time principals between 16 engineering colleges. There are 159 vacancies in the 253 sanctioned posts for heads of department. He claimed that in the lecturer category, against 2,451 sanctioned posts, 1,704 were vacant.He said, in the absence of professors and lecturers, students were not given quality education. He said corruption was at its peak during BJP rule. He also said that the government has given preference to self-financed colleges and ruined the quality of education in government colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16692581", "title": "BJP Mahila Morcha to hold protest on Oct 12", "text": "MANGALORE: The BJP Mahila Morcha is gearing up for a protest against a move by the UPA II government to limit the number of subsidized domestic LPG cylinder refills per household to six each financial year on October 12. Mahila morcha units of the party will hold protests across the state at 11am on that day demanding the UPA government withdraw the move, which the morcha said is anti-poor and hurts women the most.Savitri Kulgeri, a national executive member of the BJP told reporters here on Thursday that the move to hike price of diesel and place a cap on number of subsidized LPG refills is condemnable. \"The UPA government apart from regularly hiking the fuel prices has lost all control over oil marketing companies (OMC),\" she said, adding that the situation now has reached a stage where the OMCs are raising fuel prices at their own will.Rice in price of diesel has a cascading effect on prices of all essential commodities. The Mahila Morcha on directions from the party leadership has decided to hit the streets to convey the voice of the common man to the UPA leadership. \"If the UPA government fails to rescind the decision, we will will further intensify the protest,\" she added.The price of non-subsidized LPG bottle price in Mangalore is now Rs 875, while LPG supplied to educational, charitable institutions is Rs 1,124. Subsidized LPG bottles each fiscal as per current prices is Rs 405 here.Padmanabha Kottari, president of DK unit of BJP, said the district unit has made an appeal to the state government to lower the cess on petroleum products and also provide additional subsidised LPG bottles to consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692658", "title": "Kin of Thangadh firing victims demand CBI probe, compensation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Relatives of the three Dalit youths who died from police firing on September 22 and 23 at Thangadh in Surendranagar district, spoke to mediapersons in Ahmedabad on Friday, and put forth their demands seeking justice.Valji Rathod, Chandrika Rathod, Babu Rathod and Amarsinh Sumra, the parents of the deceased, demanded a CBI investigation, punitive action against senior police officers and monetary compensation.Babu Solanki, an eyewitness, recounted the events of September 22. \"On that day, some Dalit youths were beaten up by Bharwads at a local fair, after which the atmosphere heated up. That night, a group of around 50 people started off for the police chowky when policemen stopped them. They refused to listen to the pleas and instead, started dispersing the crowd and eventually opened fire. Pankaj Sumra, 16, was hit by a bullet,\" he said.The deaths of Mehul Rathod, 17, and Prakash Parmar, 26, occurred the following day, when a group took out a rally from the dalit vaas. Chana Vaniya, who tried to save Parmar, was also hit by a bullet.The group demanded that atrocity sections be invoked on the accused. \"The names of Surendranagar and Jamnagar district superintendents of police - who were at the spot - and Rajkot range inspector general of police should be included in the complaint, and they should be removed from the positions. The aggrieved families should be given Rs 10 lakh and 10 acres land each as compensation. Many Dalit youths have been booked for attempt to murder by the police wrongfully. They should be freed of the criminal charges,\" said social activists at the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693657", "title": "Government nod for 6 infrastructure projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gearing up for the 2013 elections, the Delhi government cleared six infrastructure projects worth Rs 1,136 crore on Friday. As part of the projects, over 7,500 rooms will be built for construction labourers and 3,600 dwelling units will be constructed for the poor.The projects, to be implemented under Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewable Mission ( JNNRUM), were approved at a meeting of the state-level steering committee on JNNURM headed by chief minister Sheila Dikshit . After the meeting, Dikshit said Rs 906 crore will be spent on the construction of 7,672 rooms having dormitory facilities for labourers involved in construction work. The committee also approved a housing project under which 3,600 dwelling units will come up for the economically weaker sections at Kanjhawala. The units are estimated to cost Rs 229.83 crore.\"The move will help in making Delhi slum free,\" said a senior officer, emphasizing the need to provide accommodation to workers who come from all over the country and put up at slums. The proposed dormitories, however, will be given on a rental basis to firms and contractors for stay of migrant workers.A total of 3,052 rooms will be constructed at Kanjhawala under two separate projects while another 4,620 rooms will come up in the Samaspur area. The government also plans to provide vocational and skill development training to labourers during their stay in the dormitories. The project to construct 3,600 dwelling units will be implemented by the government's premier infrastructure development agency DSIIDC while tenders will be floated for the construction of dormitories.The Committee also gave ex-post facto approval to DMRC for the purchase of 228 non air-conditioned mini feeder buses. Earlier, it had given its nod to the purchase of air-conditioned mini feeder buses. The meeting was attended by all ministers in the Delhi government, the mayor of South Delhi Municipal Corporation and a number of MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16693727", "title": "Blood donation drive at Saligao", "text": "The Saligao citizen's forum will organize a blood donation drive on October 7, between 9.30am and 1.30pm, at the Saligao panchayat hall. The blood donation drive is being with the assistance of the Goa Medical College, Bambolim.Jumble sale at Don Bosco, PANAJI: Anchor of Hope will organize a jumble sale on October 6 and 7 at Don Bosco High School, Panaji. The sale will conducted from 6pm onwards on October 6, and from 7am to 7pm on October 7. Among the items on sale will books, household items, bags, clothes and toys.Dine and dance at Clube Harmonia: A 'Konkani Kariavollichi Sanz' dine and dance with Goan buffet by Josheela caterers will be held at the premises of Clube Harmonia de Margao on October 6 from 7pm onwards. With 'Fortes trio' and Lulu at her Konkani cantaram best, comedian Ambe and comedian Ben Evengelisto will also perform along with well known singers. The mood setter for the Konkani show will be 'Agnel de Borim'. The dress code is Goan casuals. Gate passes may be collected from the club office. For further details, contact the club office (Tel-2714818).Singer Chrystal Farrell on radio: Singer Chrystal Farrell will be featured on the radio show 'Indigo Goa Grooves' on October 7 at 5pm, on 91.9 FM. The show is produced and hosted by Colin D'Cruz every Sunday.Vipassana meditation course at Alto Porvorim:Goa Vipassana Samiti will organize its monthly, one-day Vipassana meditation course on October 7 from 10am to 4pm, at 'Queen Laura', opposite Patrao Plaza, next to Axle Height, Alto Porvorim. Conducted by an assistant teacher of Vipassana, this course is held every first Sunday of the month at the same venue. It is only for old students who have already learnt the technique in a 10-day Vipassana course, as taught by S N Goenka, in the tradition of Sayagyi U Ba Khin. All courses in this tradition are free of cost. For more information, call on 9822122020, 9422641206 or 2409999.Walking tours in capital city:'Cholta cholta' walking tours are being conducted around Panaji and its surroundings. The first tour of the season will be held on October 6 at 8am, and will start at GPO square, Sao Tome, Panaji.For details and confirmation, call on 7709311929.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16694022", "title": "Ramlila grounds in city lying in shambles", "text": "KANPUR: With just 10 days left for the festival of Navratri and Ramlila, the Municipal department and district administration officials are still waiting for a bigger reason to get active. Majority of Ramlila parks are lying in utter shamble and according to the locals and Ramlila organizers, the credit goes to the insensitive administration. With festival season round the corner, TOI visited few of the prominent Ramlila parks here in the. The scene at these Ramlila grounds was miserable. There was dirt and filth scattered all around. Pigs were seen loitering on the debris of cow-dung and mud. The entrance and exits are surrounded with potholed roads. This is a common view at Ramlila parks, Shastri Nagar Central Park and Lajpat Nagar Ramlila ground.If the locals of the area are to believed, both the municipal department and the district administration is doing nothing for cleanliness of the city. The people of Shastri Nagar and Lajpat Nagar also alleged that both district administration and municipal authorities gave no help to them in the just held Ganpati Utsav and no preparations and cooperation is visible from there side in the upcoming Dussehra festival as well. Half of the Shastri Nagar Central park is covered with garbage and the remaining has been encroached by the people.The locals there are also using this ground as a store to keep there construction materials like bricks and sand while many are using it as a parking site as well. Talking to TOI, President of Sarvajanik Ramlila committee of Shastri Nagar informed that apart from the irregularities like insanitary conditions and encroachment, the Ramlila preparations are also being hurdled by the loose poles stuck around the park, which can fall anytime leading to mishap. The high-tension wires can be seen entangled in barbed wires, which can lead to any big accident during the time of festivities. Even the hand-pumps of the parks are lying defunct, which are worrying the organizers about the availability of water during Ramlila.\"Only a week has been left for Ramlila rehearsals to start and no preparations have been made from the side of district administration and municipal department. It will be a huge loss for us if Ramlila gets cancelled due to these mismanagement,\" said Gulab Verma, secretary. Similar is the view at Lajpat Nagar ground as well. Though, no Ramlila takes place in this park but it is famous for three-day long Dussehra Mela, which is famous even in the nearby areas. Here shopkeepers come from far away villages. Folk performances and 'Ravan Dahan' are also an every year's attraction here. Last year, 50 feet Ravan was burnt at this park.Ironically, the condition of this park is also not better than Shastri Nagar. Here the park is filled with tall grass, dirt, filth and encroachment. The big pond, which has turned into a mud filled hole in the heart of the park is also posing threat for accidents in the absence of proper lighting arrangement inside the ground.\"We cannot get garbage removed from here. For this we want help of Kanpur Nagar Nigam help. The broken boundary walls should be repaired. There is no maintenance. But still we are trying to manage Dussehra mela somehow. This park is situated in one of the posh localities and still is poorly managed,\" said Kapil Sabbarwal, member of Dussehra organizing committee at Lajpat Nagar. The locals also rued over poor approach of the district administration who are even not bothered to provide security and medical at the Ramlila grounds. According to the organizers, basic facilities like doctor, ambulance and even parking are not being managed by the district administration at these spots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693241", "title": "Woman in love with uncle fires at brother", "text": "NEW DELHI: Her uncle taught her to ride a motorbike and even fire a gun. The weeks spent together translated into a relationship before which the woman cared little for blood ties. Police say she shot her brother in the head just because he opposed their relationship.As Nitin Mishra battles for life at Pitampura's Bhagwan Mahavir Hospital, his sister Swati (22) and uncle Anil (38) have been arrested. Police say Nitin was shot at in the Subhash Place area of northwest Delhi on Wednesday night while he was asleep.P Karunakaran , DCP northwest, said the gunshot made Nitin sit up in pain and feel blood oozing from his forehead. Family members, who arrived on hearing the shot, rushed him to hospital.Swati, a native of UP, is enrolled at a college in Delhi. Fond of bikes and guns, she found her uncle Anil a willing trainer. He taught her to ride sports bikes and use his licensed gun and other weapons. But the time spent together left the two entangled romantically.Two months ago, Nitin, who had sniffed a scandal brewing, prohibited Swati from meeting Anil, and even step out of the house. Anil, though, managed to keep in touch with the woman.Police say he convinced Swati to kill her brother. They watched an outlaw romance movie around this time, and the gun-toting heroine inspired Swati.Three weeks ago, Anil allegedly left a loaded pistol with Swati. On October 1, Nitin brought Swati along on a visit to his aunt's house in Shakurpur. While the brother was thinking of finding a suitable match for Swati, she came armed with the pistol to finish him off.The murderous attempt was made on the night of October 3. Swati has reportedly confessed that she tiptoed into Nitin's room and fired at him at point-blank range.During investigation, the family members were questioned to ascertain the sequence of events, as nothing was found stolen and there was no sign of a forced entry into the house.\"The behaviour of Nitin's sister Swati appeared suspicious, as she did not appear touched by the attack. Also, around the time of assault, the other inhabitants had seen her standing near the staircase leading to Nitin's room. On sustained interrogation, she admitted to the crime,\" said Karunakaran. Police have found the pistol used by Swati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16692838", "title": "Lower age of marriage, curb rapes, khap tells govt", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana's khap mahapanchayat has blamed films and TV for the recent spate of rapes in the state and asked the government to bring down the marriageable age to prevent them.\"Youngsters get easily attracted to the opposite sex in early teenage and vulgarity shown on TV and cinema is largely responsible for this,\" khap mahapanchayat spokesperson Sube Singh said while referring to the growing number of rapes in the state.He said the vulgarity has led to early puberty among youth, who are not mature enough to handle attraction towards the opposite sex. \"... thus rapes and gangrapes are resulted. Under this situation, there is need to change the lower age limit for marriage\". He said the marriageable age should be lowered to \"allow men and women fulfill their physical desires and thus curb the crimes against women\".He said the mahapanchayat, which represents khaps from across the state, will discuss the issue during its next meeting at Gohana in Sonipat.Meham Chaubisi khap panchayat head Randhir Singh supported the suggestions. \"The lifestyle of younger generation has changed drastically. Even the changing food habits have also affected the physique of the youngsters who are getting sexually active at early stages. If the body and mind of boys and girls are allowing their union, then what is wrong in getting them married.\"Earlier, Jat Mahasabha head Om Prakash Mann had suggested these measures to prevent crimes against women. But Hisar's Guru Jambheshwar University psychologist Sandeep Singh said lowering the marriageable age is no solution. \"These incidents are the outcome of a bias towards women,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692477", "title": "Small things can push a mother over the edge: Docs", "text": "MUMBAI: Three-month-old Aahuti Joshi died after being allegedly battered by her mother, the person she was supposed to be sharing the deepest bond with. Experts say the toddler's death has also highlighted the complexities associated with pregnancy and motherhood that remains one of the most neglected and under diagnosed mental health issues.City psychiatrists insist that the incident has put the spotlight back on issues of stress, anger, aggression that a new mother goes through but seldom expresses. Time management, prioritizing of activities, financial challenges, and additional physical burden takes a gradual toll in the minds of many new moms. But, the signs are mostly missed as people around are too engrossed to notice, or they are just brushed aside as perils of new motherhood.Head of KEM Hospital Dr Shubhangi Parkar, who had interacted with Aahuti's mother Dharmishta, said that the first thing they ruled out in the mother was post partum depression , usually seen in new moms. She said that while not every mother may have extreme clinical signs, there could be a simmering anger or frustration stemming out of stress, added responsibilities or financial constraints that gets vented out on the most vulnerable. \"Small things like not getting enough sleep, time for self or an ailing child requiring constant attention can all push the mother to an edge,\" she said.Doctors from the psychiatry department of the KEM Hospital have also ruled out mental retardation or any major mental illness in Dharmishta, who is in her 30's. So what could have driven the mother to assault her own child so grievously?Experts say past events in the family usually culminate to such an incident. In Dharmishta's case, she already has a one-and-half year old daughter. Also, just three months back, she had lost another child, who died within 12 days of her birth. Psychiatrist Dr Vasant Mundra of PD Hinduja Hospital said, \"There are great chances that the pregnancy could have been unplanned or that the mother was not ready for more children just yet,\" he said adding that the fact that she delivered two girl children may have had some role to play.Gynaecologist Dr Suchitra Pandit of Kokilaben Hospital, who was previously working for Sion Hospital that carries highest number of deliveries in the city, said that social factors play a phenomenal role on stress that a mother undergoes during pregnancy. \"If the mother already has a girl child, the stress is enormous from husband and in-laws. It is more in certain communities and exists predominantly in the lower socioeconomic strata,\" she said adding that many women go into preterm labour or develop high blood pressure because of the stress.But, it is only in few percentage of case that it leads to battering of a child. Head of pediatrics at KEM Hospital Dr Mukesh Agarwal said it is only in extreme cases like Aahuti's that battering comes to light.\"Else, most hospitals see cases of small wounds, burn injuries, fractures, etc but doctors seldom suspect battering,\" he said. Parkar too added that such cases are highly underreported as parents do not reveal and children do not know how to voice out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692538", "title": "Sand mining case: Ponmudi denied bail, faces arrest", "text": "CHENNAI: The arrest of former DMK minister, K Ponmudi, became imminent, as the Madras high court refused to grant him anticipatory bail in a sand mining case on Friday.Justice G M Akbar Ali, accepting advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan's submission that red sand, which is a minor mineral, worth 28 crore had been plundered by the former minister's kin, pointed out that Ponmudi was holding an additional portfolio of minister for mines and minerals at the time of granting licence to his son Gowtham Sigamani and his friends and relatives.Citing photographic evidence, Justice Akbar Ali said, \"The natural resources of mother earth have been devoured with greed, which is a crime committed against her.\"It is the prosecution's case that Gowtham Sigamani had quarried 16,556 lorry loads of sand, but had not paid any fee, causing a loss of more than 19 crore. An approximate loss caused so far has been estimated as 28 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691318", "title": "Amravati Municipal Corporation not to open abattoir till next week", "text": "NAGPUR: The Amravati Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) on Friday informed the high court that it will not open its modern slaughter house till next Wednesday.AMC's reply came during the hearing on a petition filed by Gorakshan Sanstha and ten other religious organizations which vehemently opposed the opening of the abattoir on Walgaon Road in the city.A division bench comprising justices Pratap Hardas and Ashok Bhangale admitted the PIL for final hearing which is scheduled on Wednesday. According to the petitioners, Amravati city has got many religious places and temples including famous Amba Devi and therefore opening of an abattoir shouldn't be permitted at the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16693259", "title": "Solar push for state\u2019s police stations", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Soon the police stations in the state will have uninterrupted power supply as solar power plants are being set up in 12 districts on priority basis.These districts include three Naxal affected districts of Sonbhadra, Chandauli and Mirzapur. The other districts are Khiri, Pilibhit, Bahraich, Balrampur, Maharajganj, Siddarthnagar and Shravasti and two districts on UP-Bihar border - Ghazipur and Ballia.While these 12 districts have been undertaken in the under first phase, the remaining districts would be covered in the second and third phases.DSP, welfare, UP Police Headquarters Aashutosh Mishra told TOI: \"The aim behind installing the solar power plants in each district of state is to offer uninterrupted power supply in police stations and police offices\".He added that four solar power plants of 10 KW are being installed in these districts and with the help of one 10 KW solar power plant, electric equipment like 25 CFLs, four fans and an AC could run for more than eight hours. Besides, four computer sets along with printers could also work for more than six hours. These solar power plants are being installed by ITI Naini.ADG, police headquarters, Surya Kumar said, \"If we are able to set up solar power plants at police offices and police stations across the state, it will be helpful in energy conversion, environment protection besides providing uninterrupted power supply.\"Power generated from solar energy will be of great use to the rural police stations which do not get sufficient power.Police officers, however, believe that Solar energy is incontestably one such alternative, which can perform the domestic and official requirements of electricity. There are several return of solar energy, the primary being its renewable nature and non-vanishing nature.\"The option of solar energy is always available. Officials claim that solar cells are totally silent and they can extract energy from the sun without making a noise.solar energy is non-polluting. More interestingly, solar cells require very little maintenance and its related equipment could be shifted from one site to another easily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16694011", "title": "UP feels pinchas govt stopsbuying power", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government's decision to stop buying power from the energy exchange and not resorting to overdrawal has led to a sudden shortage of power in the state. As a result, the state is facing a shortfall of around 3,000 Mw. This has forced the state government to resort to rostering not only in the state capital, but also cities in the NCR region, which give the maximum revenue.The shortage is despite pleasant weather, when the demand for power dips significantly. The present demand for power has been hovering in the range of around 12,000 Mw, while the state's own generation has been to the tune of around 8,500 Mw only.Speaking to TOI, managing director, UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), AP Mishra confirmed that the corporation was not buying any power from the exchange causing a shortage of around 700 Mw.\"Likewise, there is no overdrawal from the central grid,\" Mishra said and added that the decision has been taken in the wake of Central Electricity Authority's instruction to maintain a grid discipline.UP, as a matter of fact, often resorts to overdrawal to the tune of around 2,000 Mw. All that has been reduced to zero, Mishra said. Sources said that it was because of the dip in the overall generation in the northern region that the state government was treading cautiously in resorting to overdrawal.Experts insist that the overdrawal should be avoided when the generation level is low. \"Else there is would be a chance of grid collapse,\" said a senior UPPCL official in the know of the things.The corporation also stopped buying power from the energy exchange after it found the prevailing rates very high. The rates in the exchange have been going up because of the shortfall in the overall generation levels in the northern region. According to Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre (NRLDC), there were quite a few power projects which had stopped functioning because of the one or the other reason including shortage of coal.UPPCL sources said that the utility is in no position to allow its revenue levels to plunge further by buying expensive power. At the same time, this has led to the shortage of power in some of the highly industrialised regions of the state, especially the west.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16692929", "title": "Siddarth Bajaj revives history with stamp, lithograph exhibits", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Siddarth Bajaj has history well-preserved in his unique collection of rare stamps and lithographs, which he has put on display at his house in Sector 43. It was Siddarth's grandfather Colonel Surendra Singh Bakshi who had travelled far and wide and brought back with him the slices of bygone times. He spent nearly three decades making this splendid collection.\"My grandfather always told me that history is meant to be shared not owned,\" Siddarth said while pulling out some rare stamps out of his collection. \"He is no more with us but would have loved to share the fragments of time with every one. I want his dream to be realized through this exhibition. This is a rare opportunity for people to take home a bit of history with them,\" he said.As soon as one enters Siddarth's room, the world of the 1600s and 1800s comes alive with a beautiful display of stamps. Among the collection are the maps of India made on rice paper when India and Pakistan were one country.Advertisements published in the 1800s can be seen and a series of lithographs - Copper plate engravings depicting scenes of India in the mid 1800s - are all present in the exhibition.Siddarth said: \"The stamps are mainly based on themes ranging from flowers, airplanes, animals, masks and monuments.\" The rarest of the collection are the erotic stamps which were used in France in the 1800s and show graphical representations of nude women. Masks from the middle east are an immediate attraction.The lithographs include Banaras, caves of Ajanta and Ellora, Lucknow, Futtypore Sicri in 1857, and Delhi from the Palace Gate.Siddarth desires to take these stamps to the places from where these were collected. \"I might exhibit them in Switzerland and Zurich as my grandfather had a huge part of his collection from there,\" he said. The exhibition is open to public till Sunday 9pm at house number 1487/1, Sector 43.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692659", "title": "House owner faints on receiving JDA notice", "text": "JAIPUR: Amid protests, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) on Friday issued notices to the owners whose houses came under the catchment area of the Amanishah Nallah.When officials reached the area to serve notices following the high court orders to demolish the dwelling units, they got a rude shock when an affected house owner, Zareen Khan, in Bansi Vihar fainted on receiving the notice.Most house owners also refused to take the notices and as a result the officials had to paste the notices on the doors of the houses which came under the catchment area. The officials also have to face hardships while issuing the notices as the house owner refuse to tell their names or identify owners of the houses.\"We have issued 59 notices today. Seven days' time has been given to the house owners. We have pasted the notices mentioning the house numbers where the names could not be identified,\" a senior official said.In the 48km stretch of the nullah, 39km is in JDA's jurisdiction and out of these 170 encroachments have been removed. It was also admitted in court that around 800-1,000 houses are there in this region.Meanwhile, Ratan Kumar who recently received notice from the JDA said, \"We are lower-middle class people and have put all our savings to purchase this house. It is not encroachment as we have purchase them from the housing societies. If the government demolishes our house, four members of my family will be homeless. In absence of any rehabilitation plan or compensation, we will be on the roads.\"Owners who bought houses from housing societies called the drive unfair and said they are not encroachers and possess legal documents to support their stand. They alleged that JDA officials and housing societies were in hand in glove while developing colonies in the catchment area. \"Action should be taken against the officials first and then our houses should be razed,\" said Mohan Singh , another affected house owner.Many affected house owners also claimed that the officials have marked the wrong centerline and the nallah was never 210-feet-wide in their colony.However, the officials claimed that to avoid the confusion, the government appointed a panel of professors from MNIT and asked them to prepare a detailed report and had been explained to the residents. The team studied the amount of discharge flowing, dams and water reservoirs located in the course of the flow and heard the cases of the people living in the catchment areas. After that the experts came to the conclusion of the nullah having a width of 210 feet by 105 feet from either side, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16695986", "title": "Etched in the sands of time", "text": "Other than a popular few, aspiring sand artists of Odisha are finding it difficult to make their presence feltWhen we talk about sand art, the first name that comes to our mind is that of Sudarsan Pattnaik. One of the pioneers to popularize this art form \u2014 both in India and abroad \u2014 Pattnaik has many followers. There are other artists too. But sadly, government's apathy and the lack of opportunity for the budding sand artists deter them from going places, literally! Few junior artists even deplore the fact that seniors in the profession hardly encourage them.\"There are many sand artistes in the state who work really hard to showcase their artwork. It is sad that the government hardly shows any interest to make this art form prosper. We hardly get any support from the state.The major hindrance for the budding artists, who are passionate about creating sand sculptures, is financial crunch. No one lends a helping hand to these lesser-known artists. There are artists who have done well in life, have participated at international levels and have even brought laurels for our country. But what about doing something for the juniors? It would be better if the government takes initiative and help these budding artists rather than encouraging those who are already popular,\" asks Sridhar Das, a sand artist from Bhubaneswar. However, some sand artists believe that an artist's work should speak for himself and a true artist should never run after publicity. They too feel that the senior artists hardly show any interest in helping other artists grow. \"Top artists should encourage juniors so that they too are confident enough to participate in any kind of event. On the other hand, junior artists should also strive hard to create good sculptures instead of hankering for publicity. There are many internationally acclaimed artists in Odisha but how many people in India know them? The media should do something about it. It is their responsibility to let others know that such art form exists and there are so many talented people around,\" says Manas Kumar Sahoo, a sand artist from Puri.The state government should save the artists from fading into oblivion. The monitory aid they get is not enough for the artists to go out and participate at any event outside state.Subala Moharana, a sand artist from Bhubaneswar rues, \"Though the government claims that they always support the artists, it's not sufficient enough. There are very few artists who are encouraged to carry forward the legacy of sand art. Other artistes have to fight hard to get their space. The amount that is given to an artist is not enough. The lodging, food and travelling expenses are neither provided by the organizers nor the government. Besides, we have to buy the sand, arrange tents and work at our own expenses. If the condition prevails, I don't think anybody will be interested enough to continue with this art form.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16692638", "title": "Contractors' association locks energy company, demands payment", "text": "Jaisalmer: The contractors' association of Jaisalmer on Thursday locked Suzlon Energy Ltd.'s three main offices after taking out the employees. The association's action followed alleged non-payment for their work by the company.According to the association's spokesperson Upendra Singh Rathore, Suzlon owes them Rs 43 crore. \"Therefore we locked the office. If the company does not pay us soon we will take to the roads and if law and order situation is affected then it will be the company's responsibility.\"Sources said that the wind energy companies' plight stemmed from the fact that the state electricity board of the government has not paid approximately Rs 1,000 crore for energy produced by winds mills and solar energy units for the last few months. As such these companies have started facing economic crisis.In this regard New India Wind Power Association has submitted a memorandum to the chief minister saying that payment of Rs 1,000 crore is due. The companies are also disappointed by the new directions of the state government asking these companies to deposit Rs 1 lakh per MW as security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16693777", "title": "Margao municipal council begins hunting house tax defaulters", "text": "MARGAO: Stepping up its process to recover its dues, the Margao municipal council (MMC) has begun issuing 'warrants of distress' to defaulters of house tax payments.MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale said that the MMC has constituted two teams, one each for Margao and Fatorda - for the purpose. The MMC had earlier issued demand notices to defaulters giving them a 15 days period to clear their dues.The MMC is faced with the daunting task of recovering a huge sum of almost 5 cr by way of arrears of house tax and rentals. There are over 40,000 houses registered with the MMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "in addition to 26 winter special trains already announced on konkan railway route recently, in co-ordination with northern railway, konkan railway has now introduced the following 08 additional ac special trains between nizamuddin and margao for the convenience of its passengers. the details of these train services are", "code": "16693749", "title": "Eight more winter special trains by Konkan Railway", "text": "In addition to 26 winter special trains already announced on Konkan Railway route recently, in co-ordination with Northern Railway, Konkan Railway has now introduced the following 08 additional AC special trains between Nizamuddin and Margao for the convenience of its passengers. The details of these train services are: Train No. 02452 / 02451 Nizamuddin - Margao - Nizamuddin AC special: Departure from Nizamuddin at 7.30am, arrival at Margao at 3.30pm on the next day; departure from Margao at 12.25pm, arrival at Nizamuddin at 7.20pm on the next day. The dates for the journey are October 3, 5, 10, 12, 17, 19, 24, 26. These trains will halt at Kota, Nagda, Ratlam, Vadodara, Surat, Vapi, Vasai Road, Panvel, Roha, Ratnagiri, Kudal, Tivim and Karmali stations. The train will have 14 coaches with composition of six AC III tier, six AC II tier and two SLR coaches. With these additional train services, the total number of winter special trains being run on Konkan Railway route during this season rises to 34.'Saligao to be free from plastic waste by Dec':The Saligao panchayat, at a meeting on Gandhi Jayanti day, resolved to make Saligao a 'plastic garbage free' village by December. The village panchayat has decided to hold a meeting on October 21 to create awareness amongst the villagers on the garbage issue and to find solutions to the problem. Sarpanch Eknath Oraskar promised aid from the panchayat to solve the garbage problem in the village and announced that ward-level committees headed by the different panchas would co-ordinate efforts in this direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16696593", "title": "Croatian hottie Tihana Nemcic becomes men's soccer team coach", "text": "KOLKATA: Supermodel? Bond girl? Leonardo Di Caprio's latest squeeze? Nah! Meet Tihana Nemcic, who has recently been appointed the head coach of Croatian fifth division soccer club, NK Viktorija.But before taking up the job, 24-year-old Tihana played for the women's soccer team of Croatian heavyweight Dinamo Zagreb and has been among the 15 finalists for Miss Sport Croatia in 2008. She admitted that the team 'listens' to her and that she has 'full liberty to plan the teams tactics'. The boys aren't complaining, though that's not something we can say about other soccer teams which are suffering from a tremendous case of envy of their Croatian counterparts. Some men (and women) are blessed with all the luck... sigh!Here are some other women wielding the baton in what is known as strictly men's bastions:Fiona Phillips: She's been the head physiotherapist of Bath Rugby Football Club, a men's team for 10 long years. She also worked with the European Youth Olympics before setting up her own clinic.Kate Stalker: She moved all the way from England to be the physiotherapist of New Zealand men's cricket team. This gal, inspite of working with hot men, has been quoted saying, of all things, this: 'being a physio is fun, but sometimes very boring'.Donna Powell: She made history in 2009 when she was appointed the manager of men's football team, Fisher Athletic, in the UK. Powell won the opportunity to take up the reigns at Fisher for a single match, having triumphed in a competition run by the fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693216", "title": "Sparrow to become state bird of Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Friday declared sparrow as the state bird. She said they were in the process of issuing the final notification. The idea was first proposed by the CM in August.\"The government has initiated the process of issuing a notification after a decision was taken at the highest level,\" she said while addressing schoolchildren at a function organized as part of Wild Life Week celebrations.Dikshit also released a poster showing home sparrow as the state bird of Delhi. \"The bird has disappeared due to fast urbanization. Not only sparrows but wildlife is also not visible in Delhi. One can see wild animals only in a zoo. With the expansion of green areas and development of city forests, things are is expected to change. We will have to create an atmosphere conducive to the growth of sparrows in the city,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "16694228", "title": "Police gear up to prevent protesters from besieging plant", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Police are gearing up to thwart a bid by the anti-Kudankulam protesters from besieging the nuclear plant on October 8.Police face the challenge in not only preventing the protesters from getting near the sea side nuclear plant in boats, but also to ensure that they need not resort to lathicharge or tear gas shelling that would create unrest in the coastal areas of the southern districts. With a case pending in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on the alleged police excess during September 10 protest, the last thing the police want is to use force to thwart the besiege attempt. The protesters on the other hand have planned to besiege the plant in as many as 1,000 boats.A little more than 1,000 police personnel have been deployed in and around Kudankulam now, besides a few hundred Central Industrial Security Force personnel, while additional reinforcements would be moved to the area in the next two days, police said. About 6,000 police personnel are likely to be pressed into service in Kudankulam and coastal villages across Tirunelveli, Tuticorin and Kanyakumari districts.Coast guard personnel from Ramanathapuram and Tuticorin are expected to guard the seafront as the villagers are all set to come in boats to besiege the plant. The protesters for their part have blocked all access roads to Idinthakarai in a bid to prevent the policemen from entering village to arrest the villagers. Pits have been dug up on the roads so that police vehicles stay away. Police have arrested a driver of earthmoving equipment for damaging the road. The driver, Mariappan, told the police that Ganesan, a member of the struggle committee had hired the earthmoving equipment and asked him to dig the access road to Idinthakarai at Tsunami Colony. The earthmover was also seized.Meanwhile, the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE), that has vowed to go ahead with the protest, has written to West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and urged her to visit Idinthakarai. We welcome your recent statement, \"I will go everywhere in India to protect the Indian businesses, farmers, labourers and the people of India. Everything has a Laxman Rekha (limit), and when it is crossed, I must work for the 'aam aadmi' (common man).\"\"We earnestly hope that you would visit us and support our struggle,\" said the letter signed by S P Udayakumar and other leaders of PMANE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16694100", "title": "Raise no. of subsidized LPG cylinders from 6 to 9: Soren", "text": "BOKARO: Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) chief Shibu Soren has asked the state government to work out a strategy in line with the Congress-ruled states to raise the number of subsidized cylinders from six to nine to each household in a year.Soren's statement has brought a ray of hope to the people of the state since the JMM, which claims to be a \"pro-people\" party, is an ally of the ruling coalition along with the BJP and the Ajsu Party.Besides, the food and civil supply portfolio that will play an important role in providing subsidy on LPG is also held by the JMM.Talking to newsmen at his residence on Friday, Soren said he had asked land reform and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahto, who is also the in-charge of food and civil supply department, to provide subsidy on LPG cylinders to ease pressure on the common man.\"I realized that it is difficult for people to manage throughout the year with six cylinders only. Even my party workers and leaders are facing the same. I have asked the government to seriously work in this regard for the benefit of people and provide subsidy,\" said Soren. \"I have personally called Mathura Mahto and asked him to provide subsidy, so that people can avail nine cylinders\".Soren also expressed his concern over allowing FDI in retail business by the central government. He said he was against the central government for allowing FDI and putting cap on LPG, but he would not withdraw support from the Congress. \"We will keep protesting against the decisions of the central government without withdrawing our support,\" he said.The JMM with 18 MLAs has extended support to the BJP in running the government in the state while its two MPs, including Soren, has supported the UPA government. On whether the JMM is planning to join third front, Soren said in the negative. However, he announced that the JMM would contest the coming parliamentary election alone in all the 14 seats of Jharkhand.\"I have asked leaders and party workers to start preparing for the election because this time we have to register strong presence by wining maximum seats in the state,\" said Soren.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691675", "title": "Raymond's land deal falls through", "text": "MUMBAI: Textile major Raymond's talks to sell 9.4 acre of a 125 acre plot it owns in Thane to a local developer have fallen through after almost a year of negotiations. The developer, said to be the Cosmos Group, cited financial constraints (the sales price quoted was approximately Rs 150 crore) and that the project was unviable due to reservations and located close to slums as reasons for not inking the deal.Real estate consultants say if the sale had happened, it would have been an expensive land deal at approximately Rs 15 crore an acre against the average land price in Thane. The deal had been on the backburner as the two parties also differed on the mode of payment. The developer wants to pay Rs 20 crore initially and the balance in a staggered manner over a year. Raymonds, on the other hand, wanted the developer to pay the full price upfront as it does not want to get bound to a commitment on any event of delayed payment given the current sluggish property market conditions.Property experts say apart from the price disagreement, the deal was likely to falter on two grounds. The plot is land-locked. Not only it is surrounded by slums, the access to this plot is through the erstwhile Voltas factory land which has been purchased by Sheth Developers. There are also many reservations on the plot. The developer will have to be really innovative to earn good profits on developing this land,'' said an industry insider.Meanwhile, big-players like Shapoorji Pallonji, Oberoi, Kalpataru and Runwal are also in talks with the Singhanias' to purchase the balance 110-plus acre of factory land. But, talks are not moving ahead as Raymonds is insistent on getting approximately Rs 1,800 crore to Rs 2,000 crore for his property.The plot, close to the Mumbai-Nashik Expressway, is part of Raymond's 125-acre land parcel. It has areas reserved for a garden, school and market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16694301", "title": "DM slams forest dept for unspent funds", "text": "VARANASI: Taking serious note of the forest department's act of sitting on funds worth Rs 58 lakh under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act ( MNREGA) for two years despite unfinished works, the district magistrate and divisional commissioner in charge Saurabh Babu termed it 'a case of embezzlement'.The fact came to light in an audit report and the matter was brought to the knowledge of forest conservator by the chief development officer. Babu held a meeting of officials at the commissioner's office on Friday to review progress in development works. Recommending strict action against the erring forest officials, he said it was improper and objectionable to demand more funds despite availability of funds released in the past.He also slammed irrigation and forest department officials for unfinished works despite availability of funds. Expressing concern over the slow progress in making farmers' credit cards, he said the task should be completed by the end of October. Taking serious note of the pending National Rural Drinking Water Project in Chandauli district which could not be started due to lack of land, he directed the officials concerned to locate a site for the project as soon as possible. Meanwhile, he also laid emphasis on early construction of buildings for community health centres (CHCs) and primary health centres (PHCs).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16693427", "title": "Ansar Burney comes looking for kin of girl in Pakistan jail", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan rights activist and former federal minister for human rights Ansar Burney will arrive in India on October 12 to trace the relatives of 21 years old deaf and dumb girl, Geeta, who was found by police at Lahore railway station about 13 years ago.It was believed that she had mistakenly boarded Samjhauta Express and reached Pakistan. While talking to TOI on Friday, Burney, who had been instrumental in release of many Indian prisoners from Pak jails, said that he would bring along pictures and video of Geeta alias Guddi.\"I have to find her family in India so that she can be sent home,\" he said.While seeking the support of Indian government , Burney said Guddi was desperately waiting to return to her family. He informed that she could only write a bit of Hindi and remembers her seven brothers and three sisters and that her home is next to a river, with fields around it. There is also a hotel and hospital nearby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16693482", "title": "Auto drivers take Ambala residents for a ride", "text": "AMBALA: In an apparent case of system failure in the district, thousands of residents, especially students, were taken for a ride by auto rickshaw union that has fixed Rs 10 per passenger as minimum charges for travel. Earlier auto rickshaws were charging Rs 3 to 5 as minimum fare.Inadequate means of public transport coupled with laxity on the part of district administration as well as district transport authority in keeping violations by auto rickshaw drivers under check, residents are forced to bear the brunt. Ambala city and Ambala cantonment area has a total population of 5.50 lakh which is totally dependent on over 3,000 auto rickshaws plying in the twin city.Auto rickshaw union reasons escalating diesel prices while justifying the hike, which came into effect from Monday. Around 7 auto rickshaw unions unanimously declared to fix Rs 10 as minimum fare.Regional transport authority (RTA) secretary R K Singh admits that all auto rickshaws are not registered with authority. \"We do carry out drives to check violations. We can't intervene in the rate structures,'' he said.In a counter attack, some organizations have suggested to boycott use of auto rickshaws while advising the locals to start car pool or cycling like activities. \"We should develop a culture of walking by avoiding use of auto rickshaws. It will teach lesson to auto unions and will be good for the health of the public.\" said KL Chopra, president Elders' Form.Gurpreet Kaur, a college student said, \"It is huge burden for dependent population like me. This increase is unjustified and forced one.\"\"This is a clear cut case of holding the gullible or poor residents to ransom. There should be a regulation on auto rickshaw unions. Administration should play responsible role in it,\" said U V Singh, a professor of SD College.\"We have plans of adding more buses. But we have shortage of drivers. As the newly appointed drivers are yet to join. We will add some more buses for city service,\" said B S Ghanghas, general manager, Haryana Roadway Ambala Depot.DC 'unaware'Expressing ignorance on the issue, deputy commissioner Shekhar Vidyarthi said, \"I am yet to receive any kind of representation or memorandum from the residents or any organization on this account.'' But his statement comes a day after organization like Elders' Forum, Ex-serviceman Coordination Committee, National Awareness Forum, Housing Board Welfare Association have launched a campaign to force deputy commissioner to intervene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16694132", "title": "Tight security for Red-hit areas in puja", "text": "RANCHI: More number of security personnel would be deployed in Maoist-hit areas. The decision was taken at a meeting chaired by DGP G S Rath at police headquarters on Friday.Rath said, \"Police are geared up for Durga Puja. Every district has been asked to be vigilant during the festival.\" The meeting included ADG, IGs, DIGs and SPs from various districts. It was a monthly crime review meeting swhich was not held for past few months.All the Maoist-infested districts have been asked to be alert during the festival. This apart, law and order situation in the wake of Durga Puja was also discussed at length. The rising crime graph in the state capital had the top cops worried.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16693926", "title": "Maharashtra Congress chief too sought funds for dam", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress on Thursday seized on the fact that BJP president Nitin Gadkari lobbied for release of funds to contractors involved in Gosikhurd irrigation project as a sign that he was \"more of a businessman than a politician\". But, as it turns out, the Maharashtra Congress president Manikrao Thakre too had written to Union water resources minister Pawan Kumar Bansal, seeking funds for the same mega project in Vidarbha.Thakre wrote to Bansal on February 24 this year, about five months before Gadkari. In the letter, Bansal said the Gosikhurd project will cater to the areas of Nagpur, Bhandrara and Chandrapur, which are represented by Congress leaders in Lok Sabha and the state legislature. \"If the funds are delayed, their goodwill will be at stake. You are therefore requested to release the balance amount of 2011-2012 as requested by the government of Maharashtra at the earliest,\" the letter reads.Gadkari's letter sparked a controversy because it sought release of funds to Gosikhurd contractors. One of the contractors is said to be his associate and BJP Rajya Sabha member Ajay Sancheti. Thakre's missive does not mention contractors. It does, however, ostensibly blame former Maharashtra water resources minister and BJP MLA Vijay Wadettiwar for holding up the project by lodging a false complaint.\"The Centre has released Rs 3,268 crore since January 2009 for the project until date, which has been utilized. The continuation proposal for Rs 1,295 crore has been strongly recommended and all the pending issues and complaints filed against the project have been concluded during the last meeting of the Steering Committee in New Delhi,\" the letter read.Thakre admitted writing the letter but alleged manipulation in parts that were \"in the form of a rough handwritten note\". \"I wrote the letter following a representation from Congress MLAs from the region, who pleaded for the speedy completion of the project. My only intention was the well-being of the region's farmers,\" Thakre said. He added that some parts of the letter were tampered with. \"I never mentioned Wadettiwar. This shows there is a political conspiracy by my rivals to divert attention from the actual issue. This should be separately investigated by the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16691751", "title": "Malaria claimed 42 lives in state this year", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Malaria continues to remain a giant killer in the state by claiming 42 deaths. The highest number of 11 malaria deaths were reported from Kalahandi district, followed by six each in Sundargarh and Rayagada, five in Kandhamal and the rest from other districts, latest government figures said.Over 1.56 lakh people have tested positive for the fever in Odisha this year so far, including the highest 34,094 from Rayagada. Koraput with over 19,500 cases, Keonjhar (13,727) and Kalahandi (11,747) were the other high incidence districts.Government authorities said number of cases and deaths were far less compared to the previous years. \"The disease has affected far less people this year,\" said director health services (DHS) Dr Tribikram Panda. He said the number of casualties have dropped due to use of mosquito nets, better diagnosis and medication. Last year, 99 people died of malaria in the state. Around 3.08 lakh people had tested positive for the parasite. In 2010, 247 lost their lives to malaria when around 3.9 lakh were afflicted.Meanwhile, 13 more persons tested positive for dengue, also a mosquito-borne disease, on Friday taking the total number of cases to 1,010. The new cases include 10 from Ganjam and one each from Puri, Cuttack and Koraput.Health minister Damodar Rout on Friday chaired an inter-departmental meeting on health, rural development and panchayati raj departments, for convergence of efforts to prevent infectious diseases like malaria, dengue, diarrhoea and cholera. \"The government wants to put in place an institutional mechanism to ensure inter-departmental convergence to check diseases,\" said Panda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16682919", "title": "Security reasons disconcert Rani's shopping plan", "text": "Actor Rani Mukerji had a tough time on her visit to Lucknow yesterday. Firstly the actor was mobbed at a college where she was interacting with the students and later her plans for shopping for chikan clothes and having Tundey kabas were disrupted when the city administration refuse to give her permission to do so.\"Rani wanted to go out for shopping for chikan clothes and also wanted to go to Tundeys and eat kababs and biryani there but since the city administration refused to give her permission, citing security reasons, Rani had to shelve her plans and remain hotel bound.She spent the night in the hotel but nothing could deter her from haviong the Tundey Kababs and biryani, which she had ordered to be sent to her at the hotel,\" informed a member of her team. The actor relished the kababs and biryani and remained in her room till morning when she left the city early morning at 8am for Mumbai, with a promise of coming back for more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693881", "title": "Govt to distribute 2 sarees to women above 18 years", "text": "LUCKNOW: The government has taken a decision to give two sarees each to all women above 18 years of age and one blanket each to men and women above 65 years of age living below poverty line under Hunger Alleviation and Food Security Guarantee Scheme. Panchayati raj minister Balram Yadav said that this decision was taken at a meeting of the cabinet sub-committee held here on Friday.He said that the government had directed the district magistrates to make available selection lists of beneficiaries. Till date selection lists from urban and rural areas of 49 districts and rural areas of 13 districts have been made available to the government, he said. He has directed the officials of the remaining 13 districts to provide the selection lists without delay. \"A list of about 1.83 crore women of above 18 years living below the poverty line has so far been received by the government. Similarly, a list of 48 lakh eligible men and women above 65 years of age living below the poverty line has also been received,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16691660", "title": "2 arrested in Rangamatia murder case", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two men were arrested for their alleged involvement in the September 28 murder of a youth of Rangamatia area in the city on Friday. The accused, Bikali Behera and Dipuna Barik, were rounded up in Sambalpur district by the special squad of commissionerate police. Three other co-accused are still on the run. \"The absconders would be arrested soon,\" said DCP (Bhubaneswar) Nitinjeet Singh.The arrested duo along with three others of the same area hacked Ranjan Behera, secretary of a local youth club, to death due to previous enmity. The rival groups had picked up a brawl during Ganesh idol immersion ceremony on September 26, two days before the murder. The assailants attacked Behera with sharp-edged weapons when he was standing in front of his shop in Rangamatia. Behera was trading in construction material.On Thursday, many residents, including Behera's family and friends staged a demonstration in Rangamatia demanding immediate arrest of killers. Singh had visited the area and assured the locals to arrest the culprits within three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691859", "title": "'Devise witness protection plan'", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking a serious note of cases in which witnesses turn hostile, the Bombay high court on Friday asked the Maharashtra government as to why it had not come out with a witness protection programme''.A division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Sadhna Jadhav chided the state for its inaction despite the court's directions on the issue. \"It disturbs the court's conscience. (Do we take it that) the state government seems least bothered in providing protection to witnesses in serious criminal cases which is why no policy has been formulated,'' asked the judges. \"The court pointed to a case it had come across last week where a police inspector had turned hostile in a criminal case. The state should be seriously concerned that witnesses fail to support the prosecution case during the trial,'' the court said.The judges referred to media reports about persons being acquitted after 22 years and said that many a times this was due to witnesses not supporting the prosecution case. \"Is there anything wrong in protecting witnesses?'' asked the judges. The court has asked Maharashtra advocate general Darius Khambatta to remain present in the court on the next date of hearing on October 12.The court was hearing a petition filed by Satara resident Vijay Jadhav, who is the prime witness in the murder case of a local corporator. Jadhav claimed that his police protection was withdrawn by the state when the accused were acquitted in the case. When the state filed an appeal challenging the acquittal, he started getting threat calls.Last year in November, as well as earlier this year in January, the high court had sought a response from the state government about formulating a witness protection policy. The court said that despite the orders the state had failed to initiate any action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16691390", "title": "BBMP workers need to be in the know", "text": "BANGALORE: Not just residents, even pourakarmikas and contract laborers need to be taught how to segregate waste. This is the general feeling among resident welfare associations (RWA) in the city.\"We have tried to inculcate the practice of garbage segregation among our residents. However, it becomes useless unless contract workers themselves segregate waste,\" says SS Kalyanpur of Rustambagh Residents' Association for a Cleaner Environment (RRACE).Kalyanpur said though most residents in his area are segregating dry and wet waste, contract laborers often mix them while loading in their trucks. \"Sweepers also dump waste in heaps on the roadside.\"B Ramakrishna Udupa, member of the RWA at JP Nagar I Stage, said: \"We have been segregating waste since Monday. But we are not too sure if those who come to collect garbage are dumping everything together in their trucks or are separating it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693547", "title": "Tank Bund statues likely to be unveiled on Nov 1", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government is likely to unveil on AP Formation Day on November 1 the new statues of historical figures from the Andhra region on Tank Bund in place of those vandalised by protesters during the Million March in 2010.Four of the 12 statues were installed on the pedestals by the department of culture on Friday. These statues are those of icons such as Annamaya, Guruzada Appa Rao, Kandakuri Veeresalingam and Katam Dora.Interestingly, the authorities have separately installed the statue of Telangana tribal leader Komaram Bheem in front of Viceroy Hotel on Tank Bund.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy is slated to inaugurate Komaram Bheem's statue on October 29 on the occasion of the tribal leader's death anniversary.\"The statues are created by renowned sculptor Arun Prasad Wadayar, who hails from Natta Rameswaram village of West Godavari district. Government is spending nearly Rs 50 lakh on these statues all of which are nine feet tall,\" Kavitha Prasad, director of the department of culture, told TOI.Statues of Krishnadevaraya, Tripuraneni Ramaswamy Chaudary, Mutnuri Krishna Rao, Raghupathi Venkataratnam Naidu, Brahma Nayudu, Erra Pragada, Siddhendra Yogi and Bellary Raghava will also be re-installed in a phased manner, he said.After the statues are placed, the authorities are likely to beef up security on Tank Bund. Central zone ACP Chandrasekhar Reddy said round-the-clock patrolling will be carried out post inauguration. Security will comprise one Rakshak vehicle, a motorcycle patrolling team and around 15 constables.Meanwhile, Telangana Jagruti president K Kavitha said the new statues of the icons will not be allowed to be installed on Tank Bund until the state authorities hold discussions with people and parties of all the three regions.\"We have no objection to the installation of statues of Seemandhra icons. However, there should be a discussion with the leaders of the three regions. Otherwise, we will not allow the inauguration to take place on November 1,\" she said. The same sentiments were echoed by TJAC convenor M Kodandaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "16693135", "title": "US gunman killed after shooting one in Israel hotel", "text": "JERUSALEM: Israeli forces shot dead an American man who opened fire in a seaside hotel packed with tourists on Friday, killing one person.Police and military troops swiftly surrounded the hotel in the Red Sea resort city of Eilat after the man \u2014 a former employee of the hotel \u2014 \"grabbed a weapon from a security guard and shot a hotel worker,\" police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said.The man barricaded himself in the hotel kitchen, shooting back at law enforcement officers. He was shot dead by members of a military counter-terrorism squad, a military source said.A hotel guest, Aviram Sela, said he tried to wrestle the gunman to the ground before he started shooting, as tourists dived for cover behind a sofa in the hotel lobby. \"We saw him beating the guard and grab his weapon and the magazine,\" Sela said, adding that the gunman then took aim at a member of his family.Israeli defence minister Ehud Barak told Army Radio the incident \"appears to be an internal dispute\".The gunman was a 23-year-old Jew from New York. He was participating in a programme that brings Jews to Israel for work and studies, said Ofer Gutman, head of the Oranim programme, which is sponsored partially by the Israeli government. \"He was a normal guy,'' Gutman said. \"There was nothing that indicated what would happen in the end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16693564", "title": "Apna Ghar case: Officer who destroyed evidence gets bail as tardy CBI sits on chargesheet", "text": "PANCHKULA: In a setback to the CBI probing the sexual abuse case of Rohtak's Apna Ghar shelter home, the special CBI court here on Friday granted bail to former investigation officer Bhim Singh Ranga as the investigating agency failed to file the chargesheet against him within the stipulated 90 days.Ranga was arrested on July 6 for destruction of evidence. He had retired on June 3 this year and was the investigating officer in the case before the Special Investigation Team (SIT) took over the probe.Besides Ranga, two other accused Harvinder Singh and Daya Nand, both accused of destructing evidence, were also released on bail because of the failure of the premier agency to the file chargesheet against them.All these accused had allegedly helped Jaswanti Devi, in charge of the shelter home, exploit inmates of Apna Ghar. They had allegedly provided a mobile phone to Jaswanti when she was in the custody of Haryana police and also allegedly destroyed vital evidence from her laptops which were recovered during raids on the shelter home.The agency is yet to file the chargesheet against these three accused, while chargesheet against seven other accused - Jaswanti Devi, Sushma aka Simi, Jai Bhagwan , Satish, Sheela, Jaswant and Veena - has been filed on July 8, 2012.On September 25, ASP, CBI, Satish Dagar had moved a petition before the special CBI court seeking extension of judicial custody of the three accused on the ground that a report from CFSL, New Delhi, is awaited for further investigation.National Commission for Protection of Child Rights had raided the shelter home on May 9 and rescued over 90 minor girls, aged between 10 and 15. Jaswanti was charged with immoral trafficking and torture. Earlier, the case was investigated by a special investigation team of Haryana police but later it was transferred to CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16695078", "title": "Censor Board's new stand on \u2018A\u2019 films", "text": "Censor Board proposes formation of a separate committee to decide TV viewing of objectionable moviesFor quite some time now, the film industry has been battling the decision by the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) to stop re-certifying A rated films for the purpose of small screen viewing.This newspaper had reported (Aug 25) how the censor board decision led to a furore with movies piling up, awaiting CBFC clearance. These included the likes of Delhi Belly, Gangs of Wasseypur (1 and 2) and Hate Story .What made matters worse was that the satellite rights of many of these wait-listed films had already been sold to the broadcasters. Top producers pointed out this would adversely affect the economics of the film industry. Especially because nearly 40 per cent of a film's total profit comes from its satellite rights alone.We had also reported (Sep 1) at this point that the Information &amp; Broadcasting (I&B;) Ministry stepped in to engineer an interim solution meant to save the industry tens of crores of rupees over satellite rights of every film.The I&B; Ministry asked the censor board to continue pruning films for TV viewing until such time suitable amendments are made to the Cable Television Act.The latest though is that the CBFC, unable to take anymore flak from producers for cutting their films, took the initiative and recently called for a high-level meeting with senior members of the industry to find a long-term solution to the problem.We've learnt Censor Board Chief Leela Samson flew down to Mumbai and met up with filmmakers Yash Chopra , Mukesh Bhatt, Ramesh Sippy, Siddharth Roy Kapoor, Ashutosh Gowariker, Harry Baweja and top producers from the South at Hotel Sahara Star in Andheri East. CBFC CEO Pankaja Thakur was also present.Most importantly, a decision was taken at the meeting to form a separate committee to review films that are rejected by the censor board for TV viewing.The committee will comprise members from different walks of life and will include directors, actors, judges, social activists, teachers as well as CBFC representatives.Once the CBFC identifies the objectionable movies, the committee will then take a call as to what time they should be slotted, whether prime time or post 11pm. The committee will reserve the right to reject a film that they find totally unfit for small screen viewing.A source present at the meeting told TOI, \"Films like Gangs of Wasseypur, Delhi Belly and a few others are generously peppered with obscene content. Cutting such films truncates them to a length of one hour. What purpose does it serve? Besides, the theme of many such films is really adult and they shouldn't be shown in drawing rooms. Hence, there is a need for people from different spheres of life to come under one roof and discuss at length as to what the majority has to say about the TV viewing aspect of an objectionable film.\"As of now, the film industry and the CBFC are working on forming the committee, which, if all goes well, should come into existence shortly.Asked for his thoughts, producer Ramesh Taurani described the move as practical. \"I am aware that such a committeeisbeingformed.Iwelcome it.Anythingthathasanopendialogue and no ambiguity makes sense,\" he said.Mukesh Bhatt said, \"The CBFC has proposed such a committee to be formed. It will come into effect if and when cleared by the I&B; Ministry.The ball is now in the CBFC court.\"But even if the I&B; Ministry gives its nod and the committee comes into being, would the fight really end there?Aproducer(on request of anonymity) said, \"That is difficult to say. I understand what you mean is whether the filmmaker in the hot seat will accept the committee's decision without making a noise. Lekin woh toh tab pata chalega jab yeh committee apna kaam shuru karegi. \"Meanwhile Thakur remained unavailable for comment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693640", "title": "172 B-schools to use CAT scores this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a record, 172 management schools other than IIMs have subscribed to Common Admission Test (CAT) scores this year. In 2011, the number stood close to 130. A total of 2.14 lakh aspirants have registered for the 21-day long computer-based test that will begin from October 11. CAT 2012 is being coordinated by IIM-Kozhikode.There has been a gradual increase in the number of non-IIM institutions using CAT scores despite the dwindling number of applicants since the last three years. In fact, the trend gained momentum in 2011 when six IITs, Faculty of Management Studies, Delhi University and Xavier Institute of Management, Bhubaneswar, among others subscribed to the scores.This year has also witnessed a marginal increase of 4.39% in the number of CAT takers. Last year, 2.05 lakh candidates registered for the exam while 2008 recorded the highest number of registrations with 2.76 lakh students applying. However, in 2010, the figure slipped to 2 lakh.\"The slight increase in the number of applicants this year is a positive indication that postgraduate management programmes at IIMs and other B-schools that accept CAT scores still offer an attractive future to many aspirants. We are yet to analyze the factors that have contributed to the growth of institutions as well as candidates,\" said professor S S S Kumar, convenor of CAT 2012 .Like previous years, Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Pune are the cities where maximum number of candidates are scheduled to take the admission test. \"National Capital Region has recorded the highest number of registrations,\" said Kumar.Meanwhile, the admission test which is known for springing up surprises has nothing new to offer this year. \"IIMs are pretty much moving towards standardizing CAT and hence no surprises are expected this year. Speed and strategy are not major issues any longer. What is important is to remain calm and not to make basic mistakes. In relative terms, it still remains a tough test. Also, the selection process has become more transparent now. Eight years ago, we didn't know how much we scored. IIMs are now looking for people who fit their requirements rather than toppers,\" said director MBAGuru and IIM-Kolkata alumnus, Deekshant Sahrawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16694102", "title": "Maoists on fast over transfer from jail", "text": "HAZARIBAG: One more Maoist leader on Friday joined the indefinite hunger strike launched by two party colleagues, including politburo member Ravi Sharma, inside the Jai Prakash Narayan Central Jail here on Thursday. The Maoists are agitating for various demands .Jailor Chandrasekhar Suman said Sharma's main demand was shifting of his wife Anuradha, who was also lodged in the jail and has been suffering from osteomalacia, a bone-related disease, to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), Ranchi for better treatment.A board of doctors, set up by civil surgeon Dr Binay Kumar, has recommended after examining her that she be shifted to the RIMS as specialists were not available in Hazaribag.Since Anuradha is booked under the Crime Control Act, she could not be shifted out of the Hazaribag jail without the permission of the deputy commissioner of Hazaribag. The jail authorities said they had already forwarded the recommendation of the medical board to the DC.Sharma's other demand was to transfer Rahul Munda, another Maoist, to the Chaibasa jail from where he was shifted to Hazaribag recently. The charter of demands was sent to the state government as well as the DC.Initially, two Maoists Sharma and Munda started the hunger strike on Wednesday. But they got a boost when another Maoist Subil Ganjhu, a former area commander, joined the hunger strike on Friday. Other 110 Maoists who are also lodged in the jail supported the strike. They have threatened that if their demands are not met, all the rebel prisoners will join the indefinite strike.The Hazaribag DC was not available for his comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16691892", "title": "BMC needs to clean up its act", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Keepers of public amenities are wallowing in filth themselves. Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation's (BMC) office premises are filthy with overflowing sewer lines, heaps of garbage and betel leaf juice stained corridors.As one enters the BMC headquarters near Kalpana Square, one is greeted with the sight of betel leaf juice stains and disposable tea cups strewn all around near the diary section right after the entrance to the main building. \"Everybody spits here,\" said a visitor to the Right to Information (RTI) cell in the same section matter of factly when caught in the act himself.Though BMC authorities have installed images of gods and goddesses at various corners to dissuade people from spitting on the office premises, the engineering section of the civic body office is quite friendly to betel chewers. Cartons have been put up at corners where one can spew out the betel juice easily. Not surprisingly, the steps of the block have been painted red with the oral discharge.At one end of the old block, which houses the deputy commissioner and the mayor office, the drinking water cooler is surrounded by stagnant water and garbage. Besides, electric cable wires lying in the open at the backside of the building pose serious threat to passersby. An overflowing sewer line and foul smell of urine, discharged by people in the open, welcome those venturing further inside the campus.The tax block, where the IT section, marketing section and tax paying counters are located, don't have drinking water or toilet facility for visitors and employees. \"We use the Sulabh pay toilet when there is a crowd. During off peak hours, we urinate in the open,\" said an employee of the tax block. Heaps of garbage lie unattended behind the building, which is a major public interface area as people come here to pay holding tax.Hoardings razed by the BMC from various places have been dumped in the open space in the BMC office, which make the area look like a giant dumping yard. One has to cross these dumps to reach the tax block to pay holding tax to the civic agency. \"It is such an eyesore. The BMC should never use this space to dump this material,\" said Jogesh Rout, another visitor.BMC authorities, however, said the office will soon don a clean look. \"We will soon launch a cleanliness drive for the office and take stringent action against employees spitting and urinating in the open. Such activities will be monitored soon,\" said mayor Anant Narayan Jena.The BMC's untidy ambience comes as a sharp contrast to the civic agency's high-tech scheme to monitor garbage and cleaning work across the city using satellite data, launched around two months ago. BMC has spent Rs 1.65 crore to hire a private company for two years to generate information on a daily basis about garbage and cleaning work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16693315", "title": "ASI workshop begins at Allahabad Museum", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad Museum in association with the regional directorate of the Archaeological Survey of India, Bhopal, has organized an interactive workshop on `Site Museums of ASI and Museums of National Importance' at the Allahabad Museum.The workshop was inaugurated on Friday.On the first day, dignitaries invited to the workshop included Prof Sunjay Jain from MS University, Baroda, Shri Ramnathan, an architect associated ASI, SB Ota, Director of the Central Zone of the ASI.Speaking on the occasion, Rajesh Purohit, director, Allahabad Museum, Allahabad emphasised on pursuing the museum reforms programme.It should be audience centric and taking strategic development from improvement of internal dynamism and museum and external interface of the museum. SB Ota said museums of the ASI should be upgraded to international standard.Ramanathan said being posted in a site museum should not be seen as a punishment but an opportunity. Prof Sunjay Jain said museums are becoming relevant in a changing world and we need to take cognizance of that. Sunil Gupta, Head of Education, articulated the future plans of the Museum on behalf of the institution.In the interactive session, presentation on site museums were shown. The first presentation was on Khajuraho Museum followed by Vaishali Museum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680486", "title": "Ileana wants to make it big in Bollywood", "text": "Like many of her colleagues from South Indian cinema Ileana d'Cruz intends to move to Mumbai after discovering success in this part of the world. In Barfi! this pretty star of the Telugu cinema has managed to hold her own in spite of bravura performances by Priyanka Chopra and Ranbir Kapoor.Says the pretty actress, \"I am planning to move to Mumbai very soon ,probably in the next couple of months.\"In fact Ileana says she has consciously worked towards focusing on her career in Mumbai. \"This is why I haven't signed anything new in the South. I made a decision to not sign anything while working on Barfi! . Now that it's out I will be in Mumbai to build a career here.\"Ileana is looking for property in Mumbai. \"I am in the process of buying a place. I am looking. The hunt is on. I realize I'd have to divide my time between the South and Mumbai. A lot of people in the South are wondering if I will say goodbye to Telugu cinma. But I really don't think that's possible. I am really proud to be part of Telugu and now Hindi cinema. The two kinds of cinema are so diverse culturally and yet part of one unified popular cultural experience that's Indian cinema. I've so much fun doing Telugu cinema. They're so colourful and so much fun.\"Ileana says she'd play it by the ear. \"I'll take it as it comes.Whether Hindi or Telugu , I'd do the films that I connect with. Like I had this amazing gut-feeling about Barfi! .\"Clad in a saree Ileana as Bengali wife cuts a graceful figure as the woman who sacrifices her love for Ranbir's character. Ileana has chosen a very unconventional Hindi debut for herself.\"Honestly I wasn't looking for something so unconventional for my Bollywood debut. I'd have settled for something far more conventional and glamorous.But then everybody takes that glamorous route. I just went with my instincts.When I heard the script of Barfi! I wasn't sure whether I'd be able to pull off the role.To play this Bengali woman was quite a change of image from what I'm seen wearing and doing in my Telugu films,\" Ileana says happily a day after Barfi! is declared a winner.\"It was quite a cultural change. Very frankly I undertook no preparation.I asked my director Anurag Basu if he wanted me to seek out reference points for how to play my character.But we just went with what Anurag instructed me to do. I'd say my character Shruti was hard to put across.I am glad people have liked me in Barfi! .\"Ileana is in talks for more Hindi films. She is contract-bound to do one more film with UTV but free to work with whoever she chooses. Sighs Ileana, \"Every film I do is a learning experience. Barfi! was a real challenge.\"She is working on her Hindi. \"I am learning. I've dubbed my own lines in Barfi! .But I don't yet converse in Hindi. I need to build up the confidence to do so.\"Ileana's family stays in Goa. \"So I can't go to Goa for holidays. It's home for me,\" she quips and adds, \"But my elder sister is married and she lives in Mumbai. So that's home too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692539", "title": "Seven kids die of fever in Kota", "text": "JAIPUR: At least seven children have died in the last seven days in Kumbhkot area of Kota district due to fever. Also, over 15 patients are undergoing treatment at various hospitals in Kota.A team of doctors, including microbiologists, visited Kumbhkot area on Friday to find out what caused the fever among people in the area. The doctors took blood samples of around 36 people for test but they did not find even a single confirmed case of vector-borne disease, according to government doctors and district administration officials.Additional district magistrate K K Goyal said, \"They took samples from 36 people but one suspected case of dengue was found. He was referred to the medical college, Kota.\"Meanwhile, residents of the area accused the medical health and family welfare department for failing to prevent the spread of the disease.Former deputy sarpanch Ramesh Mahawar said, \"In the last seven days, seven children up to the age of 14 years have died. The symptoms of the disease are stomach ailment, fever, headache and later the patients bleed from nose and mouth. All the deaths have happened in a similar manner. The medical health and family welfare doctors claimed that dengue is not the cause of the death. They are not accepting that the death happened due to spread of dengue though the symptoms are similar to dengue.\"He said around 20 people suffering from fever have been admitted to various government and private hospitals. Besides, the medical department claimed that two of the patients with fever have been tested positive for dengue by private hospitals.Following the incident, the department has stepped up anti-larvae activities in the area. Block chief medical officer Sahib Lal said, \"We are conducting anti-larvae and anti-mosquito activities in the area. Also, medical camps were organized in the area to provide treatment to the patients.\"The department claimed that the deaths occurred as the patients were not taken to the hospital on time and in the absence of proper diagnoses these children died.EomJaipur: At least seven children died in the last seven days in Kumbhkot area of Kota district due to fever. More than 15 patients have been undergoing treatment at various hospitals in Kota.A team of doctors including microbiologists visited Kumbhkot area on Friday to find out the kind of fever from which the people in the area were suffering. The doctors took blood samples of around 36 people for test but they did not find even a single confirmed case of vector borne disease, the government doctors and district administration claimed.Additional district magistrate KK Goyal said, \"They took samples of 36 people but one suspected case of dengue was found. He was referred to medical college Kota.\"The residents of the area accused the medical health and family welfare department for failing to prevent the spread of the disease. Former deputy sarpanch Ramesh Mahawar said, \"In the last seven days, seven children up to the age of 14 years have died. The symptoms of the disease are stomach ailment, fever, head ache and later the patient bleed from nose and mouth. All the deaths have happened in a similar way. The medical health and family welfare doctors claimed that dengue is not the cause of the deaths. They are not accepting that the deaths happened due to spread of dengue though the symptoms are similar to dengue.\"He said that around 20 persons suffering from fever have been admitted to various government and private hospitals. Besides, the medical department claimed that in two of the patients of fever, the private hospitals confirmed that the two patients were tested positive for dengue.Besides, the medical department has stepped up anti larvae activities in the area. Block chief medical officer Sahib Lal said, \"We are conducting anti larvae and anti mosquito activities in the area. Also, medical camps were organized in the area to provide treatment to the patients.\"The medical health and family welfare department have been trying to find out the cause of the fever. They also claimed that the deaths happened as the patients were not taken to the hospital on time and in the absence of proper diagnoses these children died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16694198", "title": "Chandrayan-II likely to be launched next year: Isro", "text": "TRICHY: A two-day 'Space Expo' was inaugurated at a private college here on Friday by the Liquid Propulsion Systems Centre (LPSC) of the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro), as part of the World Space Week -2012 celebrations.Inaugurating the expo, Isro scientist, Ingersol told media persons, \"Even after ISRO achieved many milestones in space science and technology, most of the children and the public are unaware of our feats in the field. By organising such expos, we hope the student community would know about the space science and aspire to join Isro.\"Commenting about the possibility of sending humans into space by Isro, he said, \"We have all the modern technologies to achieve the task of sending humans to space. If the government allows the project, we would embark on the move and would succeed. At the same time, it might cost dearly.\"After the successful launch of Chandrayan-I, plans are afoot to launch the Chandrayan-II satellite next year. Now, we have the three-dimensional atlas of the moon through Chandrayan-I. Moreover, we are the pioneers in revealing the fact that the water is available in north and south poles of moon. Likewise, Chandrayan-II would take our country to the next level in research about the moon. A satellite would also be sent to Mars in November 2013,\" he added.The exhibition is aimed at creating awareness among the students and the public about the invention and the successful stride of Isro, in space research on a par with superpower countries across the world. A large number of students from schools and colleges in Trichy and Thanjavur districts are taking part in the expo being held at the Oxford Engineering College in Trichy.LPSC has displayed models of rockets, satellites, liquid engines, information placards and posters. As many as 10 junior scientists from LPSC explained to the curious students about their inventions. Later, a scientist-students interaction programme was conducted during the expo. Ingersol interacted with the students who posed a lot of questions about the space exploration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16696067", "title": "Contrary to government claims, leprosy on rise in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: Contrary to the official claims of elimination of leprosy in Maharashtra, the state is witnessing a constant increase in the number of fresh cases detected 2007 onwards.\"It was officially declared in 2005 that leprosy has been eradicated in Maharashtra. However, fresh cases are still being detected in the state,\" Sharadchandra Gokhale, founder president of the International Leprosy Union (ILU) claimed.There is a further increase in the number of Multi-Bacilliary cases with child population accounting for 12 per cent of total detected cases, he said.The ILU, which is headquartered in the city, had in its search campaign conducted in 173 blocks in the state last year had detected as many as 2,515 fresh cases, Gokhale said, emphasizing the need for a door-to-door campaign to unearth fresh cases and timely treatment.At present, the Annual New Case Detection Rate (ANCD) is 15.96 per cent per lakh population in Maharashtra, he said adding that the ILU had set up a human rights grievance cell in order to seek justice for the affected as the disease continued to be socially stigmatised.\"There is still no let-up in the stigma attached to the disease and discrimination against the leprosy-affected continues unabated,\" said Indranath Banerjee, an associate researcher attached to the ILU.Of the 2,28,474 new leprosy cases detected in the world in 2010, the figure for India stood at 1,26,800, which accounts for 55.5 per cent, the data available with ILU shows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692324", "title": "Stringent action will be taken: DCP", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police will take stringent action against the suspects responsible for spreading terror in Kishkindhanagar in Kothrud said deputy commissioner of police (zone 1) Makarand Ranade on Thursday.He said, \"We have identified around eight to 10 suspects, but they have all gone absconding after the incident. We have sent out teams to the Pune rural areas for arresting them as soon as possible.\"Ranade told TOI, \"Investigations have revealed that the suspects are not members of any gang or an organised crime syndicate. They were under the influence of liquor when they attacked people with weapons and sticks, damaged vehicles and created mayhem at Kishkindhanagar. We have taken serious note of the incident.\"He further said, \"We have started checking records of the suspects. We will take stringent action against under the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities Act or the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act.\"\"We have registered a case of attempted murder and rioting against the troublemakers under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code. We will take strong preventive measures in Kishkindhanagar area to prevent a repeat of such an incident,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16693965", "title": "A rich legacy", "text": "The Lucknow zoo was established in November 29, 1921, to commemorate the visit of the then Prince of Wales to the city. It was initially named the Prince of Wales Zoo and later rechristened as Lucknow Zoological Garden. Spread over 70 acre area, the Central Zoo Authority categorises it as a large zoo. It is managed as a trust by the Zoo Advisory Committee. It has 447 mammals, 34 birds, 57 reptiles and 97 different species of wild animalsA popular destination on the city's circuit, about 12-13 lakh people visit it every year; 50% of them being children. The toy train is a major attraction for children as it them around the entire campus. It was started on November 14, 1969.A Nature Interpretation Centre has been set up at the place where children are given hands-on experience and information about the skins of various animals, eggs of birds, tusks of elephants etc. They are also shown wildlife movies to know more about the inmates.The zoo campus also houses the State Museum and the Folk Arts Museum.(Source: Lucknow zoo website)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16692653", "title": "No bail for Jagan till probe ends: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday rejected YSR Congress chief Jagan Mohan Reddy's bail plea in the Rs 924 crore disproportionate assets case, saying he would not get the relief until CBI completed its probe into the alleged Rs 3,000 crore bribe paid to him by various companies.The decision of a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai came after the CBI's counsel, senior advocate Ashok Bhan, handed over a detailed note on the status of investigation against Reddy, which it said \"was not confined to India and extended abroad\".The CBI said letters rogatory (LR) had been issued to Hong Kong, Mauritius, United Kingdom , British Virgin Islands , Luxembourg and Singapore for assistance to unearth the manner in which bribe money was parked there and later re-routed to firms controlled by Jagan and others.The agency has filed chargesheets against Jagan and others in four cases and said that in six other cases it would file the final investigation report before the competent court after completion of probe.Additional solicitor general (ASG) Mohan Parasaran said CBI would require another four months to complete the probe and pleaded that Jagan's release at this stage would hamper the process.After going through CBI's note, the bench dismissed Jagan's bail plea and ordered, \"It will be open to the petitioner to approach the trial court only after conclusion of investigation.\" This means Jagan cannot move a bail plea before investigations into the DA cases are complete.The ASG said apart from the four cases, there were six more cases of bribery. In all these conspiracies, CBI claimed it had gathered \"substantial documents\" to establish quid pro quo. However, Jagan's counsel Gopal Subramaniam said the LR issued by CBI could take years to fructify and wondered if his client should remain in jail till then. To this the court said, \"Seeing the facts, we consider our order to be just and proper.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16691119", "title": "Sania Mirza in final; Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna out", "text": "BEIJING: Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna , chasing wins and points to make the cut for the eight-team season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London next month, made a hash of their hunt at the Olympic Grounds on Friday.The all-Indian pairing fell 2-6, 6-7 (6) in one hour and 19-minutes to the unheralded combine of Argentina's Carlos Berlocq and Uzbekistan's Denis Istomin in the quarterfinals of the ATP 500 Series China Open.Later, in the WTA premier series event of the China Open, the fifth-seeded pairing of Sania Mirza and Spain's Nuria Llagostera Vives blasted past China's Jie Zheng and Katarina Srebotnik of Slovenia 7-5, 6-1 one hour and 21-minutes to make final.In the title clash, Sania and Vives will play third-seeded Russians Elena Vesnina and Ekaterina Makarova . Sania, 25, led the way with her powerful forehand for the Indo-Spanish pair, taking 3-0 leads in both sets.In the opening set, Sania and Vives, seemed to lose their way as Zheng and Srebotnik, backed by a large local gathering, vaulted from 1-4 down to take a 5-4 lead. In the tenth game on Sania's serve, the fifth seeds came within two points of losing the set.They, however, stood their ground to turn things round and seal the opening advantage.Meanwhile, world number two Novak Djokovic raced into the last four of the China Open in straight sets as home favourite Li Na set up a testing women's semifinal with Russian tennis queen and world number two Maria Sharapova .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693962", "title": "Vibrant Life Eludes Zoo Inmates", "text": "LUCKNOW: The inmates of Lucknow zoo share a special fondness for the first week of October, celebrated as the Wildlife Week (Oct 1-7). It's a festive occasion in the zoo calendar. The 70-odd acre premises is spruced up, enclosures are cleaned, and hordes of visitors, especially children, drop in to meet the beautiful creatures.But all this is short lived. As the curtains come down on the celebrations, zoo inmates return to a normal, listless life. Barring a few other occasions like the Van Mahotsav, Children's Day and New Year, the zing is often missing during trips to this 91-year-old zoological garden. Despite a sprawling campus and some commendable initiatives, this adopted home of 900-odd inmates craves for imaginative plans and better space utilisation.Visitors have to struggle to gain entry in the zoo on rush days. The food kiosks and roadside parking slot have eaten up a major portion of the main entrance. The zoo officials cite inability in offering a solution as the parking comes under the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC). \"We have written many letters to the LMC in this regard. The LMC should explore the possibility of an underground parking slot in the vicinity to address the problem,\" says zoo director Renu Singh.Post entry, visitors can undertake the zoo safari on a toy train or feet. The latter is a long haul given the size of the campus. The toy train, though a major attraction for children, chugs out of an unimpressive Chandrapuri station. There is no alternative at the station for kids to spend their time as they wait for the turn to board the train. The Chandrapuri station needs a desperate makeover. Zoo authorities claim that a plan is in the offing to spruce it up.Apart from two wheelchairs, the place does not have arrangements to aid the journey of disabled and elderly visitors. The zoo has associated with the New and Renewable Energy Development Agency (NEDA) to procure some battery-operated carts for such visitors but the wait is till on.The other disappointments that one comes across the zoo journey include rusted enclosures, broken railings, absence of adequate benches for rest, poor display boards and unkempt green belts.\"The zoo lacks in imagination to make the trip enticing for children. There are no colourful slides imparting information on animal world, trainers who can stir inmates to perform antics, activities like on the spot quiz, short games etc. If introduced, these can make the visit a memorable,\" shared Alexander Sen who had brought his daughter to the zoo.Wildlife experts, too, are critical of the functioning of Lucknow zoo. \"It does not adhere to the guidelines of the National Zoo Policy. Instead of being a picnic spot, the zoo should focus on the breeding of rare Indian species,\" says wildlife enthusiast Kaushlendra Singh.GC Mishra, former director of Kanpur zoo, says the 70-acre campus is not enough to house so many inmates and it should be relocated to some other place like Kukrail Picnic Spot. There should be ban on man-animal contact and steps should be taken to ensure better amenities for inmates,\" Mishra adds.Despite these shortcomings, Lucknow zoo remains a popular destination on city's circuit. Located in the heart of the city, it offers an easy access. The ban on plastic stuff is effective to a large extent, except the crocodile enclosures where plastic bottles can be seen strewn in the water. The animals are well fed and taken care of. The 'Baradari' is well maintained and the solar lights keep the place illuminated besides cutting down on power expenses.Zoo director Renu Singh says a makeover plan is ready and soon the zoo would see new initiatives being introduced. These would include bilingual and attractive information boards about inmates, counters selling zoo-based brochures and souvenirs, tie-ups with foreign zoos for exchange of animals, a female companion for male rhino Lohit and a renovated toy train station.Zoo inmates will surely pin their hope on these initiatives for a better existence. These would also make the visits to the zoo fascinating. Made to live away from their natural habitat in the wild, zoo should have all facilities so that these creatures feel at home and not alienated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16694129", "title": "Bokaro thermal station hit by fire", "text": "BOKARO: Three units of Chandrapura Power Thermal Station (CTPS), a unit of Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC), suffered breakdown after fire broke out in circulating water pump cable here on Friday. Because of the incident power generation dipped from normal production capacity of 840 MW to 490 MW in CTPS.Chief engineer R Basuri said the incident occurred around 9am. However, situation was brought under control soon after the incident. Of the five units, production in three has been hit. Though the fire was doused the cable got damaged. Restoration is on in full swing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16692969", "title": "ISB students to bid for date with a CEO", "text": "MOHALI: Bid and spend a day with your dream corporate icon!This is the mantra being followed by ISB Mohali students, who are part of a unique campaign to \"shadow a CEO\" for a day.These CEOs and corporate honchos include Ajay Piramal, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Narayana Murthy and Sunil Lulla among several leaders of top corporate houses of the country.Juhee Bhandarkar, marketing coordinator for 'Shadow a CEO' programme, said, \"The program will give the students an opportunity to engage with the stalwarts in a more informal environment. They will get an opportunity to witness how decisions are made and how the leaders drive an organization.\"She added that the students would not get such experience by reading books.The management students will participate in an open auction through a popular website and funds raised through the auction will go to an NGO of the CEO's choice.'Give India foundation', a social organization that is celebrating the Joy of Giving Week as a national movement, has collaborated with ISB and other top B-Schools for the event.\"Not only will the students get to meet their dream CEOs, the initiative will also help in raising awareness in the corporate India about social responsibility. It also drives home the fact that the focus of B-schools is to lay emphasis not only on academics and research but also on building social responsibility,\" said an ISB official.The bidding will take place from October 5-16 and the top three bidders for each CEO will be shortlisted. Making the process of meeting the dream CEO a bit harder, the students will also be asked to give a letter of intent on why they are bidding for a particular CEO.\"This nationwide movement aims at engaging one crore Indians in different acts of giving, which includes their money, time, resources and skills, spanning the corporate, NGO and government sectors, schools, colleges and the public,\" the official added.A panel comprising faculty and administrative members from the ISB will review the letters of intent and decide collectively on the most deserving bidder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16692926", "title": "Government to set up Dolphin watching point at Patna", "text": "PATNA: The state government, with an aim to create awareness about the fast extinction of Ganga river dolphins, has decided to start a dolphin watching point near the natural habitat of the mammals in Patna . This was announced by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi during the Dolphin Day function organized at Rabindra Bhavan to raise awareness about conservation of dolphin, which was declared as national aquatic animal in 2005.He said the government will soon contact the state tourism department in this regard and the point, to start with, will be open for public once in a week.\"Dolphin Day is a step towards conserving the Ganga river dolphin. Every year, the government will observe the day on October 5 and also monitor their rescue and release on yearly basis,\" Modi said. The function was part of the Wildlife Week being observed in Bihar (October 2-9).RK Sinha, chairperson of the working group for dolphin conservation set up by the central government, welcomed the initiative. \"Dolphin Day will help spread the message of their conservation. Ganga dolphins are the fresh water dolphins which are being killed at an alarming rate by poachers for their flesh and oil,\" Sinha said. He added that there are numbers of fishermen who have nexus with poachers.The mammal is covered under the Schedule I of the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act and has been declared an endangered species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). \"There is no scientific way to identify them. The sighting record process is the only way to keep track of them. The sound and water pollution is also affecting dolphins,\" Sinha said.The Gangetic dolphin species, found in India, Bangladesh and Nepal , is blind and finds its way in the river waters through echoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16693411", "title": "Sunil Jakhar meets Sushilkumar Shinde on militancy fear", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Leader of Opposition in Punjab, Sunil Jakhar met Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde in New Delhi to highlight the sense of insecurity among people in the state following hints of terror revival in the state and the tacit response and support being provided by the state government.Jakhar said there is a renewed fear among people that terror might make a comeback, specially after the assassination bid on Lt Gen (retd) K S Brar in London. He stressed that the Punjab Police had recently reviewed the security cover and, in the process, scaled down security to Congressmen.\"Congress leaders, at the state, district level have been vociferous against terror activities in the state and are targets of terror groups. Despite this, their security has been withdrawn. We demand that the entire list be reviewed again,\" he said.Touching upon the scam in the disbursement of central funds meant for border development, Jakhar urged Shinde to order a CBI probe into the scam which saw Cabinet minister Gulzar Singh Ranike step down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16694067", "title": "A slice of India in Ranchi pandals", "text": "RANCHI: At a time when Durga Puja is moving away from tradition in its theme, pandals as also the manner of celebration, Ranchi is trying to revive the lost glory. So this Durga Puja, don't be surprised if the city turns into a veritable paradise with various Puja committees gearing up to provide the most magnificent and view of temples spread across the country through their pandals.The Geetanjali Club of Morhabadi has come up with the concept of an eco-friendly pandal. Modelled on the Meenakshi Temple of Madurai, the pandal will be made of bamboos and cane. Member of the committee Chhotu Singh said, \"The pandal will be 50 ft high and 45 ft wide. Not a single piece of cloth will be used in its making. The 13-ft high idol of goddess Durga will be made out of clay.\"The puja pandal at Bakri Bazaar is being modelled on Ram Mandir of Ayodhya. \"The pandal will be 100 ft high and 135 ft broad and will be made of plywood and fibre. The height of the idol of Maa Durga will be 23 ft,\" said Sanjay Chaudhary, member of Bhartiya Nav Yuvak Sangh, the puja organizing committee.A unique pandal made of foam towels will be the major attraction for pandal hoppers this year. The 110 ft high pandal is being made by the Kokar Durga Puja Committee.The puja pandal of Hinoo Durga Puja Committee this year will be based on the Maluti temple of Dumka. Secretary of the Committee Indrajeet Sinha said, \"The idol will be based on the Dhak Saaj, which is the traditional idol of Maa Durga. The chief artisan Jagdeesh Pal is from Ranchi but the supporting artists have come from West Bengal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692528", "title": "Denied share of Dubai deals, Parvez Tak killed Laila: Crime branch chargesheet", "text": "MUMBAI: Laila Khan's stepfather Parvez Tak killed the starlet and five of her family members out of anger as he was not given a share of the money the family had received from business deals with a Dubai-based man known only as Shaikh, states the chargesheet filed by the crime branch.The chargesheet, however, does not elaborate on the nature of business Laila and her sisters had with Shaikh, who was allegedly an acquaintance of Tak, nor does it give more information about his identity.On Wednesday, the crime branch filed a 984-page chargesheet in the Esplanade court, stating that Tak, who was Laila's mother's third husband, had plotted the murder with his aide Shakir Hussain, a wanted accused in the case.In February 2011, Tak persuaded Laila and her family to visit their Igatpuri farmhouse on the pretext of finding Kashmiri alliances for her and her sisters, the chargesheet alleges. Among other evidence recovered from the spot, the police found details of the family's bank accounts and six bank passbooks.Laila, her mother Saleena, siblings Azmina, Imran &amp; Zara, and another relative, Reshma Khan, went missing from Mumbai in February 2011. Tak, a road contractor, emerged as the prime suspect after the seizure of the two MUVs belonging to the starlet from Jammu &amp; Kashmir.Tak allegedly told the interrogators that he killed Laila and her family members at the farmhouse on February 8 last year. Among the evidence recovered from the farmhouse were details of the family's bank accounts and six passbooks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692687", "title": "Thursday night's incident opens a can of worms", "text": "JAIPUR: Banasthali University has been in the limelight for all the wrong reasons in the recent past.The chilling incident of a girl committing suicide on the campus in August this year haunts the hostellers till date.On Thursday, they were witness to another horror story when a girl was shifted to a hospital in Jaipur after being allegedly raped at the university premises.In an unprecedented act, girls staged a rally, boycotted classes and turned the campus into a battleground.Demanding a fair probe into the incident, the students alleged that the administration was trying to hush up the matter.\"Students are subjected to various kinds of harassment, be it as classrooms, toilets or common mess,\" an agitating girl said and added that the campus lacks adequate security and villagers from nearby areas often enter the premises.She alleged that the university employees too are guilty of passing lewd comments and making objectionable gestures.\"Our toilet walls are littered with derogatory writings. Many a times, male staff is assigned to clean our rooms and toilets, causing much embarrassment to us,\" a student who recently got enrolled at the university complained.Most of the security guards employed locally are not properly trained, and often behave rudely with girls.The serious allegations levelled by the students against the university administration have raised questions on the safety and security of 5,000 girls.By Friday evening, the number of girls protesting against the administration had reduced to one-third of the total strength.Those protesting accused the administration of using foul means to break their strength.\"Since yesterday they held several round of talks with us threatening to suspend us if we don't withdraw our protest. Now it is too late for them to react.....It was better if they should have reacted on our complaints,\" said Richa, a student, over phone from Banasthali on behalf of all the protesting students.A teacher however said that \"The protesting students are those who are finding it difficult to adjust to the traditional teaching system. They complain about everything which is held as a tradition here: the salwar kameez dress code, participating in functions, and not using mobile phones on campus.\"Vice-chancellor Aditya Shastri remained unavailable for comments throughout the day.He, however, tried to reach out to students by sending out a written message admitting that he failed to create an ideal environment required for holistic development of students.The letter read: \"Students you are very well aware that allegations you are leveling against Banasthali is baseless....I appeal all of you not to damage the property of this institute and return to classes for your bright future otherwise you will be called a 'loser'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16695573", "title": "How to choose the right mp3 player", "text": "The first thing you need to do is to find out what your usage patterns are out of this device. Can you afford an expensive mp3 player, or do you want a cheaper one? You will use it while driving to and from work, working around the house or while exercising?It needs to play video files and to show pictures as well? Or, maybe you need it to have a FM radio tuner or digital voice-recording features. There are two types of mp3 players: flash mp3 players and hard drive mp3 players.The advantage of flash mp3 players is that they have no moving parts (they have an embedded memory chip) and are ideal to use while running or exercising. Another advantage is that they are cheaper than hard disk mp3 players.Also, as long as the memory does not get corrupted, they will never crash. The disadvantage is that flash mp3 players have relatively low memory, but on the other hand they can be upgraded by choosing a larger memory card.As new models of mp3 players appear all the time, older ones are available at cheaper prices, even for the hard drive mp3 players.And lastly, research before you buy. Never purchase a gadget on impulse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16696169", "title": "A smartphone app to check for signs of cancer", "text": "LONDON: A new smartphone app can help people with moles identify if a little blemish might turn into a big problem at the tap of a screen.'Doctor Mole' uses augmented reality technology to check moles for irregularities in size, shape, colour and border.After taking a picture of a mole, the user is presented with a colour-coded 'risk' level for each of these characteristics.The app can archive and compare data to check for any changes in a mole and will also remind the user when it's time to check a mole again.Changes in moles are a common sign of malignant melanoma, one of the three main types of skin cancer . Melanoma can also develop in normal-looking skin.Although less common than basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma, malignant melanoma causes the majority of deaths from skin cancer. It is mainly caused by exposure to UV rays.\"I have already had 3 basal cell carcinomas removed from my neck, face and back, and at my age this is very rare. So I have pretty much seen first hand the dangers of the sun. That's where the idea for Doctor Mole came from,\" the Daily Mail quoted Mark Shippen, the developer of Doctor Mole from Australia, as saying.\"I don't have a background in medicine, but when I found my first cancer a few years back I pretty much read everything about it and had a solid understanding of what to look for. Then it was just a simple case of combining the knowledge I had gained with my software development skills, and DoctorMole was created,\" he said.Melanoma is especially dangerous if it is not found early. Regular skin checks can help people discover melanoma in its earliest stages, doctors agree.Doctor Mole isn't the first tool to help smartphone users check for signs of skin cancer. Other apps guide users through self exams, and the German-made 'Handyscope' converts an iPhone into a dermatoscope, which doctors use to look for melanoma.Mark stresses that his app is not, and will never be a substitute for a real doctor, even though he says quite a few doctors have told him they are using it with their patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16691794", "title": "CM addresses tribal agitators from the US", "text": "BHOPAL: Landless tribal agitators who are marching to New Delhi under the banner of Ekta Parishad received a phone call from Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Friday morning. Chouhan, who is at present in the United States on an official visit, addressed the 50,000 protestors speaking from his mobile phone.The chief minister said that his government was sympathetic towards the issue of landless tribals and has taken a number of steps for the welfare of the community. He also claimed that the state would support the demand for land reforms for tribals and the Centre should take the issue seriously. Chouhan addressed the Jan Satyagraha agitators at Jaderua village in Morena district.He further said that that his government would restart distributing land 'pattas' to landless tribals. He claimed the state government has already made sincere efforts for the education of tribals children giving them scholarships and hostel facilities. Lakhs of petty cases registered and pending against tribals will be withdrawn by the state, the chief minister promised.Chouhan sent BJP national general secretary and MP from Morena, Narendra Singh Tomar, to meet the protestors on the Agra-Bombay national highway. Addressing the large gathering of demonstrators, Tomar said: \"In 2007, the UPA-Centre constituted a committee of ministers to look into tribal affairs. Five years have passed and not a single meeting has been held by the committee. The UPA-Centre is obviously not as interested in tribal welfare as it is in foreign direct investment.''Tomar maintained that the Madhya Pradesh BJP government has always been responsive towards tribals. As much as 23% of the state budget is allocated for tribals, he added. Ekta Parishad convener PV Rajagopal was present during the chief minister and Tomar's address.The march continued on the Agra-Bombay national highway from Morena district headquarters towards the Rajasthan border. In the evening, the procession halted at Chambalpura Rajghat on the border of Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan after covering a distance of 13 km through the day. On Saturday, the march continues through Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16692806", "title": "SC seeks clarity on retail FDI move", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday sought clarity from the Centre on the legal sanctity behind recent decisions allowing foreign direct investment (FDI) in various sectors, including multi-brand retail, but clarified that there was no doubt that policy decisions remained in the executive's exclusive domain.A bench of Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave asked petitioner advocate M L Sharma to give a copy of his PIL to attorney general G E Vahanvati to enable him to give the requisite clarification to the court on October 12, but frowned at the petitioner for making the Prime Minister's Office a party. Sharma said he would delete principal secretary in PMO as a respondent.Posting the matter for hearing on October 12 to get a clear picture on the legal scheme that backed the recent decision of the Centre opening up the retail sector to FDI, the bench confessed that it had an uneasy feeling that the petitioner had either inadvertently missed out or was not presenting the correct legal proposition relating to the FDI decisions.The bench, meanwhile, had made up its mind to dismiss the PIL, saying, \"You (petitioner) assume that the policy had to be issued in the name of the President, which is absolutely unfounded. A policy decision need not be placed before Parliament. Only when a law is enacted on the basis of policy, it is required to be placed in Parliament. The court has no role in the framing of policy decisions or lacunae therein.\"But Sharma doggedly defended his challenge to allowing FDI in retail and showed the court how the government regulated FDI in India by making rules and regulations from time to time under the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA), 1999.He said that Regulation 5 read with provisions of FEMA strictly prohibited FDI in retail trading (except in single brand product retailing), atomic energy, lottery, gambling and betting, business of chit funds, Nidhi company, trading in transferable development rights (TDRs) and activities/sectors not opened to private investment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16692582", "title": "Packet with stillborn baby found in bus", "text": "MANGALORE: The discovery of a stillborn baby, mistakenly handed over by a KSRTC staff to a private bus driver assuming it as chicken meat, created panic at Bajegoli in Karkala on Wednesday.Police said the Hosadurga-Dharmasthala KSRTC bus staff found a packet on the back row and suspecting it to be meat gave it to a private bus driver.The driver to his horror found the stillborn baby in the parcel when he opened it at home. Police said there was no foul play by the KSRTC staff and the packet may have been left by one of the passengers.The stillborn was premature, according to autopsy reports. Karkala police are investigating the case.Worker commits suicideBasavaraj,30, a construction worker from Bijapur, on Friday allegedly committed suicide by jumping from the fourth floor of a hospital in Kuntikana where he was admitted for treatment.The victim, an alcoholic, was admitted by the building supervisor Vasanth from Valencia as he was running high fever on Thursday. He was admitted to the general ward on the third floor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16694230", "title": "Rs10 cr worth gold looted from finance company", "text": "MADURAI: In a daring robbery, a five-member gang kidnapped two employees of a Kerala-based private finance company and robbed 37kg of gold after snatching away the keys of its branch office in Madurai on Thursday night.The employees, who claimed that they were let off by the gang on Friday on the outskirts of Madurai, lodged a complaint with police about the incident. A spokesperson for the company, Muthoot FinCorp, refused to divulge quantum of the gold looted from its branch, but assured its customers that they would not face any financial loss as the stolen gold was insured.While senior police officers remained tight-lipped stating that an inquiry is on, investigating officers said that 37kg gold worth about Rs 10 crore has been taken away by the gang, according to the complaint.Police said that Balasubramanian of Thenral Nagar in Vilangudi, the manager of Muthoot Fincorp branch at Karimedu in the city was returning home on Thursday night when the five-member gang in a car kidnapped him. The gang threatened him at knife-point in the moving car and snatched away the keys of the branch. Realising that the branch had two locks and that the key for the other lock was with assistant manager Sathish Kumar, the gang telephoned him. They threatened Balasubramanian to talk to Sathish Kumar and asked him to bring the other key.Once Sathish Kumar brought the key, he was also dragged into the car by the gang that drove to the office of the finance company. While the two employees were held inside the car, the gang opened the office and robbed the entire cache of gold jewels, police said.\"The gang also switched off the burglar alarm when they entered the office. The security guard there had allegedly gone away to have his dinner when the incident occurred. The gang locked the office and left the place,\" a police officer said, citing the complainants. Balasubramanian and Sathish Kumar were let-off on the outskirts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16693090", "title": "Two ship-breakers get death threats, Alang seeks security", "text": "RAJKOT: The world's biggest ship dismantling yard - Alang - is reeling under fear. Already battling rampant thefts on board the vessels from local pirates, ship-breakers are now alleging threat to their lives.On Thursday, president of Ship Recycling Industries Association (India) V K Gupta was allegedly threatened of dire consequences by a one person who intercepted his car when he was on his way to Alang from Bhavnagar.According to Alang police station officials, Gupta was intercepted by one Vanrajsinh Gohil near Kathva village on Thursday and he threatened him.On September 30, too, another ship-breaker in Sosiya yard Ramesh Agrawal was allegedly threatened by Gohil and a police complaint was lodged on Thursday. Alang police inspector P R Desai told TOI that they have lodged an FIR against Gohil. Local Crime Branch officials have fanned out across the villages near Alang to nab Gohil.On Friday, a group of ship-breakers on Friday met district collector V P Patel and senior police officials to demand for more safety measures in wake of such incidents. Ship-breakers have demanded State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) for their protection.\"The goons and thieves have gone a step further and are now threatening ship-breakers,\" joint secretary of the association Nikhil Gupta said.Alang has been witnessing frequent cases of thefts where miscreants, mostly from nearby villages, use small boats and board the ships to steal whatever they can lay their hands on. They also threaten security guards at the ship-breaking plots if stopped. The thieves are suspected to be coming from villages like Sartanpar, Bharapara, Mathavda and Mithivirdi and mostly strike at midnight. According to police records, there were 17 thefts reported in Alang in 2010, which increased to 24 in 2011.On June 28, a 45-year-old watchman Sitaram Devmurari was murdered at one of the plots. In fact, Devmurari used to charge money from thieves to let them enter other plots and steal.\"We have arrested the three persons in this case. Devmurari has huge chunk of ancestral land in Alang from where accused used to go for thefts,\" investigating officer at Alang police station S V Acharya said.\"The actual numbers of thefts in ship-breaking yards are much higher than what have registered at police station. This is a serious issue. In our meeting with police, we told them about various kinds of theft issue. Also, there is strong nexus between thieves and purchasers of stolen material in Alang itself,'' a ship-breaker on the condition of anonymity said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680247", "title": "Anurag Kashyap to relaunch Tejaswini", "text": "The actress, who started off her career with the filmmaker's debut project Paanch, will play an alcoholic in his film UglyPadmini Kolhapure's sister Tejaswini started off her acting career as the leading lady in Anurag Kashyap's debut directorial Paanch. The film about five members of a rock band who were involved in drugs was considered a little ahead of its times. And though available online, the critically appreciated venture never got a proper theatrical release in the country.As a result, Tejaswini's Bollywood career too remained restricted to smaller projects and character roles. She was last seen in Mani Ratnam's 2010 film Raavan. But now, the actress is all set to make a comeback with the same filmmaker, Kashyap's next - Ugly.According to sources, Tejaswini will play an alcoholic woman who gets together with her former husband, played by Ronit Roy, when their child gets kidnapped.According to a source close to the film, Tejaswini will require to look alcoholic for real for the role. \"In our films drunk people are shown toppling over all the time. That isn't really the way it works in real life.Tejaswini would have to get the body language and the slightly spaced-out bearing of her character right. Filmy harkatein nahin chalegi (filmy antics won't do). And Anurag Kashyap has full faith in Ronit and Tejaswini who will get ample time to get into character,\" said the source.Interestingly Ronit and Tejaswini have never met. \"They will get to know each other when they start rehearsing for the film,\" informed the source.While Kolhapure confirmed her presence in Ugly she refused to comment on her role saying, \"All I'll say at this point is, it is something very different from what actresses do in our films.\"Ronit on the other hand, is happy to have got a meaty role. To us, the actor said, \"After Udaan I haven't really done a leading man's part. My role in Karan Johar's Student Of The Year is a little more than a cameo. I did it for Karan Johar . Ugly has me in the central role. It is a thriller set in a real time. I play a man caught in a crisis.\"Anurag plans a film with Bachchans At a special screening of the historical drama Chittagong on Wednesday, co-producer Anurag Kashyap was seen having an animated conversation with the Big B. We've learnt Kashyap is writing a film that will star not just the Big B but son Abhishek as well.While Kashyap didn't revert, Big B simply said,\"I think Anurag is planning something. Better you ask him.\"Meanwhile, a source close to Kashyap revealed, \"Whatever happened between Amitabh Bachchan and Anurag Kashyap is all in the past. They're now on the same page. And I can tell you with certainty that Anurag is writing a film that will star both Amitji and Abhishek.\"The source said, \"I don't think it's a father-son story. It's something that Amitji has not done in the past. And it'll be something very different from what Sr and Jr Bachchan have done so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691188", "title": "Dr Yeshwant Ambatkar points finger at MLA Krishna Khopde", "text": "NAGPUR: Dr Yeshwant Ambatkar, husband of corporator Safalta Ambatkar, has accused East Nagpur MLA and city BJP president Krishna Khopde of duping him of Rs 70 lakh by selling a bogus transferable development right (TDR) for building construction. The allegation comes a day after the Ambatkar couple was accused by two city doctors and the IMA of demanding Rs 25 lakh for regularization of their hospital building.Addressing a press conference at a city hotel on Friday, Dr Ambatkar said Khopde had played the role of a mediator in getting him a TDR for Rs 70 lakh for 6428 square metes which he required for expanding his hospital in Dhantoli area. The Ambatkar couple is practicing doctors and for past decades has been running a hospital there that served poor people of nearby slums.\"I gave Rs 50 lakh in cash to Khopde and Rs 20 lakh through demand drafts to Bharat Patel and Sanjay Awchat, friends of Khopde who claimed to be in possession of the said TDR. But soon I found that the TDR was bogus and it was challenged by Mohan Patel who said that it was executed after the power of attorney had lapsed,\" Ambatkar said. He said his lawyers told him that the TDR was illegal and was not executable. But when he approached Khopde for return of the money, the latter kept on assuring him that the TDR was valid and would be transferred at the earliest.Asked why he did not complain to the police if he was sure that he was defrauded, Dr Ambatkar said since he was a BJP member for 25 years and trusted Khopde, he believed the matter would be resolved amicably. \"However, now I plan to file a police complaint. I will also approach chief minister Prithiviraj Chavan, who holds urban development ministry, to seek dissolving of the BJP-run NMC because of large scale illegal TDR scam,\" Ambatkar added.Asked for his reaction, Khopde did admit that he played mediator in the TDR matter with Ambatkars and his two friends who had the rights. \"The TDR itself is perfectly valid and has already been claimed by Ambatkar. He has leveled charges only after I expelled him from the party for indulging in anti-party activities and making baseless charges against some senior party leaders,\" Khopde insisted. He said he had also served a show cause notice on Safalta Ambatkar on Friday seeking explanation if she was involved in making the accusation against Sandeep Joshi and Rajesh Bagdi. Without naming anyone, he said Ambatkar was being influenced by a local Congress leader to implicate him in the matter.Dr Ambatkar was not accompanied by his wife at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16692854", "title": "Diamonds bring glitter to tribal lives", "text": "SURAT: As a farm labourer, Basanti Chaudhary of Manad village in Mangrol taluka took home barely Rs 4,000 every month. Four years later, this tribal's income has increased threefold after he got trained and employed in a diamond unit in his area.Besides earning Rs 14,000 every month, Anil Vasava, another tribal in Jhankhvav, won a television and a fridge for his stellar performance of polishing 400 stones in a month. \"I am now able to take care of the education expenses of my daughter and son,\" says Vasava, a former construction worker.Diamond cutting and polishing is no longer the forte of diamond workers from Saurashtra. Tribal hands in remote areas of south Gujarat are slowly making their presence felt in this Rs 85,000 crore industry.In the past four years, small and medium diamond makers have set up 130 units in the tribal-dominated areas like Jhankhvav, Mandvi, Vankal, Ahwa, Dang, border villages of Nandurbar in Maharashtra and Vansda. From a few hundred workers, these units are now employing close to 17,000 tribals. What's more, these tribals are now processing Rs 1,000 crore worth polished diamonds of small sizes every year.\"By 2015, there will be at least 250 units employing 35,000 tribals,\" said Dinesh Navadia, president of Surat Diamond Association (SDA). Diamond makers ventured into tribal areas to tide over the severe dearth of skilled hands as young generation of present workers were looking for other job options. \"About 60% of the present workforce is in their 40s and will have to retire as their eyes get weaker,\" he said.Kishore Patel, who has set up a unit in Jhankhvav, said, \"To retain the workforce, we also provide transportation facility to the tribals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692098", "title": "Lookout notice against theme park owners for woman\u2019s death", "text": "CHENNAI: A lookout notice has been issued against the owners of the EVP World Theme Park in Chembarambakkam where Kingfisher Airlines flight attendant F Afia Magh, 22, of Nagaland fell to her death from a joyride on Tuesday. The theme park has been shut down since then.The notice has been sent to all airports in the country through the city police commissionerate with the photographs of the owners, E V Perumal Swamy and his son E V P Santosh Reddy. Initially, investigators failed to get their pictures but managed them later.The Nazarathpet police had registered a case under IPC Section 304 (ii) (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and arrested five people, including park general manager park Babu. Teams led by Poonamallee assistant commissioner of police K K Murugesan raided the residences and offices of the park's owners.After the icident, revenue officials led by Tiruvallur sub-collector M Ravikumar visited the theme park to inspect the quality and the stability of the equipment installed there, but couldn't do so as the park was shut down. The revenue officials issued notice to the owners asking them to produce the various required documents before them to get the park reopened.On Tuesday last, Afia Magh and her friend Arnab Kumar Chakravorty, 26, of Assam visited the theme park. They booked a ticket on the Octopus joyride and during the run, Afia Magh was thrown off her seat and fell to the ground. She sustained head injuries and was taken to the Saveetha Medical College Hospital where she died. After preliminary inquiries, investigation officers revealed that the safety belt of her seat came off during the ride and she fell down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692319", "title": "In quarterlies, schoolkids get a taste of board exams", "text": "CHENNAI: After introducing curriculum reforms in school education, the state has taken the first step towards launching examination reforms this year. The common quarterly examinations for Classes 10 and 12 served as the launch pad for questions that tested the higher order thinking skills of students in state board and matriculation schools. The idea was introduced in the evaluation system in CBSE schools a couple of years ago.Schools said that while a major portion of the paper contained questions taken from the end of the chapter in the textbook, around 10% of the questions were applications or concept based. \"It was a standard question paper that tested the analytical ability of students who had prepared well,\" said correspondent of Shree Niketan Matriculation School P Vishnucharan.When private schools were told they would be having common examinations right from the start, many complained saying that the school education department standards would measure up to the student standards. But after they saw the quarterly examinations, they have changed their mind. Principal and correspondent of Everwin Matriculation Higher Secondary School B Purushothaman said: \"It was like a mini board examination. We even brought in teachers from other schools to evaluate the answer sheets, so students got a feel of a board examination.\" The school paid teachers from six other schools 10 to evaluate an answer paper so they could have a foolproof assessment of the performance of their 'board examination students.'Many students and parents were, however, upset over the move. Students who did not expect questions out of the textbook were caught unprepared, and many scored marks lower than their expectations. In competitive Tamil Nadu, students of Classes 10 and 12 consider each cycle test as a precursor to the board examination, and worry over every mark lost.\"My son was very upset that he could not identify the questions in the examination. He has been studying so hard. It was demotivating. Why should this batch be penalised when students have been able to score high marks by studying only the textbook content for so many years,\" asked Kalpana Narendran, mother of a Class 10 student. School heads, however, said that they were pleased with the initiative as it would help students change their attitude towards academics and stop rote learning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "play", "code": "16696138", "title": "Theatre Review: Bisarjan", "text": "Play: BisarjanDirected by: Suman MukhopadhyayDuration: 125 minutesCast: Gautam, Kaushik, Biplab, Turna, MishkaLanguage: BengaliRating: 4Tagore's masterpiece, Bisarjan (1890), underscored how mankind lost out on their paradise trying to please a god that yearned for animal sacrifice. Staging the play today, Director Suman Mukhopadhyay's interprets the theme of sacrifice at various levels. An enormous leg \u2014 symbolic of Goddess Kali \u2014 is there on stage throughout, letting the director set the tone for thoughtprovoking drama.Full marks to the set design team for conceiving an artistic platform \u2014 with stairs around it, a door at the back and a ghonta overhead, and of course, the leg by the side \u2014 that's just apt for the period piece. It's here that the theme of Bisarjan is explored, with most of the pivotal characters sacrificing what's closest to their heart \u2014 love, trust, throne, title, relationships \u2014 willingly or unwillingly.Breathing life into this multi-layered play are thespians Goutam Halder (as the evil head priest Raghupati) and Kaushik Sen (Raghupati's foster son-cum-disciple Jaisingh). From one of the early scenes in the play, where he arrogantly kicks Maharaja Gobindamanikya's ( Biplab Bandopadhyay) throne and says, \"Uchchhonne jao\" and stomps off the stage, to his final silent howl on discovering Jaisingh dead, Halder is excellent. Delicately handling the Brahmins' sacred thread or poita between his fingers when threatening to tear it, exuding malice as he smears red vermillion (symbolic of raj rokto) on Jaisingh's forehead and mouthing lines such as, \"Montrir pode podaghaat kori ami\", Halder makes a definite statement.Sen, on his part, impeccably portrays the dilemma of Jaisingh as he remains torn between truth and lies, right and wrong, love and responsibility. Even his long monologues tug at your heartstrings. Turna Das as Aparna (a poor girl whose pet goat is sacrificed in the beginning and who falls for Jaisingh) and Mishka Halim as childless Rani Gunabati do a commendable job. Jayaraj Bhattacharya as the King's brother Nakshatra is fluid in his portrayal of a cowardly crown prince. From his cunning, peering-from-below-thelashes look to his reptile-like body movements while climbing down the platform, Jayaraj glides through the challenging role.Stunning light projections and a strong music score add to the drama. The aesthetically designed costumes too contribute to the play's grandeur. They say this Tagore text is jinxed because few directors have been able to successfully stage it. Believing in such hearsay and giving the play a miss is a wasted sacrifice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16693282", "title": "Special cell to solve pension woes of cops", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The state police headquarters Allahabad has started a grievance redressal cell to address the grievances of police personnel and their families related to pension, GPF and health schemes.Additional director general (ADG), police headquarters, Surya Kumar said the complainants would be apprised about the exact status of problem/grievances within three hours.DSP (welfare) Aashutosh Mishra has been appointed nodal officer while sub-inspector Santosh Kumar Shukla will assist him.The cell has so far addressed 63 complaints. DSP Mishra said police personnel and their families would be told about the progress reports within stipulated time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16694010", "title": "Not much hassle in getting subsidized LPG cylinders", "text": "LUCKNOW: The six-cylinder cap on subsidised LPG cylinders has triggered confusion among consumers as most of them are unaware about the technicalities of the new policy and the month from which it will become applicable.The subsidy cap is likely to lead to more economical use of the cooking gas. The government's motive is to streamline LPG connections pan-India and rule out possibilities of illegal connections and its misuse. The government, however, has miscalculated the consumption pattern. It would be a difficult task to compile the database of the households which have joint family system and more than one connection. In a situation where nobody is sure about the pricing, supply pattern and the actual number of genuine connections, how would distributors manage to figure out genuine demand every month and keep a check on the supply of subsidised cylinders, is a matter of concern.TOI spoke to some distributors in Lucknow and officials of the Indian Oil marketing companies to find answers to these questions. These oil companies are upgrading their softwares to incorporate the new category \"non-subsidised domestic LPG\" to ensure uninterrupted supply to consumers. The oil companies have sent new softwares to their respective distributors.1. What is the cutoff for subsidised and non-subsidised cylinders?Ans: One would get six subsidised cylinders per household from April to March in a year.2. How will companies address the problems of joint families?Ans: Oil companies have been following a standard definition for a 'household' which means a functioning 'kitchen'. The same is applicable for the new category 'non-subsidised LPG cylinders'. If a family has more than one functioning kitchen under one roof or in one address, they are certainly liable for those number of connections and would be treated as separate households though living in one house. It is legal as long as there is more than one kitchen in that house.3. What if someone has taken connections from two or more companies in his name?Ans: Distributors say oil companies are busy developing a special software which would have a common database for all the three companies supplying LPG in the country viz Indian Oil, Hindustan Petroleum and Bharat Petroleum after which it would be easier for everyone to catch hold of the culprits. It is illegal. Though no one had a clear idea about the time by when this software would be ready. Interestingly, a senior officer in an oil company confirmed that this database would be ready in a month or two and it would be easy for the companies to capture the culprits. He said the data exchange between the oil companies will take some more time. Meanwhile, the companies are busy cleaning up their database and getting KYC (Know Your Customer) forms filled in by their customers.4. From which date is this policy applicable? We are towards end of 2012-13, so how many cylinders one can avail in this period post the announcement?Ans: The policy is applicable from September 14, 2012. Since six months have already passed in this year, so the government has decided to give three subsidised cylinders between September 14 and March 31.5. A person might be having connections in more than one address. How will companies figure this out?Ans: This is certainly illegal. The distributors have been carrying out a drive to clean out the process and only offer genuine connections, that is, one connection per household (per kitchen). The drive is being for past two years on the mandate of all oil companies. The companies check the defaulters and issue notices to consumers to surrender their connections if found illegal. This is to check misuse of subsidised cylinders. Consumers with genuine connections (having separate functioning kitchen) have to give an undertaking through an affidavit for verification.6. What is the present status of new connections? Are the connections being given easily or has the process become more complicated and formal?Ans: The new connections have been put on hold for time being. The distributors are taking some time before the new software and the system starts functioning properly. The freeze on new connections was imposed around September 28-29 this year. An oil company official said all the companies are busy upgrading to new software, hence release of new connections has been stopped for some time. Normally, it takes around 15-20 days to get a new connection after proper verification. People need not panic as things will fall in place gradually.7. A family might have connections in the name of more than one member. Is this allowed? How will companies streamline this?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693752", "title": "Woman jumps to death from hospital balcony", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 40-year-old woman committed suicide by jumping off the seventh floor of GTB Hospital in northeast Delhi on Friday morning. The deceased has been identified as Rekha from Bulandshahr, police said. Rekha had consumed poison after killing her step-children.The deceased, who was admitted to ward number 27, was brought to the hospital by her nephew and a constable from the UP police, said cops. She was found lying in a pool of blood around 5am.Rekha had left her bed on the pretext of going to the bathroom but went to the balcony and jumped off it, police said. She was taken to the emergency section of the hospital where she was declared brought dead.Rekha had got married to Mahender, an assistant in a government office in Bulandshahr, after her divorce. Mahender had two children from his previous wife and two from Rekha. Due to family problems, Rekha had bludgeoned her step-children to death on Wednesday and consumed insecticide and kerosene.A suicide note was recovered from the place where Rekha was found unconscious in Bulandshahr. The UP police had registered a murder case and sent Rekha to Delhi for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16695513", "title": "Distribution of laddoos at 'English Vinglish' premiere", "text": "Everyone at the premiere of Gauri Shinde's English Vinglish was gifted a box of laddoos.Some stars (we won't name them) were even seen secretly tucking into the yummy box. After Barfi, it's laddoo . Looks like the mithai business in India never had it so good. Just a few back Anurag Basu's film Barfi saw an escalation in the popularity of the sweetmeat by the name.Now it's laddoos . If you've seen Sridevi's comeback film she specializes in making laddoos for not just family and friends but also for weddings and other happy occasions. Laddoos were ordered from a famous confectionery (Tiwari's) in Mumbai for the premiere and the producer R Balki's standing instruction to his staff and producers Eros Entertainment at the premiere was, \"No one goes home without a dabba .\"Apparently there was so much of the laddoo during the shooting both in India and the US that everyone got addicted to the sweet, including the super-svelte Sridevi. Laughs Balki, \"We are all hopelessly addicted to laddoos . During shooting there was just no getting away from it. We all ended up popping the sinfully rich stuff left right and centre. We will now have to collectively enter a laddoo rehabilitation centre.\"Jokes aside,the premiere of Gauri Shinde's debut film at the PVR Oberoi Mall at Goregaon saw quite a turn-out. Bipasha Basu , Vidya Balan , Kangna Ranaut came to the event alone. Sonakshi Sinha made an appearance with her mother (her father is still largely home-bound after surgery). Anil Kapoor showed up with his entire family minus daughter Sonam who was shooting far away in Varanasi. And the Bachchans, Amitabh and Jaya came to be part of their most faithful producer Balki's wife's moment of triumph although they had viewed the entire film earlier.In fact the Big B was indescribably moved by the opening credit-line of English Vinglish : \"100 Years Of Indian Cinema...70 Years Of Amitabh Bachchan... I am not worthy of this,\" he was heard mumbling.Sridevi glowed with confidence and couldn't stop telling all the guests how her comeback was possible only because of her husband. Says a guest from the venue, \"Sri has never been so unabashed. She even indulged in some PDA with Boney which we thought was very sweet. This was also the first time that her daughters were watching her on the large screen. More than the other guests, Sri was nervous about her daughters' reaction. When they loved what they saw of their mom, Sri breathed a sigh of relief.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16692678", "title": "\u2018Air power use could have changed 1962 outcome\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The IAF believes the humiliating debacle in the 1962 war with China could have been avoided if India had decided to deploy \"offensive\" air power against the invasion by the People's Liberation Army (PLA).\"If offensive airpower had been used in 1962, the outcome would have been very different...it would have changed the course of the war,\" said Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne on Friday, speaking in the run-up to the IAF's 80th anniversary on October 8.The then Jawaharlal Nehru-led government had restricted IAF's role to merely a logistical one, holding that use of air power would be an \"escalatory\" step that would provoke China into bombing Indian cities. But it was flawed, since it later became evident that China's aerial capabilities had been hugely overestimated.With India steadily strengthening its combat capabilities in the northeast with new fighters, infantry divisions, missile squadrons and infrastructure build-up, ACM Browne was clear there \"will be no such limitations this time\" if a 1962-like situation arises again.Asked whether Nehru had \"committed a blunder\", ACM Browne said, \"It seems you have read the book 'The Himalayan Blunder' (by Brigadier John Dalvi, who was captured by the Chinese troops)...I do not want to add to the confusion.\"\"In hindsight, one can learn lessons from history... these are glaring lessons. If IAF had not been used offensively at the right time, the 1999 Kargil war would have continued for another three to four months at those impossible heights,\" he added.Exuding confidence about the \"transformation\" underway in IAF, he said that no other air force in the world had attempted to modernize at such a fast pace in just 15 years. The IAF chief also praised the pilot who had refused to fly Congress leader Rahul Gandhi from Assam last month due to poor weather conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16693023", "title": "Many congested stretches cleared", "text": "LUDHIANA: Pushed into action by the Punjab and Haryana high court orders, a team of the Ludhiana municipal corporation officials on Friday removed encroachments from different parts of the city and also razed three unauthorised colonies in Haibowal area.The team headed by assistant town planner Surinder Singh Bindra and Rajinder Sharma, including inspector Kuljeet Singh and head draftsman Satish Kumar, razed unauthorised colonies in New Shakti Vihar and Rajouri Garden on Jassian Road.The team was accompanied by police to avoid any untoward incident.Many shops that were built in violation of the building bylaws on Churpur Road, Jassian Road, Chandar Nagar main road and area near Malhi Palace were razed to reduce congestion on the roads and help in smooth flow of traffic. A municipal corporation land in Pavittar Nagar was also got vacated by the team.The entire operation that was carried till late in the evening was executed without any resistance from the public. \"The municipal corporation should keep a check on the construction activities in the city and the following of building bylaws as it would save a lot of time and resources. However, the activity presently will help in reducing congestion on the roads and encroachers will think twice before doing anything illegal,\" Pawan Kumar, a businessman and a resident of Haibowal, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16693197", "title": "Panel slams Pak for delay in visa pact", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani parliamentary panel on Friday criticized the interior ministry for the delay in implementing a new visa agreement with India, with members passing a resolution calling on the cabinet to ratify the pact at the earliest.Foreign secretary Jalil Abbas Jillani informed the foreign affairs committee of the Senate or the upper house of the Pakistani parliament that the ratification of the visa agreement by the cabinet was pending due to the interior ministry's delay in completing certain formalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16693754", "title": "'SC order has put mine owners in their place'", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the Supreme Court order on Friday is an endorsement of the state government order which had asked all mining activity to stop a month ago.\"The Supreme Court has not heard the state government in the matter,\" Parrikar said. \"Let the notice come from the Court, and we will reply,\" he added.He also said that in the state government's reply, the apex court would be informed that illegalities in mining were committed during the previous Congress government regime in the state.The chief minister said that the Court may not be aware that this government (his BJP-led one) has not done any illegalities in mining.Leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane said, \"As soon as possible, the SC's environment panel, the central empowered committee, should complete the inquiry, so that common man depending on mining should not suffer.\"The All Goa truck owners association president, Nilkant Gawas, said that \"The fight between the Centre and state government has shown us this day and it would be hard to survive\".Anti-mining activist Ramesh Gawas said that the SUpreme Court has endorsed the Shah commission report and that the order is important for the future of Goa and Goans. He also said that chief minister Manohar Parrikar should recover the amount of 35,000 crore from mine owners and use it to pay the genuine workers working in mines.\"Mine owners have always believed that they are above the law since the Portuguese era, and this order has shown them their place, and that they are not above the law\", Gauns added.Atul Jadhav, president of the all Goa barge owners' association, said: \"All mining-depended people should now become party to the petition and pray to classify mines in different categories so that legal mines are allowed to operate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16692138", "title": "DTCP cancels Dharuhera housing project licence", "text": "GURGAON: The Department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP), Haryana has cancelled the licence of a Delhi-based builder for not paying dues amounting to Rs 12 crore related to a housing project near Gurgaon. The order of cancellation of licence of Dwarkadhis Estate Pvt Ltd came from the office of TC Gupta, director general, DTCP. In 2007, the builder was given a licence for a group housing colony on 7.756 acres land in Sector 24, Dharuhera. The DTCP last month found that the builder didn't pay Rs 12.33 crore on account of original external development charges (EDC). It's mandatory to pay EDC on all housing projects in Haryana. The DTCP office came across the payment default while reviewing the builder's application for renewal of the licence. In August this year, a representative of the builder informed the DTCP that Dwarkadhis Estate had signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Green City Buildtech Pvt Ltd in November 2006 which includes terms and conditions for development as well as payment and deposit of all the government dues. The DTCP officials, however, said that at the time of issuance of licence no such partnership was mentioned and it is the responsibility of Dwarkadhis Estate Pvt Ltd to clear the dues. \"This is not permissible under the provisions of The Haryana Development and Regulation of Urban Areas Act, 1975. Therefore, the reasons given for non-payment are not at all justified,\" said TC Gupta. When asked, managing director of Dwarkadhis %Estate Pvt Ltd, S K Garg, said: \"All the dues will be cleared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16694178", "title": "Bokaro to turn into 'city of temples' this puja", "text": "BOKARO: The Steel City will virtually turn into a city of temples during the forthcoming Durga Puja festival. This year, people will get to see replicas of prominent temples located both in India and abroad as various puja committees would be investing over Rs 50 lakh in erecting the pandals to get similar look and design of the famous temples.There are around two dozen puja pandals which have been erected in Bokaro and Chas townships. And to come out with their best, many puja committees have hired professional workers from West Bengal and neighboring districts for installations of these pandals.\"We are leaving no stone unturned in coming out with stunning puja pandals this year. Visiting the various puja venues this year may make you feel to be an in an entirely new world,\" said Surender Singh, president, puja committee of City Center, Sector IV. He added that they are coming up with a pandal which will be a replica of the Durga Temple in Mauritius .The puja celebrations in Bokaro attract a large number of people from nearby areas and neighbouring districts mainly owing to the lovely pandals, beautiful idols of goddess Durga, attractive lighting and illumination and hight decorative stalls.Of them, the oldest and famous puja venues are of Sector-IX Vaishali Mor, Sector-II, Sector-XII, Banga Bharti and Solgadih, Chas. Lakhs of revelers visit these puja pandals every year for which special traffic and security arrangements are made by the administration.This year the pandal of Vaishali Mor at Sector IX is being built on the theme of Radha-Krishna Temple of Kanpur and is likely to be the most expensive pandal of the city. To be erected at a cost of Rs 8 lakh, over 52 workers from West Bengal are being engaged by the puja committee to give shape to this structure.\"Radha-Krishna Temple of Kanpur is one of the most beautiful structures in the country and we are trying to frame its replica here. The pandal will be 110 feet tall and 140 feet wide. It will be the tallest puja pandal in the city,\" said Jitender Singh, president of the puja committeeAnother pandal in Sector-II will be a replica of Dwarka Temple. Being erected with a budget of over Rs 6 lakh, it is about 105 feet tall and 120 feet wide, said a committee member. Apart from the above two, the puja pandal of Sector-XII/E will be a replica of Laxmi-Narayan Temple in Delhi. This pandal will come up at a cost of around Rs 5 lakh. It will be 40 feet tall and 60 feet wide. All these pandals would also host fairs which always remains a key attraction for visitors. The swings, eateries and the various stalls at these fairs are a special attraction for children.Beside, the Solgadih ground in Chas is going to host Karmkali Temple of Nepal , which is coming up at a cost of more than Rs 2 lakh. The installation of pandal at Banga Bharti, Sector-III, where puja is performed in Bengali tradition, is also on in full swing. Meanwhile, like past years attractive puja pandals are also coming up at Sectors IV-D, E and F. The Sector IV/E puja pandal will display the famous Durgeshwari Temple of Jammu this year. These puja venues will organize cultural events which is a special attraction for the residents here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16693993", "title": "Mumbai\u2019s biggest garba organizer not to host event this year", "text": "MUMBAI: Breaking an 18-year-old tradition, Mumbai's foremost garba organizer, Sankalp, will not host a Navratra event this year. Promoter Devendra Joshi says this is essentially because its star attraction, singer Falguni Pathak, has switched allegiance to another event planner.Falguni has broken ranks with Sankalp to perform with first-time organizers Mangal Entertainment and 3rd Rock Multimedia. The nine-day event will be held at Goregaon Sports Club during October 16-24, her regular venue of each year. Tickets are priced at Rs 650-750 per day and a season pass costs Rs 3,999.This is not the first time the two have parted ways. Falguni had opted to perform for developer Savani's event in Ankleshwar in 2010. Sankalp had gone ahead with its annual extravaganza with reduced glamour quotient. The two made up and joined hands last year, only to split once more.\"It is an extremely painful decision to not organize Navratra and merely watch from the sidelines after 18 years of continuous success. However, it does not make sense to put up a rival garba within the same city as Falguni because patronage will be divided vertically down the middle. Mumbai has the capacity for just one mega event,\" Joshi said.Although it is learnt that the two were unable to come to terms over payment issues, Falguni denies this, saying she had tied up with her new host back in March. \"They approached me last year and the deal was signed before Sankalp could begin negotiations. Of course, I am always anxious at this time of the year, wondering how things will turn out, but I hope for the best,\" she said. Mangal Entertainment and 3rd Rock are said to have signed her on for Rs 1.6 crore.Joshi says the entry of commercial and professional event managers into the Navratra scene is changing the festival landscape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16693173", "title": "Starbucks near temple fuels uproar in China", "text": "BEIJING: American coffeehouse chain Starbucks' outlet that opened near a famed Buddhist temple in the southern Chinese city of Hangzhou last month continues to drawn flak. Netizens in Hangzhou have been protesting the outlet on Chinese Twitterlike site Sina Weibo. State-run media, including the People's Daily, have given wide coverage to the criticism.Starbucks was forced to shut its outlet on Beijing's Forbidden City premises in 2007 after people protested the \"eyesore'' inside the historical monument. The new outlet came up late last month next to the Lingyin Temple.The temple administration has countered the criticism , saying the shop is located at a long distance. \"It is located in the tourist service area outside of the temple as part of the supporting facilities ,\" said official Wang Shan.Beggars caged during temple fairAuthorities had put over 100 beggars in a cage to stop them from disturbing a temple fair in China's Jiangxi province last month, pictures released on Sina Weibo have revealed and provoked outrage across the country. Photographs showed beggars inside the 165-feet-long iron cage during the fair on September 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16694283", "title": "Waste, silt spoiling beauty of ghats", "text": "VARANASI: The trail of waste and silt accumulated by the rising and falling trend of water level in Ganga is proving to be a spoilsport to the rituals of the Pitra Paksha.While officials of Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) are claiming early disposal of silt and mud from the stairs of the ghats, a huge accumulation of silt, aquatic plants and non-biodegradable wastes were found on the steps of almost all the prominent ghats. Besides, conditions are worsening for devotees and pilgrims who are arriving in the city for the purpose of offering the rituals of Sharad and Pind-Dan as they find less space to perform rituals on the banks of the river. Similar conditions were observed at crowded Dashaswamedh ghat, Asi ghat, Kedar ghat, Harishchandra ghat, Marnikarnia ghat, Gai ghat, Panchganga ghat, and Bhaisasur ghat. Conditions were worst on southern ghats.Pitr Paksha started from October 1 and the fortnightly function will culminate followed by beginning of Navratra festivity from October 15. Besides the Pishach Mochan and Pitarkund in the city, the ghats along the Ganga are thronged by devotees to perform rituals and functions associated with the fortnightly event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16693853", "title": "Legal aid centre eases litigations in villages", "text": "HUBLI: JSS Sakri Law College's free legal aid centre on the college premises has been drawing a good response.Initially the staff and students would visit villages in the district as part of their curriculum to create awareness on various legal aspects. Seminars were held for the benefit of villagers and pamphlets distributed to create legal awareness. Understanding law is never easy and as the staff discovered that villagers were only more confused they took the initiative to start the free legal aid centre to deal with matrimonial and property disputes which, they found, was on the rise in the villages.Villagers found this more convenient than taking their personal battles to court. They approach the staff for counseling who try solving their problems at the centre. If they are not happy, then they approach lawyers to fight the case.Ragini Kulkarni (name changed), who wanted her rightful share in the family property chose to approach the centre instead of dragging her brother to court. \"I visited the centre, sought their counsel. They convinced my brother to share the property, thus avoiding a messy legal battle,\" she added.Speaking to TOI, Veena Madhav Tonapi, principal, JSS Sakri Law College, Hubli, said that the centre was started to provide aid and advice to people who do not want to go to court. \"We have people approaching us from Haveri, Gadag, Belgaum and Dharwad districts. Most of the problems are to do with marriage and property disputes in the family. We have 8-10 staff members in the panel to counsel them,\" she says.Nagesh Kukanoor (name changed), was planning to go to court over a land dispute in Kusugal. \"When I went to court, I realized that it would be an expensive affair. I then went to Sakri college centre and got the help I needed on land disputes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692074", "title": "Student from Bihar hangs self in hostel", "text": "CHENNAI: A 22-year-old student from Bihar, Ritesh Kumar, committed suicide by hanging in his hostel room in Puduchathiram near Vellavedu in Tiruvallur district on Wednesday.Kumar's friends told police he had appeared dejected for three days and hadn't turned up for classes as his girlfriend didn't talk to him for the past week.One of the roommates found Kumar's room locked when he returned from college on Wednesday evening. As there was no response from inside, he informed the warden. The hostel authorities alerted police who broke open the door. Kumar was found hanging from the ceiling using a lungi.Police sent the body to Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital for autopsy. His body was handed over to his parents Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16695918", "title": "I never look sloppy, says Gwen Stefani", "text": "Gwen Stefani revealed that she is never dressed down, not even at home, as she wants to look good in front of her husband Gavin Rossdale.The American singer, who is well known for her punk-rock image, makes sure that she never steps out without makeup.\" I'm still a teenager. Never went outside without make-up,\" Contactmusic quoted Stefani as telling Britain's Hello! Magazine.\"Seriously, I never look sloppy, not even at home. I also like it when Gavin says I look cute. Yes , I want him to think I'm hot!\" she said.The 43-year-old admitted that she is dressed up even while sitting at home and watching television although in much less clothing as she is likely in bed.\"When I watch TV, it's almost always in bed. And there I'm very lightly dressed,\" the mother of two said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692334", "title": "PMPML 'Pravasi Din' to be held today", "text": "PUNE: The PMPML Pravasi Din programme, a forum for the redressal of the complaints of bus commuters will be held between 3 and 5 pm on Saturday. PMPML holds Pravasi Din on the first Saturday of every month. It will be held at all 10 PMPML bus depots in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. Earlier, PMPML had announced that the programme would be held between 10 am and noon. However, following requests made by commuters groups, the timings have been changed. The PMP Pravasi Manch said that bus commuters should make the most of the programme to facilitate improvement of bus services. Jugal Rathi of the manch said that PMPML is the only public transport for over 60 lakh commuters of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. However, the quality and reliability of bus service is far below expectations of the citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16691771", "title": "Youth injured in acid attack", "text": "BHOPAL: A youth sustained burn injuries on face after an unidentified person threw acid on him in Dawa Bazar at Hamidia Road in the city on Friday evening.The police said Atif Bilal, 21, was in his optical shop when someone threw acid on his face and escaped. He sustained burn injuries on the face including eyes.He was later rushed to Hamidia Hospital where he is being treated in the burn ward.The motive behind the attack and the identity of the person responsible for the act is yet to be established, the police added. Bilal is a final year student and resides in Jehangirabad area of the old city.Investigations are on till the filing of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16694015", "title": "Chief secretary asks officials to Invite suggestions for food processing policy", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary (officiating) Alok Ranjan said that before giving final shape to the format of Uttar Pradesh Food Processing Industrial Policy-2012, final shape to the policy should be given after obtaining suggestions from the concerning departments. He was giving directives to the officials who presented the format of the food processing industrial policy on Friday.He said that for providing maximum facilities to the entrepreneurs, the facility of single window for e-governance through Udyog Bandhu be provided to them, so that they are not forced to run from one office to another for getting their problems solved.More infrastructure facilities be provided to entrepreneurs for creating better industrial ambience in the state. He also directed the officials to make available investment facility to the entrepreneurs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691263", "title": "General body set to be a stormy affair", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) general body meeting is all set to be a stormy affair as many controversial issues are expected to come up. The short supply and contamination of water supply, along with non-compliance of Starbus enquiry report are to come up for discussion. Besides, the Congress is bound to corner the BJP-led ruling party over the controversy regarding chairperson of hospital committee Dr Safalta Ambatkar.Mayor Anil Sole has convened the general body on Saturday after a busy time for corporators during the Ganeshotsav. The general body had last time passed strictures on executive engineer of water works department Shashikant Hastak and directed enquiry into allegations levelled by leader of opposition Vikas Thakre regarding officials of private water operator Orange City Water Private Limited (OCWL).Sources told TOI that corporators from ruling and opposition benches may again target Hastak over various issues related to water supply. \"Hastak's proposed tour to France at the cost of Veolia Water (India) Private Limited, JV partner in OCWL, may come up. Besides, officials of Veolia brought a team of journalists from France to visit Nagpur's water works without intimation or permission from municipal commissioner, mayor or OCWL. There are also reports about Veolia's financial crisis in its hometown and other countries,\" the sources said.NMC has also not initiated any action after the enquiry report from the Central government's team on the Starbus service. This may also be discussed.Meanwhile, the Ambatkar issue is the latest weapon for the opposition. Dr Yashwant Ambatkar, husband of Safalta, has been recently accused of demanding bribes from some doctors. Ambatkar has accused BJP leaders of making false accusations against him. The issue may be raised as Safalta is a corporator from ruling party and also holds crucial post in NMC as chairperson of hospital committee.The general body had given Safalta the responsibility to conduct an enquiry into allegations related to hospitals in a meeting last month. The issue of enquiry report may also be raised in the meeting. There are chances of someone from the ruling party raising the issue for action against Safalta, say sources.Meanwhile, the suspense on NIT trustee may also come to an end. The BJP has kept the proposal pending since long due to infighting between leaders for the post.Adding to the list, plumbers working with the water works department staged an agitation on Friday to get their demands accepted and decided to stage a demonstration in front of Town Hall, Mahal, on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693909", "title": "Girls urge MSY intervention to save them from eve-teasers", "text": "LUCKNOW: A group of class 10 students from SBD Inter College in Mainpuri met Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav at his Saifai residence on Friday seeking protection from eve-teasers. They told the SP supremo how their family members were assaulted by eve-teasers when they raised objection over their indecent behaviour in public, while the police refused to intervene.Mulayam gave a patient hearing to the girls but took a serious note of the menace. He directed the Mainpuri police to initiate stringent action against the accused. But this is not an isolated case of eve-teasing reported from the state. The state has a dubious history of crime against women. The situation is worse in terms of cases of rape and sexual assault. As many as 6 cases of rape and 9 molestation cases were reported every day all through 2011. This year, the situation appears to have worsened.Sample this: On October 1, IAS officer Shashi Bhushan Lal Sushil was arrested in Lucknow for attempt on board Lucknow mail. On October 2, three women PCS officers from Bulandshahr lodged a complaint with the chief minister's office accusing their immediate boss - chief development officer (CDO) Bulandshahr of sexual harassment. On October 3, Noida police arrested Manish Pandey - the chief executive officer (CEO) of an IT company for raping his executive. On October 4, police registered a case of rape attempt against ADO on the complaint of an Asha worker. On October 5, an engineering student from Delhi onboard Sealdah - Rajdhani Express lodged a complaint with the Mughalsarai railway police accusing an attendant of the pantry car of sexual harassment.On September 27, determined to confront the eve-teasers themselves, a group of girls from another inter college in Jaunpur pounced upon two armed youths who made vulgar remarks at them while they were returning home from school. The girls snatched away the single barrel gun which the goons were carrying, when the incident took place and handed over the weapon to the police.These are some of those incidents which had made headlines this week. One can easily imagine the state of affairs with senior police officials themselves admitting that only 30% to 40% of such cases are reported to the police while the remaining go unreported for a number of reasons starting from the hesitation of the public from seeking police help.Despite such a state of affairs, the UP Police is yet to make any concrete efforts to curb the menace. Harassed students approaching the SP supremo for help, explains this sufficiently. Though the state police chief had recently directed the district police chiefs to constitute a cell and handle complaints related to unwanted obscene calls that women cell phone users have to face, there is a need for some serious initiatives to rescue the women from the menace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16691941", "title": "Encroachments from Ring Road removed", "text": "INDORE: A joint team of district administration, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) and Indore Development Authority (IDA) on Friday removed more than hundred encroachments from green belt of Ring Road of the city between Radisson Crossing and Piplihana.Apart from a private garden, cement concrete shop and dozens of road side shops were removed.SDM Vivek Shotriya said that they removed more than hundred encroachments from the green belt of Ring Road. They also came across a private garden being developed on green belt which was already overtaken by the administration. The lock put up on gate was removed. Appropriate action would be taken against the guilty, he added.The Ring Road had provisions for green belt, so that plantation, landscape and small gardens can be developed on it to compensate for the cutting of trees. But the department concerned failed to develop the green belt and it was gradually encroached for parking, shops, huts and other purposes.Noose has also been tightened around the illegal colonies and they have been served with notices. On Thursday, nearly 60 houses were demolished in four colonies in Sirpur area developed over 20 acres of land.SDM Vivek Shotriya said that recently they had released a list of 133 illegal colonies and so far they have taken action against 10 illegal colonies. During the drive, it was found that some houses in illegal colonies even had electricity connection.As per the government notification, illegal colonies cannot be given facility by any department of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16691966", "title": "Dapodi residents complain of contaminated water supply", "text": "PUNE: Residents of some areas in Dapodi have been facing problems of water logging and contaminated water supply for the last four days. Areas that have been affected include SMS colony, Pawar Vasti and Phulenagar. The problem has been caused following the heavy rains.Local NCP corporator Rama Ovhal said, \"Due to the heavy rains, the drainage lines in the civic ward (No 61, Hutatma Bhagat Singh school, Dapodi) have choked up in some areas. Around 300 families have been affected,\" she said.Ovhal said the water pipelines in the area are very old due to which drainage water gets mixed with drinking water pipelines. Samples of contaminated water were shown to civic officials of the Kasarwadi-Dapodi zonal office, she said.Rajendra Pathak, a resident of Kate chawl, said, \"Local residents are getting contaminated water for the past five to six days. The water supplied through the water pipeline to us has a foul smell which shows that it is contaminated with drainage water.\"Shahu Waghmare, a resident of SMS colony, said, \"We are getting contaminated water for the past 10 to 15 days. We have to bring water for daily use from other areas.\"Another resident, Lata Waghmare, added: \"People face difficulty while going in and out of their house due to waterlogging. Many have fallen ill after consuming contaminated water.\"Vasant Salvi, executive engineer, drainage department, PCMC, said, \"We conducted an inspection of the drainage pipelines in Dapodi. The water pipelines pass few feet above the drainage pipeline in these areas. We have told the water supply department to shift one water pipeline.\"Sharad Jadhav, executive engineer, water supply department, said, \"The water pipelines are old in these areas. Some people have also taken unauthorized water connections from the water pipeline due to which the pipeline has been punctured. We are supplying water through two water tankers daily to the local residents. A washout of one water pipeline has been conducted and water supply will resume tomorrow. The second water pipeline needs to be shifted. This shifting will be completed in three days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692336", "title": "'Battered baby's mom hadn't imagined she would kill her'", "text": "MUMBAI: Dharmishta Joshi, who has been accused of killing her three-month-old daughter, Aahuti, was grilled for over six hours at the Borivali police station on Thursday, before she admitted to the offence. Dharmishta told the cops that Aahuti had been crying incessantly and she couldn't take it anymore. In a fit of rage, she crushed the child's head while Aahuti was nuzzling up to her on September 23. Later she also crushed the infant's body, fracturing her ribs and spine.\"Dharmishta hadn't imagined that her actions would snuff out her child's life. She is regretting it now and says she hasn't had a proper meal since Aahuti's death. Thrice, she felt dizzy during the interrogation on Thursday and her blood pressure also dropped,\" a senior police official revealed.Aahuti had succumbed to her injuries at the KEM Hospital on October 1 after being admitted there for nearly a week. Post-mortem reports confirmed that her injuries were non-accidental following which the Borivali police lodged an FIR against her parents on Wednesday. \"Dharmishta had accidentally dropped the baby while feeding her on September 21. Her husband, Kalpesh, had warned her that if she was unable to take care of Aahuti and their 18-months-old daughter, Devhuti, simultaneously, then arrangements could be made to send the older child to their hometown in Gujarat. Dharmishta did not want this to happen. Scared of being reprimanded by Kalpesh, she did not disclose to him about having crushed Aahuti while he was away watching Ganpati immersion on September 23,\" senior inspector Bhagwan Chate said.The police had to break the news to Kalpesh about his wife's involvement in their child's death. But they haven't given Kalpesh a clean chit yet.On Friday, a metropolitan court at Borivali remanded Dharmishta to police custody till October 12. Her lawyer, Jagdish Hande, argued that police custody wasn't required as the post-mortem report was already in the police's possession and they could probe the case further without her custodial interrogation. The prosecutor told the court that the police wanted to analyze the entire sequence of events leading to the baby's death which would require Dharmishta's interrogation. The police also stated that they intend to check if more people are involved in the murder.Dharmishta is likely to be sent for psychological profiling. The police are also trying to find out if she used any implements to batter her child. \"We took the opinion of orthopaedics after recording her statement. The post-mortem report mentioned that Aahuti's left ribs were fractured and Dharmishta's statement matched it when she said that she had crushed the left side of the baby's body,\" an official said.The police will also try to find out how the cause of death of Aahuti's twin, who succumbed 12 days after her birth. \"We will speak to doctors at Shivani medical centre where Aahuti's twin was taken by her parents. We will also have a discussion with doctors at Wadia Hospital where Dharmishta was asked to undergo a Cesarean-section for the delivery of her twins,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16692310", "title": "\u2018Doctors often ask for needless tests\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Here's a warning from a medical expert you won't get too often: Do not follow your doctor's prescriptions blindly and question whether you really need to undergo the diagnostic tests he or she asks for.\"On many occasions, doctors ask for tests that are unnecessary. Similarly, there are drugs that have become outdated or whose efficacy isn't proven. But doctors keep prescribing them. Unless there are standard guidelines on treatment of certain illnesses, such misuse will keep happening,\" said Dr Kameshwar Prasad, head of the clinical epidemiology unit at AIIMS.With the number of cases involving unwarranted prescriptions of surgical procedures, diagnostic tests and medication increasing, Dr Prasad said patients must ask their doctor about the pros and cons of the treatment offered before making a decision.To create awareness on the issue, AIIMS will hold an international meet \u2014 the first of its kind in the world \u2014 where experts will discuss how standard guidelines can be evolved for treating diseases.Dr Prasad said unnecessary diagnostic tests and surgical procedures not just put additional financial burden but also affect the patient's recovery. \"We are also proposing that evidence-based treatment methodologies should be emphasized in medical schools,\" he said.AIIMS's neurology department recently screened prescriptions of 250 brain stroke patients referred from different hospitals.Many drugs, operations prescribed without needDoctors at AIIMS who recently screened prescriptions of 250 brain stroke patients referred from different hospitals said they found more than 48% of them were prescribed a particular drug which is not approved. \"Either the doctor did not know about it or he used it despite knowing that it's not effective for the condition. In both cases, the patient had to suffer,\" the senior neurologist said.Experts said among the most misused procedures were hysterectomy (uterus removal), caesarean section and angioplasty for artery blockage. Among drugs, the most commonly misused were vitamins, steroids and antioxidants. According to Dr Paul Glaszious, former director of Oxford University's Centre for Evidence-based Medicine, MRI and CT scan are also being overused. \"Vertebroplasty - a spinal procedure where bone cement is injected into fractured vertebra - has proved to be ineffective in many studies. Still, it is being used as a treatment method in patients complaining of backache,\" he said.In the case of angioplasties, experts said patients were most often not given time to decide whether they need to go for the procedure or not. For every patient with a blocked artery, there are three lines of treatment open - drug treatment, angioplasty and surgery.A recent study in US showed that only 36% of patients who had undergone non-emergency angioplasty to clear a clogged artery actually met the criteria for the procedure. In 50% of the cases, there was not enough evidence to show angioplasty would help and in 14%, the procedure was definitely not required. The study was published recently in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology.In the study, researchers gathered data from more than 24,000 angioplasty patients at 58 hospitals in New York State between 2009 and 2010, and measured how well the physicians stuck to the angioplasty guidelines advised by the American Heart Association and the American College of Cardiology.Said Dr Ashok Seth, chairman, cardiovascular sciences division at the Fortis Escorts Heart Institute, \"Emergency procedures are not required in most cases, except for conditions such as heart attacks and unstable angina (chest pain) where a patient has to undergo stenting or surgery within 12 hours. In my view, anybody who can walk 500 metres without chest pain or exertion can wait. Patients must think over seriously and weigh the benefits of medicine versus surgery versus angioplasty before saying yes to any one treatment.\"\"Every hospital should conduct an audit of various procedures carried out, say in a month. This would give us much-needed data about how prevalent each procedure is, and whether it is being misused,\" Dr Prasad said. He also urged patients to question their doctors constantly on their line of treatment and the tests prescribed by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "16693192", "title": "Pak police, Hindus spar over migration", "text": "KARACHI: Representatives of the police and the Hindu community on Friday had a heated debate over the issues of forced migration of minorities from Pakistan and their persecution. During a meeting of the National Assembly's Standing Committee on Human Rights, the police and the Hindu community representatives submitted different views.Member of National Assembly (MNA) Riaz Fatyana, who presided over the meeting, noted that both parties were giving contradictory statements. Additional inspector-general Falak Khursheed said, \"Pakistan is a country where every citizen reserves the right to live his life the way he wants. Minorities especially Hindus girls are never pressurized to accept Islam.\" He said that only three families had migrated to India while 200-300 other people had gone for a pilgrimage this year.On the other hand, minority MNA Dr raish Kumar from Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa said that the AIG was presenting wrong figures. He said that around 12 cases of forced conversions were reported in Tando Allahyar in past one month, while 7,000 Hindus had migrated to India in past three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681244", "title": "Will Number 13 prove lucky for Juhi Chawla?", "text": "While most consider number 13 as unlucky, Juhi Chawla is looking forward to the date for multiple reasons.The evergreen actress will be seen playing a beautiful Punjabi kudi in Ajay Devgn's forthcoming Diwali release ' Son of Sardaar '. After a gap of nearly 13 years, she will be seen sharing screen space with Sanjay Dutt. The duo was earlier seen in the film 'Safari' which was released in the year 1999.And it's just not this, 'SOS' which is slated for release on 13th November this Diwali, the day also co-incidentally happens to be the actress's birthday, definitely calling for double celebrations!\"Juhi is very excited for the film especially as she is acting opposite Sanjay Dutt after a very long span of time. 'SOS' is a complete entertainer and is full of dhamaal and masti. She is very overjoyed with the fact that 'SOS' is releasing on her birthday and she just cannot wait for the day to come,\" says a source close to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16693835", "title": "Garbage galore dumped in reserve forests at Sattari", "text": "KERI: Reserve forest areas in Sattari are bearing the brunt of the absence of a garbage disposal plant in the Valpoi municipality and industrial estates at Pissurlem and Honda. Businessmen and factory owners have been dumping waste in the reserve forest as well as inside the revenue land with forest cover.The panchayat has attempted to establish a disposal plant in Honda. When contacted by TOI, the range forest officer of the Valpoi range, Muhmad Aga, said, \"I am aware of the incidents of garbage dumping. Our staff has been instructed to nab culprits. If any company or individual is found dumping garbage in the forested areas, stringent action will be taken.\"The deputy conservator of forests, Ponda division, G T Kumar, has already informed businessmen and officials concerned of the companies in the industrial estate not to dump garbage in the forested areas.Narayan Gawas, a volunteer of Vivekanand Environment Awareness Brigade, Keri, said, \"On either sides of the road going from Redeghati to Nanus, non-biodegrable garbage in the form of thermocol, plastic, rubber are dumped in large quantities late at night. Not only soil and water bodies get affected by this garbage, but also cattle and wild animals becomes victim of it.\"Valpoi municipality's chairman Umesh Gulelkar said, \"The municipality has already initiated the work of garbage disposal plant and as soon as plant starts functioning, the problem of municipal areas will be solved.\"\"Redeghati is a part of the reserve forest notified by the Goa government and dumping of garbage there is unlawful. It is painful to note that some areas are degraded due to littering of plastic and rubber,\" said Chandrakant Shinde, an environment activist from Sattari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16692660", "title": "3 motorcycle thieves held", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police have arrested three youths including a third year BCA student of a private college and have booked them for committing multiple motorcycle thefts from various parts of the city. Police claim the trio had been operating in the city for the past two months until they were intercepted late on Thursday night on Thadagam road where a police team was deployed to conduct a vehicle check. The trio had reportedly stolen seven motorcycles and were planning to dismantle and sell it in second hand auto spare shops in Ukkadam and nearby areas in the city.\"They were on a two-wheeler and attempted to escape but we managed to nab them.They did not have valid documents for the vehicle which was also stolen from the city,\" said PN Rajan, Inspector Crime, Saibaba Colony police station.According to police S Karthick (20), a third year BCA student of a private college and a resident of Perur Chettipalayam, M Ram Ratheesh (21), from Vinayakapuram and A Riyaz (21) from Selvapuram were arrested late on Thursday night. Both Ram Ratheesh and A Riyaz were contract workers at a BPO centre in Saravanampatti and their job was to accompany the late night staff returning home in the office vehicle.\"All three of them were first time offenders and they claimed they were planning to sell the motorcycles. We recovered all seven bikes from the residence of Riyaz's relative,\" Rajan added.As per the initial police version, the accused have been stealing motorcycles from DB Road in RS Puram, Vadavalli bus stand, and around GCT college since August 2012. The police are trying to verify whether they had any links with other motorcycle thieving gangs and dealers involved in the sale of stolen two wheeler auto components. They were produced before a magistrate and remanded in Coimbatore central Prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692257", "title": "Modi TV channel goes blank on Day 2", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Has Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's biggest media blitzkrieg fizzled out before a proper take off? A day after the launch, the NaMo Gujarat channel, which aired Modi's speeches live on Thursday, went blank. The channel derives its name from the commonly-used initials of the CM.The Election Commission had called a meeting of broadcasters and directed them to follow guidelines on paid news. The officials also told broadcasters to stop telecast on networks without proper clearances. EC officials refused to comment on representations by Congress leaders to probe the funding of the channel, meant to strengthen Modi's propaganda machinery ahead of the crucial assembly polls in December.\"We have requested EC to investigate who is the financer. The name suggests this is Modi's venture. We need to know if he himself is funding it,\" said Gujarat Congress president Arjun Modhwadia.Congress leaders say if Modi is involved, the expenses should be added to his election expenditure. \"If EC guidelines are being enforced in case of paid news, how can such expenditure go unnoticed even if Modi himself is not funding it,\" Modhwadia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16694004", "title": "Film City shoot halts for 3 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: Shooting at Film City Studio at Goregaon was stopped for three hours following a scuffle between cine workers and locals on Friday morning.The workers claimed the police arrested them for no fault of theirs. They said the locals stole electric wires following which the police were summoned.Federation of Western India Cine Employees general secretary Dinesh Chaturvedi told TOI that the police even addressed them as \"Bhaiyyas from UP and Bihar\". \"They said we were taking away the jobs of the locals. All our workers are cardholders. How can they call them outsiders or even allege theft?'' he asked.Actor Amitabh Bachchan's shooting for Kaun Banega Crorepati (KBC) was also stopped for a while. \"We asked our members to stop shooting after the police held our members working on the TV serial Savitri without a justified reason.''Chaturvedi said assistant commissioner of police Rajendra Kotak later apologized for his personnel's remarks. The police said the locals were upset that they were called thieves and this triggered an argument. The police after recording the workers' statements released them. \"A case of theft of electrical wires was lodged by the police. No arrests have been made so far. We are questioning the local youngsters and are looking for their associates who had fled from the sets,\" said senior inspector Uttam More.The film workers' union has written to Film City Studio demanding security for their workers. Prem Singh of the union said, \"If our men are not given protection we will boycott the studio.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16693819", "title": "CM strengthens hands by making Francis deputy", "text": "PANAJI: Appointing revenue minister Francis D'Souza as deputy chief minister of Goa may not have come as a surprise to ruling party members. But the timing of the decision-seven months after the BJP government came to power-has led to various theories being discussed in political circles.Sources in the ruling party disclosed that when the new government took charge of office in early March this year after a clear mandate for the Manohar Parrikar-led BJP, reports of giving deputy chief ministership to D'Souza were doing the rounds. The sources also say that national party president Nitin Gadkari had agreed to give the position to the Mapusa MLA in reciprocation of the strong support the BJP received from the Catholic community in the assembly election.As commitments had to be kept with the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP)-the only pre-poll alliance partner of the BJP-the decision on deputy chief ministership was deferred. Walking a tight rope and keeping the political stability of the government in mind, Parrikar had inducted the Dhavalikar brothers into the cabinet, giving the PWD portfolio to Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar despite opposition from some quarters in the BJP.Some in the party feel that the announcement is aimed at countering reports of some disgruntlement in the ruling coalition.One of the factors is that the chief minister is considering a cabinet reshuffle sooner than later, which essentially involves giving a third portfolio to many of the ministers. Presently, most ministers have only two portfolios as against the three senior ministers who each have three portfolios.Parrikar himself has nearly a dozen portfolios, making it difficult for him to make time for each of them.Also, the chief minister has given his junior ministers time to acclimatize themselves with the functioning of their ministries since they did not have enough administrative experience.The chief minister in his usual style stated that he was just waiting for a good opportunity to announce the decision of appointing the revenue minister as deputy chief minister. He has also agreed that the post doesn't exist in the constitution and this is what has perplexed many as to what has prompted him to do so. But the timing is still a matter of discussion.Some analysts say that it is difficult to fathom what was in the chief minister's mind when he made this announcement. Parrikar seems to have taken into account several factors before taking the decision.The chief minister has been under pressure ever since the Shah commission report on illegal mining was tabled in Parliament, squarely blaming the earlier Congress governments. On one side, he has had to take tough decisions, and on the other he has had to face the wrath of the mining lobby and workers. The mining sector accounts for large employment, both direct and indirect, in Goa, and is the backbone of the economy. There is disgruntlement in the party over the mining issue and over the weak financial situation of the state treasury.Probably, the chief minister may not share his responsibilities with his number two, but may be it will allow him to give some comfort to D'Souza. Parrikar may want D'Souza also talking on the same lines in the party fora on various contentious issues, so that he can carry through his policies and decisions. This will also help in bridging the differences the may have had in the recent past on administrative issues.State BJP president and health minister Laxmikant Parsekar said there's nothing political in the decision. \"The deputy chief minister's post for D'Souza is a natural process,\" he said adding that the chief minister was waiting for a good opportunity to declare it.Talking to TOI, Parsekar said D'Souza is the No 2 in the cabinet from the day the government was formed in March this year. \"No one has been superseded and no seniority has been bypassed,\" he stated.He said even when the BJP was in the opposition, Manohar Parrikar was the opposition leader and D'Souza was deputy chief of the legislature party. \"This continues even now,\" he added.D'Souza is a representative of the Catholic community and he was the first Catholic MLA of the party in Goa, Parsekar stated. To a question, he said that the party was not trying to appease any community. D'Souza has been an MLA from 1999 and joined the BJP in 2000.Members of the Catholic community welcomed the decision, Juino de Souza, president of GCWU said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16693033", "title": "Ludhiana grapples with travel frauds", "text": "LUDHIANA: There has been an increase in the number of immigration frauds reported in the city. On Thursday, a case was registered at Shimlapuri police station on a complaint made by Amarjeet Singh, who belongs to Shimlapuri area.The man alleged that Baba Gurbaaz Singh, an immigration agent who lives at Narangwal village in Jalandhar, had duped him of Rs 11.50 lakh on pretext of sending him to US. The complainant said he had handed over the money to the agent in April, however, he never got the visa and the money was not returned.And on October 2, a similar case was registered at Model Town police station. Complainant Nahar Singh of Shimlapuri told police that he gave Rs 2 lakh to Jaswinder Singh of Preet Nagar for sending his son Gurpreet Singh to Canada, but this never happened.The anti human trafficking cell had booked owner of a Delhi-based immigration company, Naresh Kumar, for committing a Rs 1.23-crore fraud with a number of innocents across the state. A case was registered after an inquiry by In charge of the anti human trafficking cell sub-inspector Shamsher Singh. Naresh Kumar had set up an office at Mall Road which constituted some female employees as well. Inquiry found that the company tricked more than 100 persons from various districts in Punjab. The police became aware when a youth had complained against the company.When contacted, sub-inspector Shamsher Singh said: \"We received more than 30 complaints in two months. Immigration agents establish their offices at posh locations in the city and some run businesses from their homes. We have identified some businesses being operated from prominent buildings. Most of the times, owners rent out their property without verifying records of the tenants.\"Shamsher Singh said youngsters who are not well-educated become easy targets. \"The immigration companies publish colorful advertisements to attract customers. It is important for publication firms to crosscheck details provided by the immigration firms and owners before printing the advertisements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16692073", "title": "Two vehicle lifters held", "text": "GURGAON: Two youths, who were plotting to rob vehicles on the Faridabad road, were arrested by the CIA-I of Sector 46 police on Wednesday night. Two stolen bikes, a countrymade pistols and a knife were recovered from the accused, who were sent in judicial custody by a city court. According to police, sector 46 CIA team reached the spot after getting a tip-off that these two persons were planning to loot from motorists near the hilly area on the Faridabad road and arrested them. A senior police officer said that the accused were identified as Raju, resident of Jatauli village in Pataudi police station area, and Bablu alias Dilawar, resident of Sheetla Colony, Gurgaon. During the interrogation, Bablu revealed to police that he was also a proclaimed offender. He was in jail on charges of attempt to murder and robbery. He did not return to prison after going out on parole, said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16692006", "title": "SC halts mining operations in Goa", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday put an interim ban on all iron ore and manganese mining in Goa after a PIL citing the Justice Shah Commission report alleged that illegal mining activity in the state had cost the exchequer Rs 35,000 crore.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam, K S Radhakrishnan and Swatanter Kumar took note of the Justice M B Shah Commission report and asked the apex court's environment committee \u2014 Central Empowered Committee (CEC) \u2014 to submit a preliminary report in four weeks after examining the illegalities alleged by petitioner Goa Foundation and the lacunae found by the commission.On the request of amicus curiae A D N Rao, the bench also ordered a complete ban on transportation of mined mineral \u2014 whether lying at the site or in storage heads \u2014 within Goa to stop the illegally mined material from being taken out of the state.Appearing for the PIL petitioner, advocate Prashant Bhushan said though the state had suspended all mining operations after the Shah Commission indicted the previous Digambar Kamat regime for brazen illegalities in iron ore and manganese mining, chief minister Manohar Parrikar had promised resumption of mining activities after November. He sought a total ban on mining activities till a thorough investigation was carried out.The court issued notice to the Centre, Goa government, state pollution control board and ministry of environment and forests after the petitioner alleged that illegal mining was going on in an overwhelming majority of the mines.It requested the court to terminate all mine leases where mining was carried on in violation of Forest Conservation Act and environmental laws.It said the government must recover the entire money, which was generated by lease holders through illegal mining, and order the offenders to re-vegetate the area and restore the ecological balance in the state.The Shah Commission report, tabled in Parliament on September 7, had indicted former chief minister Digambar Kamat, who was mines minister for 12 years, for indirectly abetting illegal mining in the state. The commission had quantified the loss to the state exchequer through illegal mining at around Rs 35,000 crore.The report pointed out that Goa followed the \"single file system\" wherein a file initiated in the mines director's office got final approval from the minister concerned, including the chief minister, after passing through the mines secretary's hands.\"It is amply clear that the minister of mines and chief minister were well aware about non-compliance of conditions and other illegalities/irregularities happening in the mining sector,\" the commission had said in its report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691715", "title": "Nephew held for murder of senior citizen", "text": "MUMBAI: The VP Road police have arrested the 41-year-old nephew of a 75-year-old woman who was smothered to death recently. Dombivli resident Mayuresh Redkar has been booked for the murder of Sarla Vasudevan. Redkar confessed to the murder during interrogation.Cops said Redkar was unable to repay his loans and planned to rob and kill his maternal aunt, Sarla. Redkar had borrowed some money three years ago to start a business but was unsuccessful. He later began working in a private firm in Mahim.Vasudevan's body was found in her house on September 29.Initially, cops registered a case of accidental death as there were no external injuries on the body. However, the post-mortem report stated that she had been smothered. Vasudevan's gold chain and bangles were also missing.Vasudevan , who had divorced her husband since several decades, had no children and used to live alone. She had retired around 15 years back from her job as a clerk.On September 29, around 11:45 pm Redkar reached Vasudevan's house inebriated. He then consumed more alcohol in front of his aunt following which he got into an argument over monetary issue. Without any provocation, he pushed her to the wall and strangulated her as soon as she fell on the floor. Later he fled leaving Vasudevan's body behind. He broke down during the interrogation and was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16691149", "title": "Dacoits loot copper wire", "text": "AMRAVATI: Dacoits looted copper wire worth Rs10.78 lakh from Prajakta Industries in MIDC on Thursday.According sources, the dacoits placed a knife on the neck of the guard, Narayan Thavkar, and took the keys from him. They then entered the factory, belonging to Satish Verma, and took away nearly one quintal of old and eleven quintal of new copper wires. They then fled in a four-wheeler.After the looters left the guard called the police. A complaint has been registered and police are investigating the matter further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16692713", "title": "Farmers keep their fingers crossed over paddy harvest", "text": "MANDYA: Lingaraju and Parvathi, a dalit couple from remote Chikkabyadarhalli village in the district downstream of river Cauvery, are living on a hope and prayer. Their immediate worry is to transplant the paddy seedlings before sunset to utilize the water released from the KRS dam.They took 30 guntas of land on lease from a landlord and decided to cultivate paddy with an intention to reap some benefits which can take care of their daughter's education. \"We have to pay 5.5 quintals of paddy to the land owner and the remaining yield should take care of our food needs and the expenditure of my daughter's education (she is a PU student),'' Parvathi said. She is hoping that the authorities will release water to their field till this paddy crop is harvested.Parvathi's case is a clear reflection of the mood among the farmers in the Cauvery belt. The standing paddy crop in Mandya district needs water till mid-January. While some farmers have already transplanted paddy, the others are involved in transplanting activities hoping that the authorities will take care of their water needs. Even Annegowda, a fairly big farmer from the village with 2.5 acres of irrigated land, is against TN\"s demand at this juncture. \"Governments should understand that when we have a glass of water, we can share half of it. If we don't have even half glass of water, how we can share with others,\" he added.Agricultural experts say that the standing paddy crop in the Cauvery delta needs water at least till mid-January. \"Any justification on this score at this juncture looks prejudiced. We are distributing pamphlets in the villages asking farmers to shun fresh paddy cultivation, but farmers want to cultivate it,'' said Sangaiah, Joint director of agriculture, Mandya.``Not only the new paddy crop, even the already cultivated crop will yield less if the water release is reduced. It would be difficult to save the crop with no rain in the Cauvery catchment area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693906", "title": "Akhilesh to visit US in January to attract investment for state", "text": "LUCKNOW: Opening the doors for greater cooperation between the United States of America and Uttar Pradesh, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday said that he would visit the US in January next year to promote UP.Following the chief minister's visit to attract industry into the state, the US India Business Council (USIBC), a delegation of which met the CM on Friday, also said it would facilitate a \"full size\" US business delegation visit to UP in March 2013.A delegation of US India Business Council - representative of the top 400 companies in USA - led by chairman Ajay Banga and president Ron Somers met Akhilesh and senior UP government functionaries on Friday and evinced interest by US companies to invest in UP. Speaking to TOI, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, AK Gupta, said, \"The delegation expressed special interest in infrastructure, power, roads, education and ancillary industries sectors. They were here to explore the possibilities of investing in UP.\" Though the delegation also discussed the merits and demerits of the controversial foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail, no official representation was made on the subject.Speaking to the USIBC representatives, Akhilesh said the Samajwadi Party government had taken many measures in the areas of industrial and infrastructure development. During the meeting, senior officers of the state government discussed and deliberated on the new industrial and infrastructural policy of the state government and other similar facilities with the visiting delegation.Arriving at a consensus to attract maximum investment from US companies into UP, president of USIBC, Somers, who was impressed by the public-private partnership projects undertaken by the state government for building expressways, airports and other sectors also enquired if US companies would be eligible to bid for these projects. He said that he was impressed by the bold initiatives of UP government to develop infrastructure and fresh policy interventions. Gupta told Somers that since developers needed to have working experience in India, US companies could participate in the PPP projects by forming a Special Purpose Vehicle with Indian developers.Among other subjects taken up by the US delegation, Somers said the Indian 'Liability Bill' would be a productive step towards sealing the Indo-US nuclear deal. Somers also said once implemented, Indian states could then procure power from nuclear power plants irrespective of their location within India. The presidentSomers also enquired about the government's interest in investing in power projects; to which officiating chief secretary Alok Ranjan explained that the state's equity is in the form of land only.Responding to the state's steps to promote IT industry, both Banga and Somers said the defence offset policy of the Government of India would allow an investment of US$ 3 billion by American companies in the field of defence and security. Somers also advised the state government to coordinate with the Centre to facilitate investment in civil aviation, IT-based police and security modernisation and for technology upgradation. Banga, said, \"Given the fresh efforts of state government to promote enterprises and industrial development, USIBC will work hard to convince the US business community to invest in Uttar Pradesh and we will try to facilitate a full-size US business delegation visit to the state in March 2013.\"The US delegation was also shown a detailed presentation on the socio-economic, industrial and proposed infrastructure projects by joint executive director, Udyog Bandhu and special secretary, infrastructure development, Kaushal Raj Sharma. Applauding the state's efforts to improve the trade and business environment, Somers said he hoped faster reforms and transparent processes were implemented to excite and attract US companies to the country and state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16691116", "title": "Mindset needs to change for toilet use: Jairam Ramesh", "text": "Lack of sanitation is a huge problem in India. India loses approximately 6.4% of the GDP in health costs, productivity losses and reduced tourism revenue due to inadequate sanitation and poor hygiene. Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh was in Sewagram in Wardha on Friday to launch the maiden 'Nirmal Bharat Yatra' (The Great Wash Yatra) to address sanitation crisis in India. This is the same town from where Mahatma Gandhi launched 'Quit India' movement. In a chat with TOI, Ramesh equated the Nirmal Bharat Yatra to make India 'open defecation free' with India's freedom struggle.Excerpts:What is the 'Nirmal Bharat Yatra' about?The yatra is a mega campaign on sanitation and hygiene in India. It is an initiative supported by the Government of India's Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (NBA) and Eawag, a Swiss research agency. The yatra will visit various rural locations in India and will travel to five states where sanitation is vital. It will pass through six towns - Indore, Kota, Gwalior, Gorakhpur, Bettiah and villages on its way, and aim to reach around 90 million people.Maharashtra spent Rs450 crore since 1997 towards 17 lakh toilets but over 40% of these lie unused? Is water an issue?I agree. The situation in the state is still better compared to others. Of the 28,500 gram panchayats (GPs) in Maharashtra, one-third ie 9,500 are nirmal gram panchayats. This year we expect 4,000 more GPs to be added. GPs marked for 'Nirmal Gram' will be prioritized for water under the National Rural Drinking Water Programme.Defecating in the open has become a custom in villages. How do you change this?Change will come with awareness. People should understand that to construct toilets and to use them are two different things. I'm just a link. Villagers will have to change their mindset to put these toilets to use. It is also a question of pride of our women and girls who defecate in the open. A woman from Betul in MP, Anita Nare, refused to stay with her in-laws as there was no toilet. In Haryana, villagers are already propagating 'shauchalaya nahi to dulhan nahi' (no toilets, no brides).What are you doing to promote Nirmal Grams?This is the basic aim of the yatra. Now onwards, we will be very strict on identifying Nirmal Grams as it has been found that even Nirmal Grams have slid back and people there defecate in the open. It is true there is no monitoring of such villages. We will rope in 8.40 lakh 'Asha' sisters of charity, 25 lakh anganwadi workers and 25 women self-help groups for success.What about monitoring?To accelerate the programme and ensure sustainability, the ministry has revised the campaign. We will do concurrent monitoring of Nirmal Grams with multiple layers, first by appointing 'Swachchhata Preraks' at district levels. The Centre will pay them salary. Second, NGOs have been roped in to do third party evaluation besides taking random samples of such GPs every two years.Why does the yatra cover only 5 states?The fives states - Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Bihar and Uttar Pradesh were selected as the rate of open defecation in these states was very high. As per the 2011 India census, the rate of toilet usage by people in MP is 13.6% followed by 20% in Rajasthan, 18.6% in Bihar and 22% in UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16691449", "title": "Collection days will be announced locally", "text": "BANGALORE: The worry has shifted from segregation at source to collection of dry waste which has been piling up for five days. BBMP which asked citizens segregate wet and dry waste from October 1, had decided to collect wet waste from your doorstep every day and dry waste on one day of the week.While in some areas, like Anandnagar, RT Nagar, Sanjaynagar, Koramangala and Domlur, where there are permanent dry waste collection centres, it will be collected every Saturday, Sunday or Monday, as informed to residents earlier. However most places in the city are not yet ready with permanent dry waste collection centres.Currently, there are only three places where wet and dry waste is being collected and stored in each of the 198 wards -- one centre for dry waste and two for wet waste., BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel told TOI: \"Each dry waste collection centre can store dry waste from each ward. BBMP will not recycle but we have an understanding with ITC, Solid Waste Management Round Table and other NGOs who will recycle it. We have decided not to spend on transportation of dry waste.\"Although collection days have not been announced formally, the commissioner said he had instructed ward officers to announce them locally. \"Once days are announced and collection begins, we'll fix those days and put them on the website,\" he added.While wet waste doesn't take up much space, dry waste occupies a lot of space and is difficult to store for a week. If dry waste collection begins over the weekend, with most citizens unaware of it, there's more chaos in store for us. In many areas, pourakarmikas are segregating waste themselves at collection points.\"It's dry waste, including paper, medicine wrappers, plastic bags, bottles and broken toys which occupy space. I think we need a bigger bin to store dry waste for almost six days,\" said SB Srinivasan, a resident of Sahakarnagar.Zone-wise CentresThere are 17 dry waste collection centres in Bommmanahalli zone, three in Dasarahalli zone, six in Shantinagar division, five in Shivajinagar division, seven in CV Raman Nagar division, seven in Pulakeshinagar division, seven in Sarvagnyanagar, eight in Hebbal division, 12 in Mahadevapura zone and 12 in Yelahanka zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16694713", "title": "US, Pakistan discuss steps to deal with improvised explosive devices threats", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US and Pakistan have agreed to work together for improving their efforts to combat the threat posed by improvised explosive devices (IEDs) in the Af-Pak region.During a meeting of the US and Pakistan Convene Law Enforcement and Counterterrorism Working Group yesterday, the two countries discussed means to disrupt illicit networks that supply the components and financing for IEDs in Pakistan and Afghanistan.Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik and William Brownfield, the assistant secretary for the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs co-chaired the meeting at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the state department.\"The US and Pakistani delegations emphasized on the importance of taking action against the threat posed by IEDs to their respective civilian, law enforcement, and military personnel,\" the state department said in a statement.The US delegation reiterated the danger these devices pose to Pakistan as well as the coalition forces working to establish stability and security in Afghanistan.The delegation also took note of the steps taken by Pakistan to combat IEDs.\"Both sides recommitted to pursuing practical solutions for improving joint efforts to combat IEDs and work with the government of Afghanistan to improve security along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border,\" the statement said.During the meeting, the two countries agreed to strengthen coordination and communication, improve enforcement of existing laws on transport and storage of IED precursors, increase public awareness of threat posed by IED networks and facilitators, disrupt financial flows supporting such networks and improve interdiction efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "theirs is a thankless job", "code": "16691363", "title": "They hold the key to garbage plan success", "text": "Theirs is a thankless job: they are up early, armed with brooms, ready to sweep the city clean of litter and pick up garbage. They are expected to use their bare hands, as the civic body has failed to equip them with gloves, masks and boots. Their remuneration: Rs 3,000 only. No perks. Some abuse.The BBMP has now tasked the pourakarmikas with the responsibility of ensuring that the garbage segregation drive is successful. Their duties include enlightening residents on what is wet and dry waste, and also insisting that mixed garbage is a strict no-no. On them rests the success or failure of Bangalore's garbage plan.These unsung workers may be proud of this new responsibility, but a round of the city revealed that they work under inhuman conditions. Civic workers need masks, safety aprons and gloves to protect them from the filth and disease, but Bangalore has failed to provide these basics.\"We have to use our hands and bodies to push the filth into the trucks. It stinks, and I often feel like throwing up but I contain my urge as this is the only job I have and I have to feed my family,\" said Ahmed, a contract worker who collects garbage from South Bangalore.While they do have shovels and buckets, many use their hands to pick up garbage scattered on the roads, as they have been given strict instructions to pick up every bit of filth. More often than not, the trucks are overloaded, and the garbage spills out. \"There's always more garbage to be picked up than the trucks can hold,\" said one of them.\"The worst part is that people often blame us for not doing enough to keep the city clean. I get shouted at by residents. Most abuse us for not doing our job well,\" said Lakshmi, a pourakarmika.\"They do all this for a meagre Rs 3,000 a month, which includes being present for garbage collection early every morning. They are not provided health insurance, provident fund or any other employee benefit as they are contract labourers,\" said a supervisor who takes care of garbage in Richmond Town area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16691424", "title": "China Open: Novak Djokovic powers into last four", "text": "BEIJING: Top-seed Novak Djokovic had his opponent sweating and the crowds swooning on a windswept day at the Olympic Grounds.The spindly Serb blasted past Austrian Jurgen Melzer 6-1, 6-2 in a mere 54-minutes and then topped his impressive act on court by signing his name in Mandarin on a courtside camera much to the delight of the damsels, who were left screaming, 'I love you, Novak'.Djokovic credited the charm offensive to the support he has always received in China. He later revealed that he had promised the crowds that converge around his practice court every afternoon that he would attempt to write his name in the local dialect should he win.Like his form on the day, he didn't disappoint. \"I hope fans were able to read what I wrote,\" he joked.There was little love for Melzer on the day, as the 25-year-old Monte Carlo resident, didn't put a serve wrong. So much so that Djokovic called it, \"one of the best serving matches of my career\".So supreme was his form on the day that in the sixth game of the second set, he served four straight aces. The former world No.1 will next play Florian Mayer in the semifinals of the ATP 500 Series China Open tournament late on Saturday.The big-serving German earlier put out China's 22-year-old wildcard Ze Zhang 6-3, 6-4 in one hour and 24-minutes.In the other semifinals, third-seeded Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who beat Russian Mikhail Youzhny 6-3, 6-2, will play Feliciano Lopez. The Spaniard beat American Sam Querry 4-6, 6-4, 6-4 in two hours and 24-minutes to set up the last four clash.Meanwhile in the women's event, top-seeded Victoria Azarenka of Belarus crushed Romina Oprandi of Switzerland 6-2, 6-0 in 56-minutes. Maria Sharapova moved past Angelique Kerber 6-3, 3-0 when the German retired with a foot injury. Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska , went down to local star Li Na 6-4, 6-2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692300", "title": "Distributors to ask oil firms to ease KYC norm process", "text": "PUNE: Distributors of LPG cylinders in the city are facing difficulties getting customers to fill up the mandatory Know Your Consumer (KYC) forms. Apart from staff shortage and technical glitches, distributors said that the forms ask for bank account details of the customers and many of them have reservations about giving such details.The new system, which will help the government have a data bank that will be used to transfer subsidy on each cylinder directly into the account of the beneficiary, also aims at checking multiple connections, said sources.LPG consumers have to fill a KYC form as per a recent notification of the oil marketing companies. The process has picked up pace after the recent cap on subsidized cylinders. The KYC forms also ask identity and address proof details from the consumer.Usha Poonawalla, president of the All-India LPG Distributors' Federation, Maharashtra and a BPCL gas dealer in the city, said, \"The bank account numbers, bank name, IFSC codes of customers in KYC forms are under the 'optional' category and hence customers are not proactive in furnishing these details. It is difficult for distributors to ask them these details. When such information is under the 'optional' category, it is not possible to create a data bank of customers' details for direct subsidy transfer.\"She said that distributors now have to deal with a huge rush of customers lining up to fill KYC forms. \"Distributors are short-staffed. Often, we need a staff member to fill the form while the customers dictate details, as most cannot read English,\" she said.The KYC forms should be submitted by new consumers, people who wish to transfer a connection, consumers who want a second cylinder, those who require change of address and those in the same family with more than one connection.Distributors said they will ask oil companies to ease the process of having the KYC forms filled. A BPCL official said, \"The government is planning to directly transfer the subsidy into the customers' accounts, hence details such as bank account numbers are sought in KYC forms. Though providing such details is under the optional category, it is imperative for the customer to give his bank account details so that the subsidy is transferred into his account in the future.\"An official from Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) said that though the decision on transferring subsidy directly into the bank accounts of the customers is still awaited, having the KYC forms filled is one way to keep a customer data bank ready as the government will directly transfer the subsidy into customers' bank accounts.\"We cannot force customers to give details they do not want to. It is the distributors' responsibility to explain the contents of the KYC forms to the customers. The language of the forms cannot be changed,\" the HPCL official added.Suhas Dhamdhere, past president, All India LPG Distributors' Federation, Maharashtra and an HPCL gas dealer, said, \"Furnishing bank details of the customers should be made compulsory if the government plans to transfer subsidy into customers' accounts in the future.\"Pratap Doshi, president of the All India LPG Distributors' Federation, said, \"The government is planning to amend the Liquefied Petroleum Gas (Regulation of Supply and Distribution) Order, 2000, so that the customer is duty-bound to give the information such as bank account details.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693506", "title": "Delhi high Court upholds land grant for school", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high Court has upheld the grant of land by Delhi Development Authority (DDA) to a society for running a nursery school.\"The paramount consideration is to ensure that in this ever-growing city, nursery school is there in the neighbourhood to provide elementary education to children of a tender age, and so MPD-2021 facilitates putting of nursery school plot in question to mixed land use,\" Justice Sunil Gaur has held in a recent order.DDA's decision to grant land to Tagore Education Society was challenged before HC on the ground, among others, that yet another school in Chirag Enclave area will lead to traffic congestion. Through a batch of petitions, Chiragh Cooperative Building Society and its office holders moved HC against DDA, arguing that the authority illegally allotted the land to the Tagore society.The petitioner society argued that during 1979 to 2002, several representations and reminders were sent to DDA for intimation of terms and conditions for allotting the land in question to Chiragh Cooperative, but there was no response, forcing it to move court.DDA told HC that in pursuance of lease agreement licence was given to Chiragh society to develop the entire land, but the proposed allotment of land for nursery school in favour of the petitioner society didn't fructify because it failed to pay the premium demanded, and therefore, the allotment was made to Tagore society. DDA defended the allotment claiming it was not a case of double allotment and is a valid agreement. DDA also emphasized that nursery schools in the neighbourhood are good for children of a tender age and cited the MPD - 2021 to assert that the allotment for school is valid.HC agreed that Chirag society had no right to stake claim to the plot as it never paid the premium. The court said the problem of traffic congestion can be handled by instructing police to regulate flow of vehicles and put reasonable restraints where required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16691765", "title": "Jagannath shrine to sell off lands in state", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Jagannath temple administration in Puri has decided to sell off lands owned by the shrine in several parts of the state, a top official said.\"The sale of land will help the temple to generate huge funds. We will create a corpus fund from the money for the shrine's development,\" the temple's chief administrator, Arabinda Kumar Padhee, said on Thursday.The administration has estimated that the shrine owned 56,858 acres of land in 23 districts. \"Around 25,000 acres were identified and taken possession by the temple administration. Efforts are on to identify the remaining lands,\" said Padhee, who assumed the additional charge of the revenue divisional commissioner (Southern division).Several such properties were occupied by land mafias and the temple was not earning any revenue from them. \"The temple's managing committee had decided to sell these lands in a meeting last month,\" Padhee said. \"We are trying to vacate the lands and sell them by making plots. In some places, we will invoke the government's uniform policy to sell shrine lands in the prevailing prices. The state government had formulated the uniform policy exclusively for the 12th century shrine to sell off its lands in the market price,\" he added.Padhee said huge patches of lands were lying in Puri, Khurda, Cuttack and Ganjam district The temple administration would appoint retired government revenue officers in these districts to supervise the official process to take possession of the lands and sell them.The temple administration has also decided to form a separate welfare fund for sevayats engaged in daily rituals in the Jagannath temple. \"Poor and needy sevayats can avail of monetary assistance at the time of need. The administration will also take them to some of the famous temples in other parts of the country as part of exposure tours,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680533", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan's B'day: Dance &amp; poems at Big B\u2019s bash", "text": "TOI gets you the itinerary of the birthday party, a black-tie affair planned by wife Jaya BachchanAmitabh Bachchan is turning 70 on October 11, 2012. Also, this is his first birthday that the actor will celebrate with his granddaughter Aaradhya. And that surely calls for a big celebration.We told you how the party will be held at across three floors at the newly built Reliance Mediaworks at Film City, Goregaon on October 10 and how wife Jaya Bachchan has been looking into every single detail to make it an evening her husband and the industry would not forget too soon. We bring you the itinerary that has been meticulously chalked out by Mrs Sr B.For starters, this will be a black tie affair. Men are expected to walk in wearing slick tuxedoes (Perhaps the ones many bought for the Karan Johar 40th birthday bash, can take those out once again). And all guests have been asked for their preference of vegetarian or non-vegetarian fare.As for the main program, invites have been sent out requesting guests to be on time, 8.30 pm to be precise, to respect the performers who would be a part of the show.At 9.30 pm will be an Indian contemporary ballet presented by Bangalore based Nritarutya dance trust. This dance will be based on some excerpts of Harivansh Rai Bachchan's famous works recited by Amitabh himself.At 10.30 pm, the commemorative book for which several artistes have sketched or painted their impressions of the Big B , will be unveiled.At 11 pm dinner will be served. The dance floor will also be opened around the same time.Interestingly, the invites that have been sent out also request all guests to leave their personal security (bouncers, bodyguards) at the main gate of the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693318", "title": "Trinamool MP's lost ATM card misused", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Union minister and Trinamool Congress MP Saugata Roy's purse was stolen while he was participating in a protest rally against the UPA government's policies in Jantar Mantar recently.According to police, they received a complaint from Roy on Monday saying that he was at Jantar Mantar till 3.30 pm. Half-an-hour later, he realized that his purse was stolen. Roy said that he immediately called up his bank but by then the accused had already withdrawn money.\"By the time Roy could block the card, he had lost Rs 50,000,'' said a source. tnnThe Parliament Street police have registered a case in this regard and is further investigating the case. Sources said some cash and other important documents kept in the wallet have also been misplaced. Cops said roy's ATM card carried the PIN number on it and the accused withdrew the money five times - Rs 10,000 each time.political leader from the Trinamool Congress Saugata Roy seem to be going through some testing times. Days after resigning from the union cabinet at the instance of party chief and west Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee, his protests at Jantar Mantar against UPA's recent policies turned sour.The police said that Roy's purse was stolen and then Rs 50,000 was removed from his account. Cops said roy's ATM card carried the PIN number on it and the accused withdrew the money five times - Rs 10,000 each time.According to police, they received a complaint from Roy on Monday where he stated that he was at the Jantar Mantar protest site till 3.30 pm after which he left the place. Half-an-hour later, he realized that a pickpocket had escaped with his purse. He stated that he immediately called up his bank only to realize that the accused had withdrawn money.``By the time Roy could block the card, he had lost Rs 50,000,'' said a top source. The Parliament Street police have registered a case in this regard and is further investigating the case. Sources said some cash and other important documents kept in the wallet have also been misplaced.The cops are now scouting all ATMs in the area for some lead in the case. ``We are questioning a number of people in this regard and have contacted banks for CCTV footage. We have also drawn up a list of all pickpockets active in the area and examining their movements. We hope to crack the case soon,'' said the investigating officer.Though pickpockets always become active during any protest in Jantar Mantar - several were reported during Anna's protest with even cops ending up as victims- this is the first time that the police have come across a complaint from a senior politician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16695880", "title": "Aiyyaa: Rani\u2019s close connection with Lady Gaga", "text": "Rani Mukherjee has a close connection with Lady Gaga these days. The young actress Anita Date (seen in Zor Lagake...Haiyya!) plays Rani's best-friend in Aiyyaa who is gaga over Lady Gaga. And they all call her Gagabai.Says a source close to the project, \"Rani's character has a completely wacked-out friend named Maina played by newcomer Anita Date. She dresses up like Lady Gaga, listens to her songs and actually believes she is Lady Gaga. So everyone calls her Gagabai.\"Apparently Rani and 'Gagabai' get together in the film to groove and jam to some of Lady Gaga's chartbusters. Our source informs us that a lot of the plots's focus is on the newbie actress Anita Date who plays Gagabai.Says a source close to the film's producers, \"Rani and this actress worked very closely in the film. Rani nurtured the younger actress. Helped her with her 'Gaga' look and laughed the loudest in her comic scenes. Not once was there any sense of one-up-manship in her attitude towards the junior actress. We at Viacom 18 had heard of the rivalry between actresses. But here was an established superstar who actually nurtured the actress who plays her seriously eccentric saheli. \"To those expecting a cloudburst of Rani Mukherjee's trademark exuberance in her new film Aiyyaa here's more news to whet the appetite.Rani plays a diehard fan of South Indian heroes\u2014Rajinikanth, Kamal Haasan, Vikram, Suriya and Ramcharan Teja\u2014in Aiyyaa. Her character Meenaxi spends all her time fantasizing about being caught on camera in tantalizing positions with her South Indian matinee idols. This is where the South Indian star Prithviraj steps in. He plays a South Indian boozard named Suriya.Apparently the film has some highly erotic dream-fantasy sequences featuring Rani and Prithviraj with mock-Sanskritized lyrics, as the duo strikes Kamasutra pose. Says a source close to the project, \"Dancing to Lady Gaga and to erotic fantasy songs in South Indian cinema style, Rani has completely let go in the film. She is full-on bindaas . Playing a diehard fan of South Indian films, she practices on Prithviraj who plays a drunkard, the steps and positions she has seen her South idols pose. Her character is also a fan of Sridevi , Juhi Chawla and Madhuri Dixit . This is a full-on filmy character.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693989", "title": "Spl train between Lucknow, Delhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: To clear passenger rush during festivals, railways will run a special train between Lucknow and New Delhi. Train numbers 04208/04207 New Delhi-Lucknow weekly Express will run till November 27. The train will run from New Delhi on Tuesday and from Lucknow on Wednesday. The train number 04208 will depart from New Delhi at 11.55 p.m. and reach Lucknow at 10.15 a.m. In the return direction, train number 04207 will depart from Lucknow at 11:30 p.m. and reach New Delhi at 07.30 a.m. The train will have stoppages at Ghaziabad, Moradabad and Bareilly and comprise one AC-2 coach, three AC-3 coaches, four sleeper coaches and three general class coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693557", "title": "Man accuses IAS officer of confining son since 1996", "text": "HYDERABAD: Accusing an IAS officer of forcibly confining and harming his son for more than a decade, a tribal on Friday approached the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) seeking his son's whereabouts.Petitioner T Bhadru, who hails from Warangal district, made these allegations against Orissa cadre IAS officer Tejawat Ramchandru (who also hails from Warangal and is from the same village as the petitioner's), who currently holds the post of secretary to the Orissa industrial department. Bhadru alleged that he had agreed to send his son T Ramdas as a domestic help to the IAS officer's house in Orissa in 1996 when his son was 12.The petitioner stated that he had not been able to establish any contact with his son since then. He blamed the officer for not even allowing him to talk to his son over the phone and not giving any proper information on his condition over the years. Bhadru stated in his petition that he was worried whether his son was alive or not.Appealing to the SHRC to immediately inquire into the issue, Bhadru demanded stringent action against the IAS officer for his actions. Admitting the case, the commission directed the chief secretaries of Orissa and Andhra Pradesh to inquire into the issue and submit a report by October 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692541", "title": "Government yet to issue notification on subsidized cylinders", "text": "JAIPUR: Providing respite to domestic LPG consumers in the state, the government had announced to give three more subsidized cylinders over and above the six-cylinder cap placed by the Central government.However, few weeks into the announcement, the government is yet to issue any formal notification on the same and plans on implementation of the scheme have not been chalked out.The concerned departments are yet to calculate the expenditure incurred by the exchequer and the number of cylinders against which it will have to provide subsidy.The commercial tax department, which is the nodal department to keep a count of the numbers of cylinders consumed and how many to be subsidized under the state quota, remains clueless on the issue. \"Our job is to collect the tax. Rest everything is to be done by the government. We don't need to keep a tab of the figures,\" said Khemraj Chaudhary, commissioner, commercial tax department.The decision of providing subsidy was taken after the Congress announced that the cap on subsidized LPG cylinders will be increased from six to nine in the states ruled by the party. The Union cabinet announced an annual six-cylinder cap on subsidized LPG cylinders for domestic consumers.According to an estimate, the Rajasthan government is likely to suffer an additional burden of Rs 800 crore annually by providing subsidy on three more cylinders per connection. Nearly five crore cylinders are used in the state every year against 67.38 lakh connections.The delay in issuing notification has led to confusion among consumers as well as dealers. With six months left in the current financial year, domestic consumers will be entitled to three subsidized cylinders. More delay on the issue can jeopardize the arithmetic. Officials, though, claim that the notice needs some amendments and will be issued soon. \"Still, there is a buffer of three cylinders before the current financial year ends at March 31, 2013. We will issue the notification much before that,\" a senior government official said.Meanwhile, company officials said that without an official noting, they will not be in position to provide more than three cylinders to the consumers. \"The government made the announcement. Unless we receive an official notification we will consider the fourth cylinder issued before March 31 as non-subsidized,\" an IOC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691386", "title": "Aunt, cousin depose in Kush case", "text": "NAGPUR: Four witnesses in Kush Katariya kidnapping and murder case, including accused Ayush Pugaliya's Facebook friend, deposed before the district and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte on Friday. The three witnesses' testimonies supported the prosecution's line of investigation.Kush's aunt Hema Katariya, one of the witnesses, told the court that she got a call from a girl who wanted the mobile phone number of Priya which she had provided. Priya, elder cousin of eight-year-old Kush, too deposed before court that she had got a call from Ayush who wanted her to come down in front of their department but she declined.Sneha Karnani, the social networking friend of Ayush, said it was Kush's neighbour who had requested her to procure the phone number of Priya by calling up her residence number. The girl also testified that Ayush had introduced his girlfriend to her. One of the panchas Jagdish Wankhede, witness to the black earth seized from Ayush's scooter's footrest, also proved the fact before the court.The special prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam, assisted by private counsel of Katariya family Rajendra Daga, represented the prosecution while Amrish Sonak was for the defence. Kush was kidnapped allegedly by Ayush on October 11 last year. The third standard student's body was traced on October 15 from the water tank of an under-construction building at Kalamna. Apart from Ayush, his two elder brothers too were arrested for concealing blood stained clothes of Ayush.On Saturday, the key witnesses of two panchas of the spot where Kush's body was found at Kalamna would be examined. As per the prosecution, deposition of these two panchas is crucial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692332", "title": "PMC's demolition drive enters 5th day", "text": "PUNE: In the biggest action since it started the demolition drive on Monday, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Friday demolished illegal constructions spread over 38,500 sq ft in Kalas and Dhanori areas.The demolition squad brought down four buildings, of which two were five-storied and the others were three- and two-storied structures.\"In total, the squad demolished constructions spread over 38,500 sq ft. Developers of these buildings had not sought permission from the PMC and had constructed illegal buildings. The PMC had issued notices to them,\" Sudhir Kadam, PMC's executive engineer (building department), told reporters.The demolition team comprised 100 civic officials and 100 workers, as well as 120 police personnel. As many as 12 JCBs, 10 breakers and 10 gas cutters were used during the demolition drive.\"The drive was peaceful on Friday and there was no major opposition to it,\" Kadam added.The PMC began its drive on Monday, a week after an illegal building in Taljai Pathar area collapsed killing 11 people. On Monday, illegal constructions spread over about 25,000 sq ft on Satara Road were demolished. On Tuesday, the PMC razed illegal buildings spread over an area of 23,000 sq ft. The PMC on Wednesday extended its drive against illegal constructions to include Nagar Road and Gokhalenagar areas. The civic department also claimed to have demolished 18 buildings spread over 30,000 sq ft across the city on Wednesday. The PMC official carried out action in the Pashan, Baner and Wadgaonsheri zones and demolished illegal constructions spread over 28,000 sq ft, including five buildings, on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693174", "title": "Police to invoke MCOCA against heist mastermind", "text": "NEW DELHI: The south district police is considering slapping MCOCA on Hari Kishan Sharma, mastermind of the Defence Colony bank van heist. This law, Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act, will enable them to tighten the screws on someone who, they feel, terrorizes witnesses into silence because of his trigger-happy nature.Sharma has been charge-sheeted twice in the past 10 years. If he is booked under this law, then his confessions before senior police officers will be admissible, not only against himself but also against the other accused in this case. He may not be granted anticipatory bail as well.\"Whether it be the murder of a transporter in R K Puram in 2005 or the killing of the manager of a mobile shop in east Delhi in 2008, witnesses turned hostile because of Sharma's terror. People knew that he shoots without any provocation and refrained from identifying him or testifying against him. In other cases of robbery and attempt-to-murder cases registered against him, too, he was found to be using firearms frequently. In one of the cases, he had allegedly shot at three people in a day,\" said a police source.Several acquittals because of witnesses not coming out against him only boosted his confidence. Cops say that was the reason why in the Defence Colony case, he first shot gunman Munne Singh. This, in his scheme of things, would ensure that no one would dare to identify him later.Sources also confessed that those involved in the incident were under police surveillance and hence, ideally, it could have been prevented. Ranjeet, Hari Kishan and Vijay were bad characters in different areas of south Delhi and their activities were on police radar.Meanwhile, Sharma's brother, Deepak, who was the first to be arrested in the case, has been taken on police remand and is being interrogated at Defence colony police station. The cops are trying to recover his share of the loot since he had previously lied to them and given up only his brother's share. The other three accused, Vijay Nahar Singh, Ranjeet alias Rumal and Yogesh, are still at large and a large portion of the loot is with them. Raids are being conducted in several states. The cops are also probing if another 'insider' was involved in tipping off the accused about the movement of the cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16693529", "title": "4-hour power cuts to continue", "text": "Despite the respite over the last two days, the four-hour power cut in the Greater Hyderabad region is slated to continue for some more time. In view of the rainfall and drop in temperature, there was a slight drop in demand on Wednesday and Thursday. As a result, the power cuts were not imposed in many areas on these two days. But the demand peaked again on Friday. Until the overall situation improves, the power cuts will be in place, Transco officials said. The Central Power Distribution Company Limited has been imposing four-hour power cuts in Greater Hyderabad, Vijayawada, Vizag and other cities. Officials said the demand dropped to about 1,300 MW on Friday and 1,230 MWs during the last two days against the normal demand of 1,500 to 1,600 MW per day. Another snag occurred on Friday as the NTPC generation to the CPDCL dropped by 400 MW, adding to the power crisis.CM Kiran Kumar Reddy reviewed the power situation with officials on Friday. He directed the officials to ensure seven-hour power supply to farmers. He said Rs 600 crore would be released in a week to meet the immediate requirements of APTransco and discoms. tnnOfficials assured the chief minister that a meeting of chairman and managing directors of discoms would be convened on Saturday and seven hours power to agriculture sector would be ensured. The chief minister also reviewed the status of wind and solar power generation. The group of ministers discussed the issue and final recommendations would be sent to the chief minister immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16692162", "title": "Politicians brace for IAC\u2019s next expose", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anxiety gripped political circles over India Against Corruption's announcement that it would make second expose on October 10, with politicians big and small across party lines asking just one question \u2014 After Robert, who?After the serious allegations levelled against Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra, a guessing game was on as to who could be the next on the \"hit list\" on the activists.Activist Arvind Kejriwal had announced on October 2 that his group would reveal sensational information against two political leaders. On Friday, he said they had decided to stagger the disclosures in order to multiply the impact. With Kejriwal saying the BJP was also corrupt like Congress, many wondered whether the next tranche of disclosures would be aimed at someone at the other end of the political spectrum; also because they felt that Congress's charge that they were saffron party's accessories may constrain the activists to appear even-handed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691287", "title": "Indira Gandhi Government Medical College resident doctors too join Mard strike", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the resident doctors at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) continued strike on the second day, the resident doctors at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) also struck work on Friday to express solidarity towards their counterparts.However, with the GMCH administration making immediate arrangement for armed security guards through a security agency (Mesco) the chances of Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors (MARD) withdrawing the strike are good. The residents had gone on strike following a scuffle with the relatives of a patient after his death.GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar told TOI that the administration held a meeting with Mesco chief retired colonel Chawre who immediately arranged for two armed guards. One of them has been posted at the casualty ward and other at the ICU. Mesco has promised another three guards on Saturday. One each will be deployed at the casualty and ICU while the third one will be in the labour and delivery ward as it is also a sensitive place.The dean said it was wrong on the part of Mard to continue the strike even after their basic demand was met. \"They cannot relate other issues like availability of medicines with strike every time. They have to withdraw strike,\" he said. Dr Dongre said it was for the first time that the city police, after the enactment of the Prevention of Violence &amp; Damages or Loss of Property Act 2010, have booked three suspects involved in manhandling and beating the resident doctors on duty.The act has a provision of imprisonment of three years and a fine of Rs50,000 if found guilty. The act empowers police to arrest suspects without a warrant as the offence is cognizable and non-bailable. Bail can be granted only by a judicial magistrate first class.Meanwhile, Mard president at GMCH Dr Parag Kinage justified the continuation of strike by saying that the association had been asking the administration to fulfill their demands for security, availability of essential drugs and emergency medicine and equipment, legal action in assault cases and filling of all vacant posts for the last one year, but received nothing more than assurances in writing.\"Practically, things remained the same all this while. How do we believe that this time things will change. After such strikes for some days medicines and other items are made available. But the situation is back to square one after a month. How is it that the government fulfils all demands in western Maharashtra colleges and not at Nagpur,\" he asked.IGGMC president of Mard Dr P Shinde told TOI that all the residents had gone on strike to support the GMCH residents as such incidents at IGGMC are common. IGMC dean Dr Prakash Wakode told TOI he had warned the students to not extend the strike beyond one day or else face action.Experts in medical fraternity however feel that the state government should take the issue of non-availability of essential and emergency drugs and staff seriously. They say that instead of starting new colleges the government should strengthen the existing system.\"In fact, even at GMCH the government should first make provision of filling all class II and IV posts and make available essential medicines rather than constructing new buildings and roping in modern equipment. What is the use of all such paraphernalia if we can't save lives of patients for want of emergency drugs,\" said a senior teacher at GMCH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16692863", "title": "\u2018How will you ensure that boys aren\u2019t framed?\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"If we call up the police to report a sexual harassment incident around us, will we get into trouble?\" questioned a boy at the Panjab University's law auditorium, who was one of the several male students being addressed at the by Chandigarh Police as a part of their ongoing sexual harassment campaign on Friday.\"Talk about girls. What if they ogle at us?\" asked another boy sounding worried. \"You should be happy,\" replied UT SSP Naunihal Singh. Expressing his apprehension, another male student asked the SSP, \"This rigorous campaign could go against the innocent male students. How will you ensure that the girls don't deliberately get some boy into trouble?\"\"The police will ensure that no innocent youngster is unnecessarily questioned,\" responded Singh, while delivering a lecture and answering queries of PU students during the ongoing campaign on sexual harassment. He narrated how a group of boys who were chasing girls in Sector 10, then 11 and later 26 were nabbed. When questioned, the boys who came from Punjab to Chandigarh to \"tease girls\" said, \"We did not know that in Chandigarh one is arrested for teasing girls.\" The session wrapped with students in peals of laughter as SSP expressed the will of UT police to show \"hospitality to boys who indulge sexual harassment.\"The SSP also criticized and expressed shock at the male students when they applauded following a question by a girl, who expressed fear of revenge if she complained. \"If we complain today and a boy takes revenge years later, what do we do? asked the girl. The SSP said, \"This shows how fearful the females are of what men can do to them. It's a shame.\"Later, a girl from Sector 36 complained, \"There is a major problem in Sector 36. - the moment one comes out of home there are cars ready to follow and chase.\" Students, in this interaction, also asked the SSP what they were doing to educate their own police force about handling sexual harassment cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692279", "title": "\u2018Research Day\u2019 held at Christian Medical College and Hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: Christian Medical College and Hospital, Vellore on Friday held its annual 'Research Day', an event meant to encourage young researchers who do quality work to showcase the work they are doing. A concept that evolved three years ago, October 5 saw 88 posters being presented on topics that ranged from cancer to health policies to even the risk factors for falls in the elderly. There were also nine oral presentations.\"Very few medical colleges encourage scientific research because they are always focuses on the clinical aspects. This is one day that basic science comes to the fore,\" says Dr Nihal Thomas, vice-principal (research) at CMCH. \"There are 1,500 medical personnel in CMCH and 400 dedicated staff for research. But very often these ideas are not shared. We're hoping a day like this every year changes that,\" he adds.He says that CMCH gets external grant funding in excess of 43 crore exclusively for research from several organisations, including the Indian Council for Medical Research. The chief guest for the function was Dr T Jacob John, emeritus professor, dept of virology, CMCH, Vellore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16691374", "title": "I-League: Mumbai FC seek first win over Pailan Arrows", "text": "KOLKATA: Mumbai FC will look to set the record straight when they launch their I-League campaign with a match against Arrows at the Salt Lake Stadium on Saturday.Since their 'birth' in 2007, Mumbai FC have never beaten the AIFF development side. Khalid Jamil's young brigade came close to notching up their first win over Arrows in the Federation Cup quarterfinal group stage in Jamshedpur, but the Kolkata-based side came back twice to force a 2-2 draw.That was the only point the Mumbai outfit earned in an otherwise forgettable Federation Cup campaign. Nigerian ND Opara, who scored both goals in that match last month, will again hold the key for Mumbai FC in their latest face-off against Arrows.With veteran Ghanaian Yusif Yakubu yet to join the team, Ghanaian defender Evans Quao and Afghan midfielder Zohib Islam Amiri are the other foreigners available for Mumbai FC for the time being.Both these teams having finished in the bottom half of the I-League table last season, they will be eyeing a winning start in their bid for an improved performance this time round.Being a development side, Arrows \u2014 who finished 13th in the 2011-2012 league \u2014 won't again have to worry about relegation. The onus will be more on Mumbai FC, who managed to survive demotion by finishing 11th.If Mumbai FC are banking on their foreign firepower, Arrows are ready to counter the challenge with their indigenous resources.George Alwyn now features regularly in India's under-23 side and has caught national coach Wim Koeverman's eye. His striking partner Holicharan Narzary is another promising player who looks ready to step into the big league.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16696459", "title": "Dandiya Queen Falguni Pathak on KBC!", "text": "Dandiya queen Falguni Pathak will be seen on the hot seat for Sony Entertainment Television's Kaun Bangea Crorepati.After the beautiful and gorgeous Sridevi promoting her latest film English Vinglish on KBC where she did the famous Michael Jackson steps, its dandiya queen Falguni Pathak's turn to do the same.That's good news for all Falguni fans! She has been the queen of entertainment when it comes to dandiya and garba during the festive season of Navrati. She has belted out popular chartbusters including Aaiyo Rama Hath, Chudi Jo Khanke, Maine Payal Hai Chhankai and Meri Chunar Udd among many others.Falguni will sit on the hot seat opposite the Big B for a Navrati special episode that will be telecast on 20th October, as per sources. The shooting for this Navrati special will begin on Monday. Viewers can expect a treat as their dandiya queen is expected to sing a few of her famous songs and audiences may even request the Big B to dance a few steps along with Falguni!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691252", "title": "Standing committee's no respite to civic chief", "text": "NAGPUR: For the second consecutive week, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) standing committee continued to pressurize the municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, who is the chief executive officer. In the meeting held on Friday, the NMC's apex financial body passed a resolution for a code of conduct making it mandatory for the civic chief to execute the approved proposals within 15 days.Last week, the committee headed by Dayashankar Tiwari had adjourned its meeting without conducting any business to condemn the absence of the municipal commissioner. However, the civic chief is not obliged to attend the meeting according to the provisions in the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act. On Friday, the committee passed the resolution requesting the general body followed by the state government to make amendment in the CNC Act for making it mandatory for the civic chief to execute all proposals passed by it within 15 days.Explaining the reasons behind the move, Tiwari said that the standing committee takes decision on the proposals recommended by the municipal commissioner. \"However, the civic chief has kept the proposals passed by the committee pending for the last two-three months. When the government amended the CNC Act, it had made it mandatory for the general body and standing committee to decide the proposals within a stipulated time. This time limit should also be binding on the municipal commissioner. The resolution passed on Friday will be sent to the general body and then government for discussion,\" said Tiwari.In a positive development, the standing committee made it mandatory for all the departments to submit proposals related to extension of works three months before the deadline. Tiwari said that proposals for fresh tenders or extension have been submitted either after this period or when the deadline approached. The directives were passed during discussion on the proposal related to contract of sewage treatment. In its proposal, the department had stated that the contract was expiring in September and sought its extension up to November, till completion of fresh tenders.The committee also approved the proposal to recover Rs1,000 from firecracker vendors to issue no objection certificate for setting up stalls during Diwali. The committee also cleared the proposal to recover Rs10 per day from vegetable and other vendors, both authorized and unauthorized, during daily or weekly markets. The proposal is the brainchild of Tiwari who wants to increase the NMC's revenue by around Rs5 crore per year.Besides, the standing committee approved the proposal to change the names of two zones - Gandhibagh zone to Gandhi Zone, Mahal, and Mangalwari Zone to Sadar Zone. The resolution would be submitted to the general body for approval.On the long pending proposal to execute pay and park on Sitabuldi main market road, the standing committee asked the municipal commissioner to hold a meeting with commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay and incorporate the suggestions and objections of the shopkeepers within a week.The meeting concluded with strictures on few of the officials. Sources told TOI that the officials appeared clueless when Tiwari wanted to know about the delay in finalizing the Citizens Charter. Tiwari issued directives to complete the process within seven days.Tiwari added that the NMC has completed all works to ensure basic amenities at the Haj House where the Haj pilgrims would be staying before leaving for the pilgrimage on October 9.Head: Tug-of-war kind situation* As per CNC Act, municipal commissioner not obligated to attend standing committee meeting* Last week, committee adjourned its meeting to slam civic chief's absence and for keeping proposals cleared by it pending for two-three months* On Friday, resolution passed to make it mandatory for the civic chief to execute the approved proposals within 15 days* According to sources, the civic chief does not want to execute a few controversial proposals thinking it may further increase NMC's already high liability", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "16694200", "title": "Girl blames correspondent for injuries suffered in Kumbakonam school fire", "text": "THANJAVUR: A girl, who sustained injuries during the Kumbakonam fire tragedy in 2004, has blamed the school correspondent for her situation in the accident. She told this while deposing before the judge G Saravanan at the Thanjavur district sessions court here on Friday.The girl, Divya, studying class 10, has been included as one of the 488 witnesses in the case. She was one of the 18 students injured in the fire accident. She was the second injured student who has blamed the school correspondent Palanisamy for her burn injuries.During the hearing on Thursday, another student, Rahul Raghavan pointed fingers at the correspondent for forcing him and other students into a classroom where the fire engulfed on July 16, 2004 in Kumbakonam. In the accident, 94 children were killed and 18 students sustained burn injuries. However, the trial began on September 24 and will be held daily to complete the case in six months, as per a Supreme Court direction.She was cross-examined by the government appointed special public prosecutor R Madhusudhanan as well as the counsels of all the 21 accused in the case on Friday. The girl was studying third standard in English medium when the accident occurred eight years ago.\"During the cross-examination, she said that the school correspondent forced her and other students to sit with the Tamil medium students in a congested classroom in the school, ahead of an inspection from the education department. As the fire broke out, the students could not escape due to a stampede. So, she sustained severe injuries,\" R Madhusudhanan, public prosecutor told TOI.Meanwhile, the cross-examination with Rahul Raghavan continued on Friday also. The counsels of all the accused interrogated him. The case has been adjourned for hearing to October 8, he added.Madhusudhanan also said that A Kowsalya and B Vijay, who sustained severe burn injuries were summoned to appear in the court on Monday. He would conduct cross-examination with students.It may be recalled that on a petition filed by the counsels of the Kowsalya and Vijay, the Madras high court on Wednesday directed the Apollo Hospitals in Chennai to perform plastic surgery for them and also directed the government to reimburse the medical expenses to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692036", "title": "38,000 apply for medical PG entrance test on Day 1", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 38,000 candidates have registered for the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test for Postgraduates (NEET-PG) in 24 hours. Testing agency Prometric said that this translates into 1,600 transactions an hour. The test is mandatory for admission to postgraduate medical courses starting the 2013-14 academic year.Conducted by the National Board of Examinations in partnership with Prometric, the first computer-based NEET-PG will be administered over 10 days between November 23 and December 6, in 33 cities. Eligible candidates can register for the test by logging on to www.nbe.gov.in/neetpg, after purchasing a bulletin-cum-examination fee voucher from select Axis Bank branches.The test registration and scheduling window opened on October 4 and candidates will be able to sign up for the test till November 12. Managing director of Prometric India Soumitra Roy said, \"We will endeavour to offer as many seats as feasible in the candidates' preferred locations, availability is on a first-come-first-served basis, and we encourage all candidates to select the best available exam slot, register and complete their sessions as quickly as possible.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691917", "title": "The India Giving Challenge raises the bar for benevolence", "text": "MUMBAI:It's no blue ribbon equity fund, but both moneymen and the masses continue to back the India Giving Challenge stock, making it a consistent fundraising winner. The pistol first fired in 2009, when NGOs and corporates took off to raise within 15 days, funds for the social causes they championed. (The Challenge is literally a competition, with prizes offered to those who meet certain targets, and Give India closely matching those targets.)That first year saw 5,000 donors raise Rs 91 lakhs. Then, recession darkened the forecast for philanthropy, but busting all expectation, the challenge took in a sizeable purse. Last year, the donor count rose to 9,000 and the total revenues were Rs 3 crores, an indication that donations were growing in value. The bar has been set higher this year, at Rs 4 crores, and the Challenge has already crossed the 1.25 crore mark. Apparently, philanthropy is determined to outpace a slow economy.Harsh Arora of the non profit Sarthak Prayas - which runs a charity school in Haryana, and two remedial education centres in Delhi - says they've already raised Rs 3 lakhs (equivalent to last year's draw), and the finish line is still some way off. \"Some of our regular donors have increased their donations by over 100 per cent this year,\" Arora says.Teach For India (TFI), the nationwide programme to supplement the staff of government-run schools with competent young teachers, has also reported a spike in income. \"We so far raised Rs 32 lakhs, that's twice as much as our gross last year,\" says Mridvika Mathur, a TFI coordinator, \"this could also because we now have more Fellows in our network (180 our of 509 Fellows are part of the India Giving Challenge), and have expanded to five cities,\" she adds. The funds raised by TFI are ploughed back into the classrooms, particularly towards their end-of-year 'Be The Change' projects, which encompass field trips, the setting up of community libraries and staged musicals.It's not the non-profits alone who aim to better last year's sweepstakes, corporate houses have also been pursuing tougher targets. Allscripts India, a healthcare software company, headquartered in Pune, is currently in fourth place, with a tally of Rs 2 lakhs to date. \"We're raising money for SOS Children's Village and the National Association of the Blind,\" says Nitin Deshpande, company president. Deshpande believes that circulated stories of philanthropy spur his employees to up their own ante. \"Moreover, an initiative like the India Giving Challenge makes it easy to give by streamlining the process and making it transparent and offering donors a range of NGOs and causes to which to donate,\" he says.The sentiment is echoed by Balamurugan, CEO, Jardine Lloyd Thompson, whose company (only 900 employees on the rolls) has consistently made it to the Challenge's top five corporate donors. He hopes the competitive spirit of the initiative will goad Jardine's employees to beat last year's Rs 6.5 lakh record. For the sake of the greater good, all eyes are on the prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692261", "title": "Vikhroli driver booked for 'raping' teenager", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old chauffeur has been arrested by the Kurla Government Railway Police (GRP) after a 19-year-old girl accused him of rape. The two were close friends and had gone to Shirdi to celebrate the girl's birthday. The 19-year-old girl studies at a Bhandup-based college.According to the police, the accused, Prasad Jivhale, and the girl are both Vikhroli residents. On October 1, the two met at Vikhroli station and travelled in separate coaches till Thane. The girl hadn't told her parents about her trip. The duo then travelled together to Shirdi where they celebrated the girl's birthday.According to her statement to the police, Jivhale got intimate with her. From Shirdi, the duo went to Aurangabad. They were to return to Mumbai by boarding a long-distance train from Aurangabad on October 3, when Jivhale realized he was out of cash. He then tried to sell his cellphone. Local shopkeepers smelt something amiss on spotting a young girl with Jivhale. When he was unable to answer their questions satisfactorily, they thrashed Jivhale and handed him to the Kranti Chowk police station in Aurangabad.The Vikhroli cops went to Aurangabad and brought the duo to Mumbai. The girl was reunited with her family.Jivhale was handed over to the Kurla GRP as Vikhroli station, where the couple's journey began, lies in the GRP's jurisdiction. Jivhale was booked on charges of rape and will be produced before a metropolitan court on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16694207", "title": "Learn from past mistakes", "text": "The government's refusal to draw lessons from the fire is baffling. It appears it's making exactly the same mistakes now it made earlier, which led to the fire. Wilful disregard for safety norms, especially when an example as calamitous as this year's fire is there, is criminal. We heard public memory was short. Is government memory even shorter?Related story:  Mantralaya starts revamp, but fire NOC yet to come", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692236", "title": "TV firm MD arrested in cheating case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Versova police have arrested the managing director of a TV production company, Gajendra Singh , on Thursday in a cheating case registered against him in Kanpur. The police produced him before a court on Friday and took his transit remand. Singh is in the custody of the police and they will produce him in a Kanpur court in four days.Singh has been involved with creating a number of popular music reality shows. His shows provided a platform to many aspiring singers.A company had filed a case against Singh in Kanpur and he failed to appear before a court. The Kanpur court issued a non-bailable warrant against Singh and sent it to the Versova police for execution. Singh has his office in Andheri (west) which comes under the jurisdiction of the Versova police station.The Versova police executed the warrant on Thursday after arresting Singh.The police officer refused to provide the case details stating that they have no concern with the case and they just followed the court directive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692580", "title": "BJP's Kalyan can attend assembly but cannot vote: SC", "text": "JAIPUR: BJP's Kalyan Singh , whose election from the Nathdwara assembly seat was annulled by the Rajasthan high court in August, got partial relief from the Supreme Court on Friday.The apex court has allowed Singh to attend the upcoming state assembly session and participate in its debates and discussions. However, the court has not allowed Singh the right to vote.Further, Singh will not be entitled to the salary and allowances payable to a legislator till the time the SC decides his appeal against the high court judgment that canceled his election. Also, the SC declined to stay the criminal proceedings ordered against Singh by the high court for adopting malpractices to get elected in December 2008.The division bench of justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogai that heard Singh's petition on Friday has kept the matter for final hearing on December 14.\"Singh's status as a legislator has not been restored by the SC, as he has been denied not only the salary and allowances but also the right to vote an assembly member. He can participate in the assembly proceedings, but his voice will now be not as effective,\" said R N Mathur, counsel for union minister C P Joshi.It was Joshi who challenged Singh's election before the high court on the ground that the latter adopted election malpractices to win the Nathdwara assembly seat in December 2008. Joshi, who lost this election against Singh by a single vote, questioned the poll result on two counts-that Singh's wife Kalpana Kanwar cast her vote at two polling stations and that some of the votes were improperly received.The high court, which had been hearing Joshi's writ petition since January 2009, found Singh guilty of the charges and declared his election void on August 31 this year. Besides directing Singh to pay Rs 51000 to Joshi towards cost of the petition, the high court ordered criminal proceedings against the BJP leader, his wife and two witnesses on charges of providing false evidence in the court. Joshi, meanwhile, won the Lok Sabha election from Bhilwara in April 2009 and got included as a cabinet minister in the UPA government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16691978", "title": "Cop, 25-year-old woman commit suicide", "text": "INDORE: Two incidents of suicide were reported in the city where a 25-year-old girl and a constable in the 15th battalion of Special Action Force (SAF) hanged themselves from the ceiling here on Friday. No suicide note was found in both the cases.In the first incident, one Ravi Bahadur, 48 who is the son of Lal Bahadur reportedly committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence in Krishna block in Banganga area.According to police, Ravi Bahadur was alone in his room at around 4 pm when he hanged himself. With the help of the neighbours, his wife rushed him to the hospital.In another incident, a 25-year-old girl Aarti, daughter of Shankarlal committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling in her house.She was the resident of Chhoti Kumharkhedi and had lost her job recently. Depression, probably forced her to take the extreme step, said the police.Police added that after having her dinner, she went to sleep but her family members rushed to the MY hospital when they noticed her hanging from the ceiling in the wee hours on Friday. Both the cases are being investigated by the Banganga police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16654704", "title": "Rome's snacking tourists to be fined", "text": "Rome's city council has issued an ordinance prohibiting tourists from snacking on pizza, sandwiches and Panini at monuments of historical importance .Snacking tourists will have to pay a fine of up to 629 dollars at sites such as the Pantheon, the Piazza Navona and the Colosseum.\"It is forbidden to encamp or erect makeshift shelters and stop to eat or drink in zones which have a particular historic or architectural value,\" the ordinance adopted by Rome city council read.According to news.com.au, the law was designed to protect the historic moments and follows similar bans in Venice, Florence and Bologna .But for many residents the rule is also about teaching tourists respect.\"This is a way to re-educate people about how to behave in this city. We've let standards fall,\" Rome resident Viviana Di Capua said.\"At the moment people can do anything they like in this city. We need to restore respect. It''s just a first step - a lot more needs to be done,\" Capua added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16694158", "title": "Dolphin census begins", "text": "KANPUR: A motorboat with forest department officials and volunteers of society for conservation of nature aboard began its three day journey from Panchnada down the Ganga river on Friday to ascertain the population of the gangetic river dolphin in the state. The state forest department has tied up with WWF-India to conduct a detailed census of the national aquatic animal and to create awareness on them among local communities. The last census of gangetic dolphins in the state was conducted in 2005. October 5 has been chosen to begin the census as the gangetic dolphin was declared the national aquatic animal on the same date in 2009.\"We have covered almost 80 km of the river route after leaving Panchnada in Etawah around 10.20 am. Besides SCON volunteers, the forest department personnel Jaikishan and Neeraj are on the job from dawn to dusk. This is a part of state-wide 'My Ganga My Dolphin' survey being conducted jointly by WWF-India, Uttar Pradesh forest department and social organizations,\" said Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, society for conservation of nature.As many as four major junctions have been surveyed in the census. \"We observed several juvenile gharials in Panchnada but are yet to come across a gangetic river dolphin,\" Chauhan said. \"But at several junctions including Shergadh ghat in Auraiyya, Sikandara ghat and Chaura ghat in Kanpur dehat, Kalpi in Jalaun, local communities have earlier apprised us of physical sightings of the gangetic dolphin,\" he added. \"We will pool the final tally on the last day and share it with the forest department,\" said Jaikishan, a forest department official.\"As per the villagers, the numbers of river dolphin have decreased, which is not good news,\" he added. This might be due to loss of natural habitats due to pollution and construction of dams and barrages on rivers, said another wildlife observer accompanying the team.The campaign would conclude in the state capital on October 7 with the announcement of the status and count of the gangetic dolphin by senior officials of the UP forest department, informed Rajesh Bajpai, co-ordinator, WWF.The survey will cover the waters of Ganga, Rapti, Yamuna, Chambal, Ghaghra, Saryu, Gerwa, Ken, Betwa and Son. In India, dolphins have been sighted along river reaches in Assam, Bihar, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16696451", "title": "Pierce Brosnan 'deadliest James Bond ever'", "text": "Soft-spoken Pierce Brosnan has totted up the highest number of kills as James Bond out of the six actors who have taken up the role of the iconic spy till yet, it was revealed on the 50th anniversary of the famous film franchise.Roger Moore and Sean Connery closely follow with 51 kills each, with Craig trailing in fourth place with 25, despite his movies generally being described as grittier and more violent.As well as proving the most lethal, Brosnan helped bring the Bond series its then highest-ever box office takings in 1995 when he starred in ' Goldeneye '.His next two Bond films, ' Tomorrow Never Dies ' in 1997 and ' The World Is Not Enough ' in 1999, unfortunately didn't match the success of the first, but his fourth and final film 'Die Another Day' again broke a box office record in 2002 taking 431,971,116 dollars.This record was then smashed to smithereens when Daniel Craig took up the mantle in 2006 for ' Casino Royale ', which made 594,239,066 dollars at the Box Office.Incredibly, Craig has uttered the famous phrase \"Bond. James Bond\" only once in all of his three films, which include ' Quantum of Solace ' and ' Skyfall '.Unsurprisingly, Roger Moore has said it far more than any other Bond - ten times over the course of his seven movies.Moore also holds the record for the highest number of kisses with 20 onscreen clinches, closely followed by Connery (18), and Brosnan (12).The statistics correlated for the 50th anniversary of the Bond films come just a few weeks before the latest instalment ' Skyfall ' is set to hit big screens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691350", "title": "Japan is where Digvijay Singh's heart is", "text": "MUMBAI: Pristine courses, lesser travel and good hospitality may appeal to romantics more than a robust sportsman but for Digvijay Singh, who ended a 12-year wait for his first Asian Tour title with the Panasonic Open this March, it's the comfort with the conditions that is required to bring the best in him.This is why Digvijay is looking to compete in Japan more than playing on the European Tour. \"I was talking to Jyoti (Randhawa), who has played three years on the Japan Tour, and we both agreed that we must play there and more on the Asian Tour as well instead of thinking of the European Tour.Japan is a beautiful tour, you don't need to catch too many flights, get on the train and within two hours, you are at the next venue. They also have some great courses and brilliant equipment support which makes it the best tour to play on.Though it isn't as diversified as Asia,\" said Digvijay, who carded two-under 68 to be placed tied 14th after the second round of the Rs 1 crore CG Open here at the BPGC.\"If you are thinking of graduating to a bigger tour like Europe, Japan is the place to be. It's easier for one to win an event on the Japan Tour and figure in the top-50 of the world than USPGA or any other tour, as it offers more world ranking points.So I would go for the Japanese Q-school next year rather than Europe, which I can get entry if my rankings improve,\" said the Delhi professional, who has an Asian Tour card till 2014. The higher the ranking of the players in a championship, the more points there are on offer. This is where Japan scores over the Asian tour or the newly launched OneAsia Tour.\"If Tiger Woods is playing in a certain tournament and it is recognised by the federation of tours then it will carry certain number of ranking points to be distributed among the people who finish in the top-5 or top-10.If Jeev is playing in an event then it won't carry as many points than it would if say a Tiger or Rory (McIlroy) is playing. So top pros turn up there to collect more points and move to bigger tours,\" Digvijay explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16692606", "title": "Anti-polythene drive in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: An intensive anti-polythene drive would be carried out to check the use of plastic and poly-bags in the city, city administration has said. Deputy Commissioner P C Meena has directed officials of Haryana Pollution Control Board to conduct raids on local manufacturers of polythene bags.Officers equivalent to executive engineers of various departments will be given authority to issue challans to those found using or selling polythene bags, he said. The DC has also asked officers of labour department to curb the practice of child labour and conduct raids at commercial establishments to check if they have engaged children below 14 years as labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16693373", "title": "Adopt our cause, get support for polls: Lahaul villagers", "text": "MANALI: With Assembly elections due in November, residents of over 10 villages in Lahaul valley have decided to elect a candidate who assures them of coordinating efforts for cancellation of hydel projects proposed to be built here. For this, they want the candidate to include their cause in poll manifesto and take a pledge to support them in their attempt to get the projects scrapped.Residents of Karaki, Ratoli, Salpat, Madgram, Dangma, Darcha, Sumdo, Limkyum, Rangyo Baryo and many other villages have been agitating against the setting up of 400MW Shelly project and 300MW Jispa project for years now. Nearly 100 families are likely to be displaced permanently. Over 60,000 trees would be killed and hundreds of bigha agricultural and forest land submerged under water forever.\"I need a fearless leader, who shares our pain and drives this project out of my village,\" said Tobdan Dawa, a resident of Darcha village. Claiming that the project would affect livelihoods, Sudershan Thakur, convener of Shelly Project Sangharsh Samiti, said, \"We do not need development at the cost of lakhs of green trees. Where would we graze our cattle? How would we survive landslides and cloudbursts?\"Despite poor telecommunication connectivity, tribals are in touch via SMSs and social networking sites. They are appealing the youth and educated persons to join hand in convincing candidates to take up this agenda in manifesto. Lobsang Tsering, a local, said, \"All politicians are corrupt and do not care for poor villagers. I'll ask all my friends and relatives not to cast their votes.\"Over 30 small and large hydel projects are proposed to set up on various streams of Lahaul including river Chenab. Villagers fear construction of these projects in ecologically sensitive area would lead to environmental degradation, extinction of precious flora, fauna and water resources.Convenor of the Jispa-Darcha Bandh Jan Sangharsh Samiti, Rigzin Hayerpa, said their agitation would continue until project managements would not leave their valley. He said, \"We have right to protest and fight for our rights. We cannot let our land and culture be damaged by outsiders. Neither government nor private companies can impose their orders on us at our own motherland.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691408", "title": "CG Open: Delhi pros sizzle on cloudy day", "text": "MUMBAI: Delhi golfers made merry in the penultimate round of the CG Open despite threats of a cloud burst at the BPGC here.Shamim Khan ended a rather jittery start with a 20-foot eagle on the final hole to snatch the lead from Rashid Khan, who ended the day at 10-under 200.Vinod Kumar, another pro from the national capital, was two strokes behind Shamim only to be joined by overnight leader Harendra Gupta, who had a topsy-turvy day with an even-par 70.Shamim, who is currently leading the Order of Merit with two wins and 12 top-10s from 15 events, got off to a flying start with a birdie on the first but a missed chip-putt on the second made it all square. He then parred the next four holes before dropping a bogey on the seventh, only to be corrected by a birdie on the eighth.The 34-year-old, however, showed his true colours on the back-nine, firing birdies on the 11th and the 16th before the swashbuckling eagle on the sloppy final hole.\"The 10-feet birdie on the eighth brought me back into rhythm. I putted better on the back-nine than yesterday.The eagle on the tricky closing hole has lifted my confidence going into the final round as the ball had to travel first uphill and then downhill,\" said a confident Shamim, whose best finish (tied ninth) on the Asian Tour this season came at the SAIL-SBI Open.Last year's emerging player of the year, Rashid (69-65-66), jumped from tied fourth position the previous day to get into title contention with five birdies against a lone bogey on the eighth.His birdies came on the first, second, fourth, 17th and 18th holes. The 21-year-old, who won the PGTI Players Championship in windy condition this August, said he will not make any changes to his strategy in the final round.\"I will do what I have been doing in the last three rounds. Keep my cool and attack where it is required.I know BPGC since I had won here in my junior days, though they renovated it last year and installed more water hazards. I ended fifth last year so I hope to make amends this time,\" said the 2010 Asian Games silver medalist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16691529", "title": "Essay contest held at Van Vihar Park", "text": "BHOPAL: Essay competition was held at Van Vihar National Park on Friday on the fifth day of the Wildlife Week. The competition was held in three categories. Topic for Class V to VIII was Van Vihar as I saw or \"Madhya Pradesh's wild animals\" for the first category in which 115 students participated, for class IX to XII \"Eco-tourism potential in Madhya Pradesh\" or \"Establishment of National Parks and sanctuaries a human necessity\" in which 94 students took part and topic for the third category of college students and others was \"Short carbon lifestyles\" or \"Importance of forests in ecological system\" which was participated by 44 contestants. Earlier at 6 am, 27 persons participated in bird watching camp.College students' debate competition was also held on Friday in which 25 students from 14 colleges expressed their views on \"development is the root cause of environmental imbalance.\"The first prize in favour of the topic was won by Shradhha Lama of Barkatullah University Bhopal, the second prize by Megha Mehta of Makhanlal Chaturvedi Patrakarita Vishwavidyalaya, Bhopal, and the third prize was won by Shubhi Pradhan of VNS Institute of Technology, Bhopal.Similarly, the first prize in debate against the topic was won by Sneh Dwivedi of Anand Vihar College, Bhopal, the second prize by Govind Tiwari of IIFM and the third prize was won by Shruti Mishra of Satyasai College, Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692565", "title": "Thieves set shop on fire after looting cash", "text": "JAIPUR: A devastating fire broke out inside a departmental store at Brij Vihar Vistar colony near Jagatpura flyover during the early hours of Friday. The store owner claimed that robbers set the shop on fire before fleeing with Rs 12,000 in cash. Properties worth nearly Rs 15 lakh were reportedly gutted in fire.At 3 am in the morning, shop owner Prakash Jhalani was informed by neighbours that smoke is emerging from the shutters of the shop. He soon rushed to the spot and called the police. Fire tenders also reached the spot but before it arrived the shop was almost consumed by the fire.\"We received the call at 3:10 am of the fire. Soon the brigades reached the spot. In four hours, the situation was brought under control,\" said Ishwarlal Jat, chief fire officer at the JMC.During inspection after the fire was controlled, Jhalani found the safe was uprooted and lying on the floor. \"The safe was taken out from the cupboard. It had around Rs 12,000 in it. Locks of the shutter were also found broken form the outside,\" Jhalani said.Pratap Nagar police has registered a case of theft and is investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16694064", "title": "Study to improve drinking water facility in state soon", "text": "RANCHI: The state drinking water and sanitation department will soon conduct a social and environmental assessment and study on capacity building to improve drinking water and sanitation in the state.Principal secretary, drinking water and sanitation, Sudhir Prasad said, \"Central drinking water and sanitation ministry has asked the World Bank to conduct this survey so that the ground realities are observed and after the formulation of their reports drinking water schemes at the village level are started.\"Recruitment is on for the study to take place. Prasad said, \"We have advertised for recruitment of a consultant for this purpose. The Central government has said the survey should be held by laggard states such as Jharkhand, Assam , Bihar and UP in the first phase of the programme. The entire process will take at least six months as first the recruitment will take place following which a detailed project report will be drafted and then other things will fall into place.\"The programme will continue for a period of six years. Prasad said, \"This will be the first year for the programme which will then move on to five more years within which period we will complete drinking water and sanitation work in all rural areas. There will be schemes made for rural areas and handed over to panchayats for implementation. Apart from that the panchayati raj institution (PRI), members will also be trained for capacity building.\"Prasad linked the entire plan with improvement in health status. He said, \"At present the pipe line for drinking water supply is only seven per cent in Jharkhand which we are expecting to raise to 25%. People mostly use either tubewell or pipe line supply water in rural areas. Using tubewell is good but the quality of water has to improve.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16693014", "title": "Professorial: Media coins new word to describe Barack", "text": "WASHINGTON: Media seems to have found a new word for President Barack Obama after his performance at the presidential debate at Denver \u2014 Professorial.Here's how some of the American papers used the word: \"But the president failed to respond effectively, drifting into his professorial demeanor and barely attempting to veil his annoyance with Romney,\" the Huffington Post said.\"For his part, Obama was pleasant and professorial, as if he were merely engaged in a ponderous academic discussion, rather than a political grudge match with enormous consequences,\" the Los Angeles Times said. According to Politico, the New York Times said: \"The pundits and prognosticators have spoken. The spinners and spinnees have gone home. President Obama may have sounded a bit too professorial, and Mitt Romney may have come energetic and ready to spar.\"The Chicago Tribune said that Romney, a former private equity executive, spoke in lists and was more concise than Obama, who has practiced unsuccessfully at tamping down his professorial style. \"Romney, however, did himself some favours with crisper answers than Obama, who sounded professorial and a bit long-winded despite his staff's best efforts to get him to give snappier comments,\" Reuters said.The New York Times editorial wrote, \"Obama chose to be polite and professorial, as if hoping that strings of details could hold up against blatant nonsense.\"\"But he seemed tense and defensive at times, and professorial, despite his staff's public urging that he shorten and lighten up his answers during three days of debate prep in a Las Vegas suburb,\" was POLITICO's take on Obama during the debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16693691", "title": "Wholesale onion markets come to a standstill", "text": "NASHIK: Wholesale onion markets across Nashik district came to a standstill on Friday following the row between traders and Mathadi workers over weight levy. The Agriculture Produce Marketing Committees (APMCs) decided to suspend the auctions.Onion auctions had affected the APMCs due to differences between traders and maparis (those who weigh onions) over electronic weighing. The APMCs took the decision to close the market transactions to avoid inconveniencing farmers who cart in their commodities to the APMCs.All the major APMCs in the district, including Lasalgaon, Yeola, Pimpalgaon, Chandvad and Niphad remained closed on Friday. The APMCs in the district wore a deserted look.In the past, weighing of onions was done manually and levy of 30 paisa per quintal were given to the maparis, who are part of the Mathadi workers. Presently, weighing of the commodity is being done on electronic weighing bridges. The commodity laden tractors or other vehicles are weighed on the electronic weighing bridges and thereafter they are again weighed after they are unloaded. After the auction, a mapari prepares a weight receipt and the concerned trader gives a levy of 30 paisa per quintal to the maparis on the basis of the weight receipt.But traders are now refusing to pay the levy to Mathadis on the pretext that the weight is not taken manually, but electronically. Traders want the receipt to carry the weighing machine number to indicate the electronic transaction, so that Mathadis cannot claim the levy of 30 paise per quintal.Speaking to TOI, a senior official from Lasalgaon APMC said, \"Both onion traders and maparis are adamant on their demands and that is causing inconvenience to the farmers bringing their commodity for auction in APMCs in the district. The meeting of traders and maparis on mentioning the electronic weighing machine number on weight receipt row is to be held with the state labour minister Hasan Mushrif on October 9. We will take the decision on recommencement of the APMCs following their decision in this regard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691036", "title": "Gosikhurd work on standstill since 6 months", "text": "NAGPUR: Amid the raging controversy over corruption in irrigation contracts, the Gosikhurd project, dubbed the Sardar Sarovar or Bhakra Nangal of Vidarbha, is facing the worst drought of funds. Already two decades behind schedule, works assigned to private contractors have almost come to a standstill since the last six months as the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) has not been able to pay their dues.Gosikhurd gets 90% funds from the central government under the Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP) with Maharashtra contributing the balance. Rs450 crore was due to be released in February this year, but not a single penny has been received. The state government's share of 10% of the central assistance comes to Rs45 crore. The money comes in quarterly instalments and so far only Rs14 crore has been received.The last tranche of funds - Rs650 crore - was received in March last year, which was exhausted within three months. Since June 2011 no fresh amount has been received for Gosikhurd. This means that VIDC has not been able to spend any amount on this vital project since the last 15 months.In the normal course, the funds should have been received by March this year. The contractors continued to work until then but when payments were not being made they gradually stopped work. \"Work has almost come to a standstill due to this reason,\" said VIDC's executive director Prafulchandra Zapke.Contractors had approached various political leaders including Nitin Gadkari to use their influence at the centre to get funds released. \"It is not Gadkari alone whom we had approached. Similar letters backing our demand have been written by Congress MP Vilas Muttemwar , MPCC president Manikrao Thakre, NCP state president Madhukar Pichad and heavy industries minister and NCP leader Praful Patel ,\" said a contractor. The Gosikhurd project, incidentally, falls in Patel's constituency of Bhandara.However, Gadkari's letter has created a controversy with the Congress, especially, alleging that he was pushing the case of Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Sancheti and BJP MLC Mitesh Bangadiya whose firms have got contracts in the project. Sources say that the duo's total dues are between Rs80 to Rs100 crore while the total liability towards all the contractors comes to over Rs500 crore.According to sources in VIDC, the political rivalry between Vijay Wadettiwar, the ex-minister of state for irrigation and also the Chimur MLA, and Bangadiya has led to work on Gosikhurd being paralysed. Wadettiwar had filed several complaints against Bangadiya with the Union minister of water resources for shoddy quality of work.It was due to these complaints that the ministry stopped the Rs450 crore instalment. Subsequently, the steering committee in the water resources ministry approved the payment. However, TOI learns that Wadettiwar then sent a fresh complaint which held up the funds again.In a latest development, the VIDC has been asked to send a fresh proposal for dues towards the contractors, which means it may take a few more months for them to get the money.Wadettiwar said that his complaint was about substandard work in his constituency. \"I did not insist on complete stoppage of funds,\" he told TOI.On his letter to the centre for release of funds, Muttemwar said, \"Unlike Gadkari, I did not seek funds for the contractors but for the project as a whole. I had demanded CBI enquiry into irregularities too.\"Times ViewIf and when it is finally built, Gosikhurd will stand less as an irrigation project and more as monument to government apathy, ineptitude and corruption. It is unfortunate that a project that by itself could have transformed agrarian economy of the region lies in such tatters. First, persistent neglect by Maharashtra government deprived it of funds. Then, when governor's directives and Central help brought in some money, it was siphoned off by a contractor-politician nexus. It has run the project completely aground. Perhaps, as an exceptional case, Central government should completely take it over. That may be the only way the project would ever be complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16693944", "title": "Government ignored plea to save Rs 1,000cr in dam project", "text": "MUMBAI: A survey contractor, Yash Engineers, wrote to the state government three years ago, suggesting that Rs 1,000 crore could be saved if the alignment of the left bank canal of the Lower Penganga irrigation project in Yavatmal district was altered. The contractor never received a reply from the government.On Friday, TOI reported how the project cost was increased from Rs 1,402 crore to an astronomical Rs 9,027 crore in August 2009 when a revised administrative approval was given. The approval came from the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) and the contracts were awarded to politically connected contractors. The project was put on hold in the wake of opposition outcry and remains so.The survey contractor followed up the initial submission with a detailed memorandum to the state water resources department in February 2010, where it spoke of faults in the project and suggested ways to save cost.\"We wish to bring to your notice the lacunae and engineering blunders committed by the sanctioning authorities... This has led to a technically imperfect and very costly water conveyance system.\" The contractor alleged that during survey, the executive engineer and other departmental officers did not allow it the minimum adequate time for performing \"accurate and good quality work\". These officers allegedly pushed the contractor to make haste citing the election code of conduct. Yash Engineers' memorandum said its alternate plan would reduce the cost by about Rs 1,000 crore.\"Even under adverse circumstances, we deputed to the work site our expert surveyors and design engineers and produced technically sound proposals. But they were not considered by the department and they approved their own technical proposals, which are most improper,\" said the letter.The surveyor further said the canal crosses the Penganga river at a location where very expensive aqueduct is needed. \"The cost of the aqueduct can be reduced from Rs 350 crore to Rs 125 crore by shifting its location from point D to point C,\" it said.Meanwhile, NCP MLC Sandeep Bajoriya on Friday admitted he received Rs 16 crore as advance for the Jigaon, Buldhana and Pedhi irrigation projects in Amravati. He was referring to a TOI report of October 4, which said that dam contractors received Rs 612 crore mobilisation advances from VIDC, defying rules.Bajoriya said, \"This (advance) was against due bank guarantee and with 13% interest levied on it. There is no wrongdoing involved.\" He said he had returned the Jigaon project advance last April. \"The Pedhi mobilization amount of Rs 7.5 crore given to me is already almost nullified against work done by me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692603", "title": "DMK's men in black hit the streets", "text": "CHENNAI: It was a 'black' day in Chennai on Friday as DMK leaders and cadres swarmed the streets dressed in black, enthused by their leader M Karunanidhi's decision to go in for a sartorial change, from white shirts to black. While Karunanidhi, sporting a new look with his black shirt and white shawl, kicked off the door-to-door pamphlet campaign against the AIADMK government near his Gopalapuram residence, the party's second line leaders spread out across the city.While residents were taken aback when Karunanidhi's son M K Stalin, daughter Kanimozhi and actor Kushboo knocked on their doors, what surprised them more was the fact that they were all in black - shirts or saris.While the protests by the men in black set off ripples across the city, the talk of the town was Karunanidhi's new attire. It was also the hot topic on Facebook and Twitter. Many DMK cadres \"shared\" pictures of Karunanidhi in a black shirt.The DMK chief announced that henceforth he would be dressed in black.Not to be left behind, cadres flocked garment shops. Textile businessmen said black readymade shirts sold like hot cakes intwo days. \"Due to the Sabarimala season, we had stocked a few hundred black shirts. But 600 hundred shirts were sold in two days. We have now placed fresh orders,\" said L Venkatakrishnan, owner of Sri Krishna Emporium in Parrys. It was the same story across the state.Addressing cadres on Friday, Karunanidhi remarked sarcastically, \"If police had given us permission for the human chain protest, it would have been confined to some areas in Chennai, Coimbatore or Madurai.\" The protest was aimed at condemning the government's alleged \"anti-people\" policies. Karunanidhi's wife Dayalu Ammal too joined in, sporting a black sari. Party seniors, including T R Baalu and Dayanidhi Maran were also present.Karunanidhi, who visited the party headquarters, also distributed pamphlets to commuters in nearby areas sitting in his car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691364", "title": "Plays by veteran actors, directors to be staged during 3-day Bengali drama fest", "text": "NAGPUR: It's a drama feast for Bengali community in the city as legendry actor Soumitra Chatterjee and noted theatre personality Rudraprasad Sengputa of Nandikar group from Kolkata will perform during the three-day drama festival beginning from October 12 at Dr Vasantrao Deshpande Hall.Organized jointly by The Bengali Education Society, Bengali Association and The Pashchim Nagpur Bangio Samiti of Nagpur, the festival will be inaugurated by eminent playwright Mahesh Elkunchwar on October 12 at 6.30 pm. The same day Soumitra Chatterjee, also recipient of Dadasaheb Phalke award, will present the play 'Tritiya Onko - Otoeb'. The play is based on auto-biography of Chatterjee in which he will be the leading actor while his daughter Poulomi Basu will play an important role.On the second day, 'Hridmajhare', an adaption from William Shakespeare's 'As you like it,' will be staged. This play, a Nandikar group production, was a mega hit in West Bengal recently. Prominent actors like - Anirban Ghosh, Bindiya Ghosh and Anirban Roy Chowdhury - will act in the play.The drama festival will conclude with Bhishma Sahni's play 'Madhavi' on October 14. The play is directed by noted actress Swatilekha Sengupta. Another legendary actor Rudraprasad Sengupta will be the main actor supported by Swatilekha and Dev Shankar Haldar. Entry for all the plays will be strictly by invitation. Those interested may contact Ajit Bose on 9403770230 or call Bengali Education Society, office on Dinanath High School premises, Dhantoli, for invitation cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16692655", "title": "Caging parrots is against the law: Activists", "text": "COIMBATORE: An animal rescue organization in the city says that caging parrots is against the law citing schedule 4 of the Wildlife Protection Act (1972). To create awareness about laws regarding birds and to put an end to cruelty towards animals, they will be conducting an awareness programme at the Brooke fields Mall on Saturday evening in the city.\"Parrots are among the most common species which are kept in cages, at times cruelly,\" says Joseph Reginald a volunteer for 'Animal Rescuers', a students' organisation constituting animal lovers. At the same time most people are unaware this is an offence, he says. A survey conducted among parrot owners in the city revealed that all of them thought that it was a domestic bird that could be caged.However, many cases are unreported as people are unaware that this is an offence. Caging any Indian bird is illegal as they are categorized under wild animals and are thus protected by the wildlife protection act. Only exotic and foreign birds don't fall under this category.Parrots that are most commonly kept as pets include the Indian hanging parrot and the rose-ringed parakeet, he says. There are a few species of parakeets in India. There are around a dozen parakeets in the country including the Blue Winged, Nicobar, and others apart from the two mentioned above.Activists say that caging birds or clipping their wings is a punishable offence. N I Jalluddin, president of Nature Conservation Society (NCS) says that many cases of cruelty to birds go unreported. Caged birds may not survive for more than two years. \"Even if they live, they will not be able to fly confidently. Unless the cage is big enough for the birds to move around comfortably, it is a case of cruelty,\" he says.In the last one year, around 600 birds have been rescued in the district by animal welfare activists and forest officials. 'Animal Rescuers' will use 350kgs of rice to create a cartoon with a message against cruelty towards parrots. The rice will later be distributed to birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16691156", "title": "DLF gave Vadra property cheap to get favours from Congress: Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: India Against Corruption (IAC) activists Prashant Bhushan and Arvind Kejriwal on Friday alleged that realty giant DLF gave properties, currently valued at around Rs 500 crore, to Sonia Gandhi's son-in law Robert Vadra at grossly undervalued rates in exchange for favours it allegedly received from Congress state governments in Haryana, Rajasthan and Delhi.The allegations attracted a sharp response from Congress leaders who accused the activists of \"blackmail\" and claimed they were violating the basic principles of decency. The leaders sought to downplay these allegations, saying they were based on papers that have been in the public domain. They spoke of \"teaching a lesson\" to \"irresponsible\" activists.They dubbed the allegations as mischievous and motivated, questioned the competence of the activists to level charges and suggested that the allegations were timed to hurt Congress in the Gujarat elections.Bhushan and Kejriwal, who launched a political party on Monday, told a crowded press conference that five companies promoted by Robert Vadra and his mother, Maureen Vadra, with a combined share capital of Rs 50 lakh, and with no obvious revenue stream, acquired at least 31 properties in the three states between 2007 and 2010 after getting an unsecured, interest-free loan of Rs 65 crore from DLF. Priyanka Gandhi was also initially a director in the companies, but quit soon, they said.IAC demands independent probe into 'quid pro quo'Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan claimed on Friday that the Vadras acquired all the properties \u2014 the 114-room Hilton Garden Inn Hotel in South Delhi, a 10,000 sq feet penthouse in Gurgaon's DLF Aralias complex, seven flats in Gurgaon's DLF Magnolia, an apartment in Capital Greens in Delhi, a plot in Greater Kailash-II and 20 plots of land spread over Haryana in Gurgaon's Hayyatpur and Hasanpur, in Manesar, Palwal and Mewat and Bikaner in Rajasthan.The activists distributed documents to buttress their claim that Robert and Maureen Vadra paid relatively small amounts for the properties. For instance, they paid Rs 32 crore for a 50% stake in Hilton Hotel, Saket, which they valued to be worth anything between Rs 150 and 300 crore. For the DLF Aralias penthouse, allegedly worth in the region of Rs 25-40 crore, they paid Rs 89 lakh. \"Why would DLF first give an unsecured interest-free loan to the Vadras and then sell its properties at throwaway prices to them,\" wondered Bhushan.The reaction of the Congress was ferocious, with the party scrambling to wheel out its heavy artillery. A battery of Union ministers, including I&B; minister Ambika Soni , law minister Salman Khurshid , environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan , and minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla, along with party spokespersons came out to defend Vadra.The Haryana and Delhi governments promptly denied any wrongdoings. Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said, \"We did not give any concession to anyone. We did not allot even a single inch of land to anyone. I had asked officials to do everything in a transparent manner and in the interest of the state.\" DLF, too, came out with a statement to stress that the transactions were in accordance with the \"highest standards of ethics\".Citing favours that DLF has received from Congress governments, Bhushan and Kejriwal pointed out that the DLF Magnolia complex was built on 350 acres of land in Gurgaon which was acquired by Congress's Haryana government for \"public purpose\" but was transferred to the real estate company. \"Villagers from whom the land was taken were told that the acquisition was for setting up an industry,\" they said.When asked how the allegations concerned the Congress, Prashant Bhushan said, \"The land acquisition has been done in Delhi, Rajasthan and Haryana... all led by Congress governments... and we know who the leader of the Congress is.\" He also promised to make more disclosures on the matter, stressing that the documents he has submitted were from the Registrar of Companies.Demanding an independent investigation into the sources of funding , Bhushan and Kejriwal said the whole business smacked of a quid pro quo. They said that only an independent probe would serve the purpose as none of the government agencies, the CBI or the Income Tax department, could probe Vadra, whom they described as the \"sarkari damaad\".Click here to read the full text of the press release on Robert Vadra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16692055", "title": "Control violence or face action, say cops to pubs", "text": "GURGAON: Police commissioner K K Sindhu warned the city's pub and bar owners that if any case of pub brawl or violence came up again, the owner and manager of the pub and bar concerned will also be booked.The commissioner said this at a meeting with pub and bar operators and mall management officials on Thursday. \"We said clearly to pub and bar operators and owners that violations of the law will not be tolerated. We asked them to follow the guidelines properly, shut down their pubs and bars at the stipulated time and no bouncer will be deployed in any pub or bar. We also issued some directions to mall managements to maintain law and order, especially during the nighttime. If anyone violates the rules and regulations we will take strict action against the violators,\" Sindhu told TOI. According to a source, during the meeting a bar operator complained to the police commissioner that some bars were open beyond their time limits, but when Sindhu asked him to identify the bar, the bar operator did not reveal the name. On Wednesday Sindhu told police officers to ensure that pubs and bars in their areas were closed in time. Police should also conduct checks of the licences of pubs and bars, verification of their employees, and see if the bars have the permission of the excise department for their opening times. On March 21 this year Gurgaon police had set a 10-day deadline for pub owners to replace their bouncers with \"well-mannered\" security guards from registered security agencies. Police had also asked them to ensure more lighting at the gates, installation of cameras, proper uniform with the logo of the pubs, IDs as well as \"profiles\" of their visitors. Police had issued the guidelines to pub and bar owners of the city in a meeting following the abduction of a 23-year-old from outside Sahara Mall and gang-raped her on March 12. But after some days violence started to revisit bars. \"I always follow the guidelines. I replaced my bouncers with security guards. There has been no case of brawl or violence in my bar,\" claimed Shamsher Singh, owner of Mozo bar in DT City Center Mall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692248", "title": "5 lakh residents on the egde over status of homes, but no action taken against officials", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as five lakh citizens wait with uncertainly to know whether their homes will remain intact, the state government and the BMC have not moved to initiate any action against officials responsible for their plight.It was in 1957 that the forest department first issued notices to private forest land owners across the state asking them to prove that the land is not forest land. In Mumbai, notices were issued to areas in Thane, Mulund, Bhandup, Nahur, Mahul, Borivli, Kandivli, Virar, Badlapur and Ambernath.A hearing was to be held within six months and decisions taken. For decades, nothing happened. The BMC in its Development Plans of 1967 and 1991 deemed these as residential areas.Y P Singh, lawyer and activist said Supreme Court rulings state that public servants are responsible for any unauthorised construction that comes up, and action should be taken against them. \"However, under the Maharashtra Pension Rules and the All India Service Rules, action against a retired government servant can be taken only up to four years. Many of them would have retired and the timelimit is also over. While departmental action cannot be taken against them, the government can still initiate criminal proceedings under the Prevention of Corruption Act where there is no time limit,'' he said.Vinod Sampat, an expert on housing laws said it was negligence of the officers that has caused suffering to lakhs of residents. \"If a citizen commits a wrong then the government penalises him heavily. However, government servants have no accountability at all. It is time the government makes its officers accountable and does not allow them to get away under the 'done in good faith' clause,'' he said.So far, only the revenue and forests department has initiated a departmental inquiry against A R Salunkhe, former conservator of forests who, according to the government, wrongly classified the private forest land as barren land, thereby reducing its net present value.Residents pointed out that Salunkhe was the only officer who worked in the interest of the citizens and was being punished for it. \"He showed that the land on which our societies stand have actually been barren land. For this he is facing an inquiry,'' they said.Times View : Residents are paying for government inefficiency, apathyThe private forest land controversy seems to have reached its denouement with the residents' decision but this does not alter the fact that they are paying because of government mistakes and apathy. Flat buyers are now paying for goof-ups , deliberate or inadvertent, made by some babus some years ago. The lack of serious government action against officials indicates an unacceptable degree of condoning of bureaucratic sloth and inefficiency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16694007", "title": "Heritage conservation efforts get a boost", "text": "Unique in its architectural, artistic and religious expressions of traditional Indian culture, the ancient city of Varanasi is now part of a major heritage conservation programme jointly organised by the ministry of urban development, Government of India and the World Bank. The project, called Inclusive Heritage Resource based City Development strategy (IHCDS) will cover the three Indian cities of Varanasi, Hyderabad and Ajmer-Pushkar in its first phase. \"We made a presentation on the identified heritage sites of the city at the three-day workshop on IHCDS organised by CEPT University, Ahmedabad from October 1-3,\" Sachchidanand Singh, the additional municipal commissioner, told TOI on Friday after returning from Ahmedabad. The main objective of the workshop was to discuss various approaches like integration of urban heritage resource management aspects with the overall city development strategy. The workshop was organised in association with World Bank, Cities Alliance and UNESCO.\"We are going to hold a city level workshop in November to discuss the preparation of a detailed project report (DPR) for this purpose,\" said Singh, adding that CEPT University would provide technical support for the heritage conservation and development. \"This project is taking the current ongoing Varanasi Master Plan 2011-2031 in its framework, heritage being the core, as resource for sustainable planning and cultural development,\" said Prof Rana PB Singh, who is in the Board of expert advisors. Singh is a professor of Cultural Geography and Heritage Studies at Banaras Hindu University (BHU), and associated as a representative from India in the UNESCO Heritage and World Bank project.The millennia old city, an important centre for religious tourism in India, is also a gateway to the Buddhist circuit. According to Singh, the city has about 3500 Hindu temples as mentioned in various scriptures out of which 1300 are identified and well described in the Puranas. Besides, there are over 1300 Muslim sacred places in the city, which include Mosques, Mazars, Imamchauk, Takiya, Idgah, Imambara and others. Singh had attempted to get the heritage properties of the city inscribed in the UNESCO Heritage List in April 1992 through a letter to the UNESCO. He made another attempt in 2002 with the cooperation of a local NGO to prepare three volumes of heritage properties' inventory covering heritage zones and sites, and riverfront and old city heritage zone. Several attempts were made later too but no proper management plans or structural designs were finalised.The conservation of heritage sites and properties of the city has also been included in the city development plan prepared under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). The heritage components in JNNURM include ghats, temples, old city, sacred kunds, and pilgrimage route.The city's ghats are wellknown. The crescent shaped bank of Ganga houses 84 ghats on the western bank spread over a distance of 6.8 km. Several rituals and religious ceremonies are associated with these ghats and pilgrims travel from all over the country for prayers, holy dips, cremations and religious offerings. The city is also famous for its temples. Some of the important temples include Kashi Vishwanath, Sankat Mochan temple, Tulsi Manas temple,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16691216", "title": "Murder solved after a year", "text": "GHAZIABAD: With the arrest of two people almost after one year, police have claimed to crack the murder case of a 76-year-old wife of a retired IRS at her residence in the upscale Kavi Nagar area of Ghaziabad on December 19, 2011. Both the accused are residents of Ghaziabad and regularly visited the deceased's house to play pool in the club run by her husband, Yograj Juneja.The police said that the accused have been identified as Sonu and Manoj, both residents of Sihani Gate area. Cops said Sonu is a gym trainer by profession and the two accused, along with three other associates, hatched a plan in the gym to carry out a robbery.The victim, Prakash Juneja, was a retired official of Delhi education department. The incident occurred at night on December 19, 2011. Prakash was found dead on the first floor of her house due to suffocation after the accused tied and gagged her during the burglary. tnnThe Police after the incident had suspected that two or three unidentified assailants might have barged into the victim's first-floor room, while her husband and domestic help were busy at the billiards club on the ground floor.On asked about the motive behind the murder, the official said, \"The motive was just to commit burglary. They tied the gagged victim's mouth with a piece of cloth, which caused her death due to suffocation. The police had found her dead on a chair. The rooms were ransacked.\"\"The couple had no children and the police after incident had said that the boys, who often came to play billiards, would also be questioned but it took almost one year to crack the case, which showcase the maligned investigation of the Ghaziabad police.Three accused including Dinesh and Vishwas are still at large and the police have launched manhunt to nab other culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16692648", "title": "Tenant held in Tirupur triple murder case", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tirupur police have arrested a 45-year-old man from the city on Friday in connection with the triple murder committed in Vellakoil in Tirupur district earlier this week. The accused was taken into custody from Town Hall in the city where he was reportedly hiding at the residence of a woman acquainted with him for the past few years. Police claimed that P Sankar alias Thangapillai decided to commit the murders when he incurred heavy financial loss after he took the victim's agriculture plot on lease for farming. They also added that the accused chose to commit the crime during power outage in the locality to ensure that he could decamp from the area without any major hassle.\"Sankar knew that the victims were staying alone in the farmhouse and decided to murder them and decamp with valuables and money from the house. He was known to the victim and his family members for the past seven years,\" said K Palanisamy, Inspector (Law and Order), Vellakoil police station, Tirupur.Police began a massive hunt for the accused since Tuesday after KV Periyasamy (75), his second wife P Santhamani (50), and mother-in-law Raamathal (80) were found with their heads smashed with a heavy log at the farm house in Kadaiyuran Valasu village in Tirupur district. According to police, Sankar originally hailed from Karur district and had taken Periyasamy's farm land on lease in 2010. But he suffered financial losses and owed more than a lakh rupees to many people. He was under severe stress to repay them.\"Sankar knew that all three victims were staying in the farm and were easy targets. He came and called Periyasamy out to the field late Monday night and attacked him with a wooden log. Ramaathal was sitting next to the main door and he attacked her with same log. There was no power supply in the locality and though there was UPS at the house only few lights were burning when the crime was committed,\" Palanisamy added.After assaulting the husband and wife, Sankar went inside the house and intercepted Santhamani as she was rushing towards the front door and attacked her in a similar manner. He later searched the entire house and found about Rs 10,000 from an almirah and snatched a six sovereign gold chain from Santhamani, who was then lying in a pool of blood. Sankar emerged as a suspect when police during the probe found him missing from the area after the deaths. Some of his local friends were questioned and police came to know that he constantly used to visit a woman in Coimbatore. A special team was sent to her residence and Sankar was arrested from her residence, according to police. He was produced before a judicial magistrate and remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16694066", "title": "UGC team to study BIT Sindri's demand for academic autonomy", "text": "SINDRI: A four-member UGC team arrived here on Friday to study the feasibility of granting academic autonomy to BIT Sindri, the lone government engineering college of the state.While the team members refused to talk to press saying they would not say anything before submitting their report to UGC chairman, Prof G Kumar of the institute, who is coordinating with the visiting team, informed that on the first day of their two-day visit, the UGC team members along with two representatives from the state science and technology department and one from the Vinoba Bhave University (VBU), Hazaribag visited all the departments of the institute and took note of the available infrastructural facilities along with the number of faculty members, support staff, students in each department of engineering and the condition of laboratories.The team members also visited the institute library to know of the number of books and journals available there besides subscription of e-journals. They visited the dispensary inside the campus and state-run public health centre situated by the side of the institute to know about the medical facilities available to the students and staff members. The team visited the sports ground and enquired about sports facilities provided inside the campus.The UGC members held detailed discussion with the students and non-gazetted employees of the institute to ascertain whether they are aware of the academic autonomy to be granted to the institute. Almost all of them reportedly welcomed the move and told the team that they have no objection if the institute was granted academic autonomy.VBU, Hazaribag to which BIT, Sindri is affiliated and the state science and technology department has already cleared the proposal for granting academic autonomy to the institute. Once it is granted, the academic activities of the institute would be governed by a Board of Governors (BOG) comprising eminent personalities from industries and academia, Prof Kumar said adding that the institute will be able to design the course curriculum on its own under the supervision of the BOG without getting into the nitty-gritty of seeking prior approval from the state and the university.This apart, the institute will also be able to introduce new courses including some self-financed courses, Prof Kumar said adding that courses as per the need of the industry can also be designed to meet the requirement of the industry with an aim to increase industry-academia interaction. The academic autonomy will open an entire new vista for the institute as it can also get big research projects from industries involving both students and the faculty members to be conducted under direct supervision of the concerned industry, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16694054", "title": "2 more suspected swine flu cases", "text": "KANPUR: Two more suspected cases of swine flu ( H1N1 influenza) were reported in city here on Friday. The test samples have been sent to KGMC, Lucknow while the patients are being treated at Lala Lajpat Rai hospital. With this, the count of suspected swine flu patients has reached to five in city for this season till now.According to the doctors both the swine flu suspected patients are critical and kept under intensive care unit. Both the patients are girls and have brought the infection from other cities. One Roshni (20) daughter of Shiv Prakash from Fatehpur is being treated at LLR. She was brought to the hospital on Monday and her condition is continuously deteriorating. Similar is the case of Monika Jha (22) daughter of Dinesh Jha from Rawatpur. Monika is studying in Bihar and came home after getting ill. She was admitted to LLR on Thursday.According to the doctors, both these patients were showing symptoms similar to swine flu. Hence, their samples have been sent to KGMC for testing. Talking to TOI, DR AK Saxena, Deputy Chief Medical Officer, informed that among the previous suspected cases, only one was proved positive till now.Importantly, as per the protocol in H1N1 treatment, its very important to maintain quarantine while the condition of Lala Lajpat Rai hospital is not hidden from anyone. Worse is that even after knowing the poor condition and flooded wards of LLR, the health authorities seem to forgot to take immediate action in shifting the cases to swine flu ward of Ursala Horseman Hospital, which is somehow in better condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16691556", "title": "Robotics workshop at People\u2019s College", "text": "BHOPAL: Students designed robots on the first day of the two-day zonal-level robotics workshop and competition that began at People's Engineering College on Friday. Around 130 students from 25 engineering colleges of Bhopal are participating in the workshop.At the end of the workshop, a competition will be organized among participating students. The winner of the competition will be awarded a merit certificate. Besides, the winner of the competition will participate in the TRYST 2013 which will be held in IIT, Delhi. TRYST 2013 is a national robotics competition where teams selected from various zonal rounds contest.\"The workshop is designed in such way that it is best suited to beginners who are taking their first step towards robotics. The workshop deals with designing various kinds of electronic sensors, circuits and their use in making autonomous robots without using a microcontroller,\" said people's engineering college's professor Prasenjeet Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16691192", "title": "Sangvekar gets one-up on Gagan", "text": "PUNE: It's not often that you find an athlete who wins a competition and then confides that she almost gave the race a miss. But that's Talasha Prabhu for you.The unassuming 19-year-old from Goa swam one of the fastest races to win the 100m free style women's event in 59.71 seconds for her second gold medal of the Enerzal Senior national aquatic championships here on Friday.There was no question about Virdhawal Khade's class. The 21-year-old from Kolhapur put on another imperious performance to clinch the men's gold in the 100m free style in 50.53 seconds, which also earned him a 'B' qualification for the next year's World Championships in Barcelona .Saurabh Sangvekar set the record straight by outclassing his Karnataka teammate Gagan AP in the 1500m free style event. Sangvekar finished n 15 minutes 55.81 seconds, nearly 14 seconds ahead of Gagan (16:09.25).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16693774", "title": "Gail\u2019s pipeline project draws residents\u2019 ire", "text": "KANNUR: A group of residents are opposing the Gas Authority of India Limited (Gail) plan to lay liquefied natural gas (LNG) pipeline from Kochi to Mangalore through their localities, saying it was risky.\"Though Gail has not received complete permission for the project, we have information that it has already started work on it at Kumbala in Kasaragod. This is against the interest of the people,\" said A Gopalan, district chairman, Gas Pipeline Victims' Forum , at a press conference here on Friday.Though the national environmental engineering research institute ( NEERI) has suggested that a security distance of 650 metres should be maintained on both sides of the pipeline, Gail is planning to take it through densely populated areas, said members of the forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16691831", "title": "Naveen mum on FDI stand", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After remaining non-committal on FDI in multi-brand retail, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Friday said the BJD would make its stand clear on FDI in insurance and pension in Parliament. \"The matter (FDI in insurance and pension) will come up in the Parliament. We will keep our opinion on it on the floor of the Parliament,\" Naveen said here. He said the regional party would take a decision on the issue after consultations with senior party leaders.Naveen maintaining a tight lip on FDI after strongly opposing entry of foreign companies with majority stakes in multi-brand retail last year has triggered speculation of the BJD president having a relook into the subject. \"Naveen is possibly weighing his options. In the changed political scenario, especially dissident BJD MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra allegedly an aborted coup against him on May 29 and the more recent withdrawal of Trinamul Congress's support to the UPA government, Naveen is seemingly wary of taking a stand on contentious issues like FDI. He is perhaps biding his time to gauge the public mood,\" a senior BJD leader observed.BJD sources said the party is divided over the FDI issue with some leaders, including an influential MP, favouring the latest round of economic reforms unleashed by the Manmohan Singh government. \"Some are supporting FDI while others are against it. Therefore, Naveen does not want to take a stand and wants to wait at least till the next session of Parliament which could be in December,\" a BJD source noted.The Centre's decision to allow FDI into multi-brand retail as such does not affect Odisha as presently no city in the state has a population of 10 lakh (Bhubaneswar, going by the 2011 census, has 8.37 lakh people). \"The Centre has left the decision to state governments. We will examine it thoroughly and do whatever is best for Odisha,\" Naveen had said on September 15, reacting to the Centre's decision to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail.Last November, Naveen had resisted FDI in multi-brand retail and demanded its rollback. The chief minister, in a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on November 28, 2011, had urged Singh to reconsider the matter and withdraw the policy immediately. \"In our considered view this policy is ill advised and highly regressive,\" Naveen had held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16692951", "title": "Cameron to visit India in 2013; 2nd trip in 30 months", "text": "LONDON: Prime Minister David Cameron is set to visit India for a second time in less than 30 months with the British government enthusiastically welcoming the Indian cabinet's decision to open up the insurance and pension sectors. Cameron is prepared to ignore the protocol of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's return visit to Britain before he can undertake another trip. A diplomatic source confirmed \"mutually convenient dates are being looked at\".The new minister responsible for India at the British foreign office, Hugo Swire, said Cameron will be visiting New Delhi \"early in the New Year\" during a seminar on India-UK relations at the International Institute for Strategic Studies.Asked to comment on the cabinet decision on foreign direct investment (FDI) in insurance and pension funds, Swire replied, \"I'd like to react extremely positively. It's an extraordinarily exciting development.\"Either with or around the time of Cameron's visit, Britain will despatch a trade mission which could include Tesco, UK's biggest supermarket chain which is a candidate to increase its investment in multi-brand retail in India. It already has a joint venture with the Tatas.Cameron's trip to India will be preceded by a visit by William Hague, British foreign secretary, who will meet his counterpart, S M Krishna, the external affairs minister, and other senior government officials.High on the agenda of both sides is increased cooperation in the areas of counter-terrorism and security to meaningfully consolidate the strategic ties between the two countries. Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai, passing through London , said, \"Exchange of actionable intelligence in real time is important.\"Mathai also emphasized on UK's support to build a consensus for India's membership of the four multilateral export control regimes on nuclear matters. Swire responded India could count on the UK's support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "16692198", "title": "Two held for duping investors of Rs 5 crore", "text": "AURANGABAD: The crime branch of the Aurangabad police on Thursday arrested two of the seven suspects, who were on the run for the past four months after being booked by the city police for allegedly duping investors to the tune of Rs 5 crore.The two, Vilas Eknath Shinkar (58) and his son Sachin (24), residents of Parola in Jalgaon district, were produced in court on Friday and were remanded in police custody till October 9, said assistant inspector Arjun Pawar.Pawar said seven people, including three women, had been booked by the Cidco police on June 7 following a complaint by Madhukar Badrinath Shinkar (47) of Nigdi in Pune. He had invested a sum of Rs 3 lakh in the duo's firm.The seven suspects, including the father son duo, arrested on Thursday, and Vijay Prabhakar Khodge (35), Yogeeta Vijay Khodge (30), Prabhakar Pandharinath Khodge (55), Sindhu Prabhakar Khodge (50) and Vidya Prabhakar Khodge had started an investment firm 'Shri Swami Samarth Investment Services' in 2008 in Pawannagar area of Aurangabad.The suspects promised investors a return of double the amount within one year of their investment through investment in stock market. However, after collecting the sum, the seven disappeared from the city about four months ago.After Shinkar lodged his complaint, many other investors who were cheated also came forward and informed the police about their investments to the tune of Rs 5.12 crore, said Pawar.The police received a tip off that two of the suspects were staying in Parola in Jalgaon district. Subsequently the police reached the village and arrested the duo from Parola on Thursday night, Pawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16696543", "title": "Committee to resolve grievances of Marathi academy", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has notified a committee under the chairmanship of Vishnu Surya Wagh to inquire into and give recommendations pertaining to the grievances of staff of Gomantak Marathi Academy (GMA) relating to their salaries and service conditions. The chief minister, in his budget speech had announced to form the committee to look into the grievances GMA staffers. Other members on the committee are Pandurang Madkaikar, Cumbharjua MLA, Subhash Faldessai, Sanguem MLA, Lavu Mamledar, Ponda MLA, Pramod Sawant, Sanquelim MLA, Naresh Sawal, Bicholim MLA and director, official language as member secretary. The committee will suggest taking suitable measures for completion of Marathi Bhavan in a time bound manner. \"To inquire if the funds allotted by the government to the academy have been utilized for the purposes for which it was granted\", said in the order issued by Prakash Vazrikar, director &amp; ex officio joint secretary (official language). The committee shall submit inquiry report with its recommendations to the Government within two months from the date of publishing this Notification in Official Gazette. The non-official members of the Committee shall be entitled for TA &amp; seating honorarium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691912", "title": "Didn't handle Adarsh file: IPS officer", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior IPS officer Sanjay Barve on Friday told the Adarsh judicial commission that he did not handled the society's file \"at any point\". Barve's father, S V Barve, a retired professor, was allotted a 2BHK flat in Adarsh for Rs 65 lakh.Barve, an inspector general level officer, is currently serving as director of state police training academy at Nagpur. The commission had earlier grilled Barve's wife, Sharmila, who had loaned Rs 50 lakh to her father-in-law for the purchase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16691464", "title": "Pregnant woman diagnosed with H1N1", "text": "BANGALORE: A pregnant woman Nalini, 24, from Hoskote, is suffering from Influenza A (H1N1) and has been admitted to a city hospital.The mother of one child was admitted to Narayana Super Specialty Hospital, Malleswaram with symptoms of pneumonia on September 29. The hospital sent her blood samples to Lalpath Laboratory, New Delhi, which confirmed she is suffering from H1N1 .\"The patient is in a critical condition and we have put her on a ventilator. The case is more complicated because she is pregnant,\" said Dr V Narayanaswamy, CEO of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16691812", "title": "Sailana tower to be \u2018Qutub Minar of Madhya Pradesh\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: Sailana town in Ratlam district, known for its famous cactus garden and the Kharmor Bird Sanctuary also has a historical tower which the government is planning to promote as the 'Qutub Minar of Madhya Pradesh'.The local administration along with the tourism department has already begun working on the plan, informed SDM Sailana Niyaz Ahmed Khan. The restoration and beautification work of the (Kirti stambha) tower and its surroundings is under progress. Eventually a tourist bus would ply from the tower to take the visiting tourists on a trip to the well-known cactus garden of Sailana and the Kharmor bird sanctuary.Speaking to TOI Dr Pradeep Singh Rao, professor of political science at Sailana college, who has also done some research on Sailana and its history, informed that the 155 feet (47 meter) stone and lime stone historical tower was constructed by the erstwhile king of Sailana Jaswant Singh (1859-1919) to commemorate the completion of 100 years of the British rule and also to have a high vantage point from where he along with his guests could watch the Kharmor (Lesser Florican) and at times even tigers. The Kharmor used to be seen in abundance then, while today it is an endangered specie.The government established the Sailana sanctuary in 1983 for the protection and conservation of Kharmor.Dr Singh informed that construction of the Kirti stambha began in March 1895 and it was completed in January 1919. It is said that on a clear day buildings in Ratlam, which are 18 km from here could be seen from the tower. According to Dr Singh, when there were not so many buildings around one could see the lights of the tower from Naugawan, which is 48 km from Sailana towards Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16693002", "title": "Literary festival: Capital to host a bevy of writers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The capital will play host to some of the most promising talents making waves in modern Indian writing during the two-day Kovalam Literary Festival (KLF), which begins on Saturday.Indian-born British writer Farrukh Dhondy, Timeri N Murari, Biman Nath, Sonia Faleiro, N S Madhavan, C P Surendran, Malayalam writer Benyamin, film critic Anna M M Vetticad and Israeli authors Sarai Shavit and Dorit Rabinyan are among those expected at the fifth edition of the fest.Booker-nominated Jeet Thayil was the star at the New Delhi leg of the event this year. The 53-year-old's reading of his novel 'Narcopolis' and his free-wheeling discussion with publisher David Davidar and Swapan Dasgupta were among the highlights of the KLF in New Delhi.The Thiruvanthapuram leg of the festival, to be held at the Kanakakunnu Palace, will consist of 15 sessions. The event will open with the fifth Annual K C John Memorial Lecture by public health specialist and activist Dr Binayak Sen at 10am.Book reading sessions by Dhondy (London Company) N S Madhavan (Litanies of Dutch Battery), Rabiyan (Our Weddings), Faleiro (Beautiful Thing: Inside the Secret World of Bombay's Dance Bar), Murari (The Taliban Cricket Club), Vetticad (The Adventures of an Intrepid Film Critic) and Nilanjana Roy (The Wildings), will follow. Suresh Menon will anchor a session on 'The Evolving Indian Novel' at 11am on Saturday.The next session will feature Israel's Shavit, the author of 'India Express' in conversation with Monisha Rajesh, author of 'Around India in 80 Trains'.Biman Nath's 'The Tattooed Fakir', a work of historical fiction will be launched at a ceremony at 3pm, followed by a discussion on 'Colonial India in Indian Writing' with Naresh Fernandes, author of 'Taj Mahal Fox Trot'.Upcoming writer Aroon Raman, who debuted with the novel 'The Shadow Throne' recently, will discuss 'Thriller as an Indian Genre' with Abhisar Sharma, author of 'The Eye of the Predator'. Roderick Mathews' (Jinnah and Gandhi) conversation with Dhondy will be another highlight of day one at the KLF.Kanakakunnu Palace will witness discussions, talks and a book-release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16693623", "title": "\u2018GenNext too smart to fall in terror trap\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Lt Gen (retd) Kuldeep Singh Brar's warning that \"Akalis are mixing politics with religion\", which might take Punjab back to the insurgency-ridden '80s, has few takers here. Commentators and experts believe a full-scale revival of militancy is unlikely.Former DGP J F Ribeiro points out that conditions are not viable any more for militancy to thrive in Punjab. \"The terrorists cannot get the most crucial thing required for any movement \u2014 people's participation. The youth's inclination is no longer towards religion-based violence and that's the oxygen terrorists earlier thrived on.\"But national intelligence outfits have been concerned about signs of a militant comeback in Punjab for some time. As former home minister P Chidambaram recently put it: \"Punjab is by no means free of all terrorism-related activities. We are keeping a watch. We have inputs that some individuals and groups are busy trying to revive terrorism in Punjab.\"But not many believe it can happen. Ashutosh Kumar, professor of political science at Panjab University, says militancy can't make a comeback as there's no urge among the younger generation to \"fall into the terrorism trap\" .Kuldeep Singh, head of political science at Guru Nanak Dev University agrees. \"There can be like-minded people who support the cause of a separate state and all such people could converge at places like the memorial coming up in the Golden Temple. But terrorism cannot be revived,\" he says. But there's some concern about the state government's stand on the issue. \"People of the state do not support terrorism today. But the tacit support lent by the state government to troublemakers can be dangerous ,\" says Dr Amarjit Singh, a medical practitioner in Chandigarh.The construction of a memorial inside the Golden Temple has added fuel to the debate. The memorial will become a \"rallying point for terrorists\" , Lt Gen Brar has warned. But Rajesh Gill of Panjab University says: \"Faith is never rational and logical. Call them terrorists or martyrs, this issue (of the memorial) must not be blown out of proportion. GenNext is smart enough.\"However, some believe Brar's warnings have substance. \"He is correct in saying the memorial could fuel sentiments which could again encourage terrorists to disturb the Punjab's hard-earned peace,\" says Amarjit Singh, a medical practitioner in Amritsar . Others feel the Golden Temple cannot be allowed to suffer the same mistake. \"The memorial is in the temple complex where people come to pray. It can't become a rallying point for terrorists. Sikhs aren't terrorists,\" said advocate Jaswinder Singh in Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692636", "title": "Die is caste", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The die is caste. If the previous two assembly elections in Gujarat revolved around communal issues, this time around the caste politics is likely to influence political fortunes.BJP, which rode to power largely due to a large following among Patels, is banking on other castes to sail through safely this time. Former chief minister Keshubhai Patel , who has a substantial following among Leuva Patels, is mobilizing support in the community in his bid to oust chief minister Narendra Modi .While Modi offers an olive branch to Muslims through his Sadbhavana mission, his core vote bank continues to be the majority community. And, the BJP is particularly wooing votes among the scheduled caste and scheduled tribe sections of the society.Traditionally, Dalits were never seen as a core BJP support base. But, the situation changed after 2002 riots. With the recent developments in Surendranagar, which has been on the boil for a fortnight due to death of three dalit youths in police firing in Thangadh, leaders in both BJP and Congress are monitoring the developments very closely. About 13 seats out of the total 182 in Gujarat are reserved for the scheduled castes (SC). And, though the recent tension being limited to Surendranagar, leaders believe it could impact political fortunes in other parts of the state as well. Also, both political parties are in an overdrive to woo the tribal voters as 27 seats are reserved for scheduled tribes candidates.According to the National Sample Survey STs constitute to 20.47 per cent in rural areas while the same in urban areas was 3.93 per cent. And, SC population constitute 11.21 per cent in rural area while 9.09 population was SC in urban areas.Similarly, other backward classes constitute 44.71 per cent population in rural area while 27.80 per cent constitute in urban areas. Of the 13 SC seats about three fall in municipal corporation areas. These are Danilimda and Asarwa in Ahmedabad and Vadodara city in Vadodara.\"Traditionally, Congress has produced good dalit leaders over years. No wonder, BJP plans to field fresh faces this time to consolidate in these pockets,\" says a senior BJP leader.The biggest example is that of former additional chief secretary R M Patel who is likely to contest from reserved seat, most probably Kadi or Asarwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692001", "title": "HC stays govt bid to take over golf course", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government's ambitious bid to take over 77.7 acres of prime land at Nandanam on Anna Salai, leased for 30 years to the Tamil Nadu Golf Federation and the Cosmopolitan Club, suffered a setback, after the Madras high court ordered maintenance of status quo in the matter.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar on Friday ordered the government as well as the two sports/social organizations to maintain status as on date for a period of four weeks. The club and the golf federation filed separate petitions, stating that the revenue department had issued show-cause notices to them on September 26, asking them as to why the joint lease granted to them should not be cancelled.The government stated that the prime property, worth several hundred crores of rupees, was required for a sports hub to be developed by the Sports Development Authority of Tamil Nadu, which is to host the 20th Asian Athletic Championship in 2013.Assailing the show-cause notices, senior counsel P S Raman submitted that the authorities had already decided to alienate the lands for the sports development authority, and the show-cause notice was only an empty formality.Noting that the notices had been issued in a predetermined manner without application of mind, the organizations said: \"It is explicit that the revenue department has predetermined the issue of cancellation of lease and the issue of show-cause notice is only an empty formality.\"Noting that the lease was renewed for another period of 30 years only in 1996, they said the notice was silent about the sports development authority's request for the gold course and the club premises to locate its sports hub, and no reasons had been given as to why the gold course was chosen when several other state facilities were available in Chennai city.Noting that the authorities were deliberately refusing to accept the lease amount and arrears remitted by the social organizations, the petitions said the government's decision to alienate the top golf facility in favour of other sports is not only against the public interest but also against the game itself. It would deprive several hundreds of golfers of their gaming area, and other related workers and employees of their livelihood, they said, adding that the city would be deprived of a crucial lung space.Describing the government's bid to cite the upcoming Asian Athletic Championship as reason for its latest take over bid as 'unfair and not bonafide,' the petitions said the state government had already committed Rs 40 crore to develop infrastructural facilities at the Jawaharlal Nehru Indoor Stadium.They wanted the court to quash the notices as being illegal and arbitrary, besides staying its operation during the pendency of the petitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692287", "title": "Indian Railways stress on comfort, fire safety in coach designs", "text": "CHENNAI: Fire safety tops the list of priority of the Indian railways' research and design wing, officials have said. Thermoplastic interiors, stainless steel coaches, entertainment facilities and smoke detection systems will soon be in place in trains, said senior railway officials at a seminar in Chennai.Addressing a seminar on emerging coach technology, general manager of Integral Coach Factory Abhay K Khanna said measures were being taken to make the entire railway operations and services \"green\" and safe. \"We will soon start using biodegradable and recyclable materials to build coaches. The railway coach factories are already self-sufficient in their energy needs with 10.5MW power generated from windmills in Tirunelveli district,\" Khanna said.V Ramachandran, the director of Research Design and Standards Organisation, said detection of inflammable materials still remains a challenge in coaches with doors and windows open. \"Even an effective smoke detection system may not raise an alarm inside a fast moving train with all its windows and doors are opened. We are working out on an effective mechanism to address all the safety guidelines suggested by various studies,\" said Ramachandran.Forensic experts have found existence of inflammable materials and firecrackers in the ill-fated compartment of Tamil Nadu Express, which caught fire in July last killing more than 30 passengers. Railway is also eying at possible tie-ups with international coach designers to build light-weight coaches that will serve long and need less maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16691774", "title": "Suspected Maoist killed by kin", "text": "Berhampur: A suspected Maoist supporter was allegedly beaten to death and the body was thrown into the turbulent Padma river near Pipalapanka in Ganjam district's Sorada police station limit, about 90 km from here. Limbs of the deceased, Rajesh Mallick (30), were tied up by two of his relatives before the body was thrown into the river, police said.Though Rajesh was killed on September 24, the incident came to light on Thursday after police arrested Bansi Mallick, uncle of the deceased. Bansi confessed to police that he along with his nephew murdered Rajesh and threw the body into the river, said Aska sub-divisional police officer A Ch Pahi. The other accused is yet to be nabbed, he said.Police said they had registered a missing person case earlier after the mother of deceased Kuntala complained to police that her son is missing.The body of the deceased is yet to be recovered. \"Fire and police personnel conducted an intensive search in the river to locate the body, but it is yet to be traced. Search is still on,\" the SDPO said.Rajesh was arrested by police on July 6, 2010 on charges of being a Maoist supporter. He was released on bail recently, police said. After his release, Rajesh was creating panic among villagers in the name of Maoists, police said. The deceased also allegedly misbehaved with women in the village after drinking and threatened them with face dire consequences from Maoists.Sorada inspector in-charge K C Sethi said angry over his activities in the village, his uncle and another person beat him to death. \"We are looking for the other accused in the incident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16694152", "title": "PLFI men held in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: Five people including an area commander of PLFI were arrested and their arms and ammunition seized from in two police station areas of the district on Friday. Nabbed commanders were Devpal Gope and Basant Gope of Satpara Ghatta village and Bali Gope, a resident of Dhangaon Karamtoli village in town police station, said sub divisional police officer (SDPO) Gumla DK Pande.A team of police led by Gumla OC Anil Kumar Karn carried out raid in wee hours at Pahar Panari village, nine km from the district headquarters and caught the trio. \"Two country made pistols, six cartridges and two pamphlets of PLFI were also seized early on Friday morning,\" Pande said, adding, \"The arrested were engaged in strengthening the organizations network in the western part of the district after undergoing training in forests under Raniya area of Ranchi district.\"In another incident two persons Chhote Singh and Narayan Gope, both residents of Nathpur village, were arrested under Palkot police station of the district. Both were involved in the killing of a woman district council member Kalawati Devi of the same village led by area commander Parmeshwar Gope on September 29, Pande said.Chhote Singh and Narayan Gope had helped the PLFI men get inside the house of Kalawati Devi by opening the main door. After the PLFI men dragged the woman out of her house for two and half km away from the village they shot her dead, Pande said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16693776", "title": "Curchorem Cacora municipal council plans second demolition drive", "text": "The chief officer of the Curchorem Cacora municipal council (CCMC), Agnelo Fernandes has called a meeting of traders and all stakeholders on October 8 to discuss the issue of the second phase of demolition of illegal structures. The second phase of demolition drive will target structures that have been erected on the road widening areas, it was informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16693526", "title": "Protesters display rape victims' names", "text": "ROHTAK: There seems no end to the miseries of Pillu Khera gangrape victim who was trying to hide herself from the public gaze as a caste organizations took out a protest march in Jind, displaying her real name in bold letters on cloth banners.A number of activists, including women, under the aegis of an organization called Soshit Samaj Sangharsh Samiti carried out the protest march in Jind town on October 2. The protesters were carrying cloth banners with the names of the Pillu Khera gangrape victim and another rape victim from Jhanjh Khurd village of Jind district. Legal experts, however, maintained that disclosing the name of a rape victim is prohibited under law and the Supreme Court too had given a ruling in the past to reiterate this ban.The gangrape victim had also been filmed by the three rapists on their mobile phone, which has reportedly been circulation widely in the region. The victim's family consisting her husband and a six-year-old daughter, is finding it difficult to hide themselves from the public gaze. After they were also ousted from the rented accommodation in the railway staff quarters on Monday, the family has been finding it difficult to find a place to live in. Sources said that they approached a house owner to accommodate them on rent but when they came to know about the incident, the owner backtracked.Women cops are also deployed with the victim as she had been receiving threat from the accused family. Reacting to the photographs, Utsav Bains, a women and child issue activists, said, \"We should not forget that women also have the right to life and liberty; they also have the right to be respected and treated as equal citizens. Their honour and dignity cannot be touched or violated. They also have the right to lead an honorable and peaceful life. Rape is a crime against basic human rights and is also violative of the victim's most cherished of fundamental rights.\"Member of National Commission for Women Shamina Shafiq termed the disclosure of the name of rape victim as \"shocking\". Jind SSP Saurabh Singh said that he would investigate the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16694058", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau seeks nod to probe irrigation minister's role in land grab case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Anti-Corruption Bureau has sought the state government's okay to launch an \"open inquiry\" against irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare over allegations of land grab and disproportionate assets.A \"discreet inquiry\" against the senior NCP leader, sources said, is already complete. The ACB now wants authorization for the second stage of the investigation\u2014\"open inquiry\"\u2014so that it can call for official files and, if required, summon Tatkare for questioning.\"We have forwarded the request to the general administration department. It will follow the usual course (to the concerned department and chief secretary) before landing up at the CM's table for the final nod,\" said a home official.With the latest appeal, the pending ACB requests for investigating sitting ministers has risen to three.The bureau sought a go-ahead to probe public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal three months ago and medical education minister Vijaykumar Gavit three years ago.ACB sources said the agency is about to complete a discreet inquiry against a fourth minister: a Congress leader facing allegations for his role in the Coalgate scam. \"A request for a fourth open inquiry will be forwarded to the state soon,\" said an ACB official.A close aide of former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, Tatkare is accused of cornering 7,500 acres of farmland by creating front companies. He is accused of misusing his power and authority, as the state water resources and irrigation minister, to grant arbitrary sanctions for irrigation projects. \"I do not want to speak on the matter (either the inquiry or allegations) right now since it is in court,\" Tatkare told TOI.The request on Tatkare is bound to add to the worries of the government as it dithers on the previous two appeals. ACB sleuths said the prolonged official inaction shows lack of political will in the government. As it is, a sanction file needs to travel through a long, winding route\u2014first through the home department to the general administration department to secretaries of the departments concerned to the chief secretary and finally to the chief minister. Worst of all, there is no independent mechanism to expedite or assist in the process.\"We expect the government's nod to ideally come in less than two months, which is enough for the government to study a case properly. Beyond this, if the government takes time, it only shows a deliberate attempt to sit on the inquiry application,\" said a senior ACB official.The permission for a probe against Gavit, sources pointed out, is pending before the state since May 14, 2009. In the case of Bhujbal, the ACB filed the request letter on July 18, 2012, and it is said to have reached the chief minister's table. \"The departments (including the PWD, home and chief secretary) have given their view. It is now awaiting the CM's green signal,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691232", "title": "U-18 Asia Basketball Championship: India U-18 cagers back in elite class", "text": "NAGPUR: PS Jeena fired 24 points to bring India back to the elite level of the U-18 Asia Championship at the Bandaraya Stadium on Friday.The Kerala post play specialist's exploits guided India to a thrilling 60-59 triumph over hosts Malaysia in the qualifying game.While Jeena continued her superb form to record a game-high score, the determined Indian girls held their nerve in the dying stages to finish the competition without a loss in four matches.Though India had their say in the initial two quarters, Malaysia made their presence felt after the change of ends and dominated the proceedings in the final moments of the exciting encounter.India won the first two quarters 15-11 and 19-15 respectively to take a handy 8-point lead at the break. Both the teams netted 12 points apiece in the third.The home team gave a solid push in the last period winning it 21-14 but went down fighting by a mere point. The last quarter basket rush almost took the game away from India but the South Asian champs kept their cool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691295", "title": "VIDC gets 6 weeks to reply in irrigation scam plea", "text": "NAGPUR: A petition alleging massive corruption and mismanagement in all irrigation projects in Vidarbha, including that of Gosikhurd, was adjourned for six weeks after VIDC sought time to file a reply. It was listed before High Court's division bench - comprising justices Pratap Hardas and Ashok Bhangale - on Friday.The irrigation scam had already grabbed the headlines after NCP leader Ajit Pawar resigned as deputy chief minister for his alleged involvement in the scam. NGO Jan Manch had demanded a judicial probe or CBI inquiry into the affairs. According to the Manch, the cost of 38 irrigation projects, falling under VIDC, had escalated dramatically from Rs6,672 crore to Rs26,722 crore in just seven months in 2009. Of these 38 irrigation projects, 30 projects were granted quick approval in just four days and their cost was revised later, the Manch claimed. Anil Kilor represented the petitioner.Nagpur: BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis mounted a fresh attack on the Congress-NCP government in the state by demanding a probe into the irrigation scam by a special investigative team (SIT) headed by a high court judge. He also came to the rescue of his party president Nitin Gadkari saying there was nothing wrong in the letter seeking release of funds for Gosikhurd project.\"White paper promised by the chief minister on irrigation works in the state may end up being a white wash on all the misdoings of the NCP ministers who held the water resources ministry. If the government fails to bring out the white paper as promised before the winter session of the legislature, the BJP will present its own 'black-paper' on the scam,\" said Fadnavis. He told reporters here that facts and figures on unjustifiable cost escalations and low quality of work in irrigation schemes, especially in Vidarbha, were now in the public domain and the matter needed to be inquired into impartially by a SIT, preferably headed by a HC judge.He tried to downplay the letter written by Gadkari to Union water resources minister Pawan Bansal seeking release of funds for the ongoing Gosikhurd project which is already decades behind schedule. \"A similar letter was written by state Congress president Manikrao Thakre in February this year. That letter also mentions that funds were suspended after a complaint filed by ex-minister of state Vijay Wadettiwar,\" he said presenting copies of Thakre's letter. \"That does not mean Thakre had done anything wrong,\" he said, rejecting the perception being promoted by the Congress that Gadkari had sought funds for contractors who were not paid and had stopped work on Gosikhurd. \"There were 300 contractors on the project and it is ridiculous to claim all of them were close to Gadkari or the BJP,\" the city MLA said.On the same issue, former MPCC president and ex-minister Ranjit Deshmukh has in a press release said mere white paper on which no action is ever taken would not serve any purpose. \"Details of massive irrigation scam are now public knowledge, more so after Ajit Pawar's resignation drama. What is needed is a thorough probe,\" he said. He demanded the probe should be by a special all-party committee having irrigation experts, two ex-ministers each from the Congress and the NCP and one member each of BJP and the Shiv Sena .Meanwhile, city BJP President Krishna Khopde, who was also present at the press conference, said the membership drive of the party had received a massive response. Against the target of two lakh, they had enrolled 3.07 lakh new members. \"Right from party President Gadkari who enrolled over a thousand members, 8000 party activists were involved in the drive in the city,\" said Khopde. People from all communities, various professional fields and spread over all civic wards were enrolled and as a result the response was overwhelming. In the previous drive, the party had enrolled less than a 94,000 members, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16694014", "title": "Make science interesting: Minister", "text": "Minister for basic education and child development Ram Govind Chaudhary inaugurated the two-day state level inspire award exhibition at Ramabai Ambedkar Sthal on Friday. He said experts in the field of science should come forward and create interest in children about science. He said there is a need to strengthen subjects of science and mathematics in primary schools.Joint venture: A joint venture agreement will be signed between Neyveli Lignite and UP government for Ghatampur thermal power on Saturday. Neyveli Lignite will construct 1980 MW coal based power plant at Ghatampur.'Observe safety standards': Transport minister Raja Mahendra Aridaman Singh said the government has issued directives for observing safety standards by school buses for safety of children. He said no laxity in road safety standards would be tolerated. He warned school buses found not following rules would not be allowed to be plied on roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16693013", "title": "Bihar BJP invites Gujrat CM for rally", "text": "PATNA: Former Union minister and Bihar BJP chief Dr C P Thakur caused a veritable convulsion in the NDA on Friday by saying that Gujarat CM Narendra Modi would visit the state to address the party's 'Hoonkar Rally' to be held at Gandhi Maidan here on April 15, a day after the birth anniversary celebration of B R Ambedkar.With chief minister Nitish Kumar making no secret of his deep dislike for Narendra Modi over the past several years, the Bihar NDA appeared to be entering an uncertain terrain with this announcement. It was due to Nitish's firm opposition that Modi had not campaigned in Bihar during the election campaigns in 2005 and 2010 assembly elections and 2009 parliamentary poll.Dr Thakur said on Friday, \"All the CMs of the BJP-ruled states would address the Hoonkar Rally here. Yes , we have also invited Gujarat CM Narendra Modi to address it. He commands high stature both in our party and in the country.\" Mincing no words, he added: \"Every leader is free to address public meetings anywhere in the country. This way, he cannot be prevented from coming to Bihar.\"After his announcement, the JD-U was expected to go hammer and tongs against the BJP. But state JD-U spokesman, Neeraj Kumar's reaction was muted and gave a new twist to the BJP-JD (U) ties when he said, \"As to BJP's partnership with the JD-U to form the NDA government in Bihar, we are in agreement with state BJP leader and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , not with the BJP as such.\"The significance of his reaction could be gauged from the fact that no JD-U leader was willing to speak on the matter and referred only to him for the official line on the matter.\"At present, our entire concentration is on 'Adhikar Rally' of our party to be held in Patna on November 4. Moreover, whatever development has occurred in Bihar, it has been possible due to simultaneous maintenance of communal and social harmony in the state,\" Neeraj said, adding that the BJP and JD-U have their separate manifestos.Incidentally, Dr Thakur's announcement on invite to Narendra Modi has come a day after JD-U national president Sharad Yadav said in Delhi that senior BJP leader L K Advani was better suited to be NDA's prime ministerial candidate - an instance of the repeat of clear rebuff to Narendra Modi from the JD (U) camp.It may be recalled here during the BJP's national executive meet here in 2010, Nitish Kumar had taken serious exception to the publication of an ad in some papers announcing Gujarat's assistance for the Kosi flood victims and a photo of him with Modi. Nitish had not only cancelled the invite for dinner for the members of the BJP's national executive but also returned the money to Gujarat.Early this week, Dr Thakur had also caused a flutter in the BJP and JD-U circles by claiming that the BJP was geared up to prepare its base in all the 40 parliamentary and 243 assembly constituencies in the state, so that if the situation so arose, the BJP could be well positioned to contest them on its own steam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692172", "title": "Hole in heart fixed with minimal invasion", "text": "PUNE: Postponing his marriage was the last thing on his mind when a 27-year-old man was asked to undergo an urgent heart surgery. He was diagnosed with a hole in the heart, medically known as 'ventricular septal defect'. The revelation came as shock as his marriage was scheduled to take place in two months' time.The conventional surgery involves cutting the breast bone (sternum) to fix the hole, leading to long hospital stay and recovery time. However, the doctors at Jehangir hospital adopted a minimally invasive approach and performed the surgery through a 6-cm incision in the right chest without cutting the sternum. The patient was discharged on the third day after surgery. He returned to normal activities within a week and is now busy in his marriage related arrangements.\"The approach is called 'lateral thoracotomy', wherein a small incision was made on the right chest of the patient to fix the hole in the heart. In conventional surgery, this requires a bigger incision in the front of the chest and cutting of the breast bone, which usually takes three months to heal. In this old procedure, the patient's movements are restricted for at least three to six months. However, in minimally invasive approach, the patient can be back to work in 15 days,\" said cardiac surgeon Chandrashekhar Kulkarni, who conducted the surgery.In the present case, the ventricular septal defect (VSD), measuring approximately 10 mm in diameter, was causing overload on the right half of the patient's chest. The surgery was done on September 21 and the patient was discharged on September 24.In a conventional approach, bone healing takes two to three months and, hence, the chances of catching infection in the bone are higher, Kulkarni said.\"This new approach to repair the VSD through the chest eliminates the risk without compromising on the safety and efficacy of the procedure. This also has the potential to speed up the recovery process due to less injury and also does not hamper the activities of the patient,\" said Kulkarni who has performed nearly 90 heart surgeries through this approach in the past two years.\"Among women who are in an advanced age and who have osteoporosis, the inherent strength of the breast bone is less. So, women patients stand to benefit more from this approach,\" Kulkarni said.Cutting breast bone is a conventional approach for correction of cardiac defects. But a midline scar may be unsightly and can provoke displeasure and psychological distress, especially in young patients.In the minimally invasive approach, the final scar is about 6-cm long on the right side of the chest and, hence, it is also cosmetically superior, especially in women, Kulkarni said.\"As the safety of cardiac operations has increased, more emphasis has been put on cosmetic results after operation. Therefore, lateral thoracotomy can be used in many cases,\" Kulkarni said.\"It is for the first time that this procedure was attempted in Pune city,\" said George Eapen, CEO of the hospital. \"Apart from not cutting any bone, the pain and post-operation complications like infection are minimised. This is true for all types of cardiac surgeries like bypass, valve replacements and other congenital heart surgeries. It requires special skill, instruments and access ports to do this procedure.\"BOXVentricular septal defectA ventricular septal defect (VSD), also called a hole in the heart, is a common defect that is present at birth (congenital). It involves an opening (hole) between the heart's lower chambers, allowing oxygen-rich and oxygen-poor blood to mix.A baby with a small ventricular septal defect may have no problems. A baby with a larger VSD or associated heart defects may have a telltale bluish tint to the skin (cyanosis) due to oxygen-poor blood - often most visible in the lips and fingernails. VSDs are sometimes not diagnosed until adulthood.Fortunately, VSD is treatable. Many small VSDs often close on their own or do not cause problems. Larger defects need surgical repair early in life to prevent complications. Some defects are also closed surgically to prevent complications related to their location, such as damage to heart valves. Many people with small ventricular septal defects have normal, productive lives with few related problems.eom/umesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16692133", "title": "Cong attacks Gadkari for pro-Sancheti lobbying", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress on Friday accused BJP chief Nitin Gadkari of having vested interest in lobbying with the Centre for an irrigation contractor in Maharashtra, and demanded a through probe into reports that the beneficiary was his close associate, BJP MP Ajay Sancheti.Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi said, \"When the BJP president says he can write 10 such letters, it creates doubts that 20 such contractors may emerge... Why does he have so much interest in it? There has to be some relation.\"The attack on the BJP chief came amid reports that Gadkari wrote to Union water resources minister Pawan Kumar Bansal on July 30 seeking release of funds for the Gosikhurd dam project. While the letter was seen as lobbying for Sancheti, Gadkari claimed he had only acted out of concern for a development project and would not hesitate to write again for the same purpose.Gadkari did not just write to the water resources minister but also to then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and even vouched for the contractor that mistakes in the execution of project would be rectified, Dwivedi said.Reacting to the attack on the BJP chief, party spokesperson Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said, \"Gadkariji is an MLC from the Nagpur Graduate constituency where the project is, therefore it is natural that he will write to the minister to ensure that the project does not suffer. It is not just him, but letters from so many Congress leaders for the same reason to the Union water resource minister, Pawan Kumar Bansal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16692584", "title": "'India spends just Rs 2k on a student'", "text": "MANGALORE: There is a shortage of 13 lakh teachers and every year 88 per cent of children join primary school. But by the time they reach SSLC, 60 percent of them end up as dropouts, said S Ramananda Shetty, vice-chancellor (VC) of Nitte University and former VC of Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences, here on Friday.Addressing the gathering at a seminar on recent developments in higher education in India, which was organized by Association of First Grade College Principals, Mangalore University, he said every year 17 million students join for higher education courses. \"Technology is the need of the hour. We cannot depend on classroom-based teaching. There is shortage of everything, from books to teachers,\" he added.Criticizing the education system in India, he said several education bills are still pending in Parliament. \"They (politicians) recommend education bills when in power and oppose the same bill when in the opposition. This is our education system,\" rued Ramananda.Every year Malaysia spends Rs 60,000 per student, China spends Rs 14,000 per student, and Brazil spends Rs 20,000 per student while India spends only Rs 2,000 per student, he stated.Throwing light on why India is lagging in higher education, Ramananda said gross enrolment for higher education courses in China is 20 percent per year and in USA it is 86 percent, but in India it is just 14 percent of the population. He further said that in India for a population of 1,120 million there are just 634 universities while USA has 2,364 universities for its 295 million population.The 1966 Kothari Committee recommended that six percent of the gross domestic product (GDP) be earmarked for education. \"Today the government has succeeded in earmarking only 3.7 percent,\" he revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16691736", "title": "Government mulls cylinder sops for BPL families", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government is contemplating extending support to below poverty line (BPL) households having gas connections in the wake of the Centre capping subsidized LPG cylinders per family at six a year, official sources said on Friday.\"With recent restriction on subsidized LPG cylinders to six per year by the Centre for all consumers, there is a thinking in Odisha government to provide relief to BPL families having LPG gas connections,\" secretary, food supplies and consumer welfare, Madhusudan Padhi, said in a letter to state-level coordinator and general manager, Indian Oil Corporation Limited , P K Das.Padhi, in his letter, asked Das to furnish information from different oil marketing companies (IOCL, BPCL and HPCL ) on families with gas connection along with their economic status, i.e., whether BPL or APL (above poverty line), by October 31.The ruling BJD's move follows the decision of Congress-ruled states to give three subsidized LPG cylinders to consumers in addition to the six fixed by the Union government. On September 13, the Congress-led UPA dispensation had hiked diesel prices by Rs five per litre and put a ceiling on subsidized gas cylinders citing mounting losses. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had demanded immediate rollback of the decision.Food supplies and consumer welfare minister Pratap Keshari Deb did not divulge details of the state government's plan, saying: \"We are contemplating something. Before taking a decision we have to calculate the financial implications on the state exchequer.\" He said there are around 18 lakh domestic LPG consumers in the state. \"Once we get the data on the economic status of the consumers we can work out the modalities and extend some kind of support to bring succour to the poor families,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16692945", "title": "Theft at Beur jailofficial's house", "text": "PATNA: Clothes and silver jewellery worth Rs 70,000 were stolen from the house of Beur Jail superintendent Shivendra Priyadarshi at AG Colony under Shastri Nagar police station on Wednesday night. He lodged a written complaint with the police station concerned on Friday.Priyardarshi on Friday said he resided with his family at his official quarter on the jail premises. Nobody lived at his AG Colony house. He had rented out a room over the garage to an employee of a medicine firm, but on the night of burglary, he was also not present. He said when the employee returned, he found the main door of the house damaged and immediately informed him about the theft.The jail superintendent said when he reached the house, he found all the locks and doors damaged. The thieves had taken away 11 saris, some silver jewellery and Rs 800 cash, and also damaged 35 taps, basins, flush, showers and latrines of the house. Experts from Forensic Science Laboratory also reached his house and picked up fingerprints of the thieves, he added.Cash missing: A sum of Rs 4 lakh went missing from the dickey of the scooter of the private secretary to DG, civil defence, Kishore Ram, from his office premises on Thursday evening.Police said that Kishore withdrew Rs 4 lakh from Secretariat branch of the SBI, put the cash in a bag and kept it in the dickey of his scooter and went to his office. When he came out of the office at around 6.30pm, he opened the dickey to keep his tiffin box and found the cash missing.Sachivalaya police station SHO G D Tiwary said that Kishore Ram had lodged a written complaint in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16692717", "title": "Indian Medical Association flays medical entrance test", "text": "COIMBATORE: After chief minister J Jayalalithaa made public her objections to conducting a National Eligibility-Cum-Entrance Test for post-graduate courses in medical colleges this year, as it would come in the way of implementing the state's reservation policy, the state unit of Indian Medical Association has said the test is being conducted in an unrealistic way causing enormous hardship to aspirants.Talking to TOI here on Friday, IMA state president LP Thangavelu said \"There are only 33 centres where the exams are conducted. Very often students are assigned centres that are in far off places, making the travel an additional ordeal\". While a student in Thenkasi gets assigned a centre in Haryana, a student from Western TN gets a centre in Jammu and Kashmir. Tamil Nadu has only two centres, in Chennai and Coimbatore.\"The long queues to pay the fee for a registration code to submit online applications is even worse,'' he pointed out. The 10-day long examination will be held from November 26 to December 6 as per the existing plan forcing candidates to find connectivity and accommodation. \"Online examination and processing would ease several of the hardships,'' he said. IMA wants at least 10 centres in Tamil Nadu so that candidates have a higher possibility of writing the exam in their own town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16696301", "title": "Rana\u2019s KVJ nearing completion", "text": "Daggubati Rana's forthcoming action drama Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is nearing completion. The film has almost completed majority of the shooting part except for a song, which would be shot in the next few days. \"Morning! Back on set shooting for the last song of #KVJ! And a hello from my new android ,\" (sic)Rana wrote on his micro blogging site. In fact, an item song on Rana, Venkatesh and Sameera Reddy is expected to be filmed soon.Krish (Radhakrishna Jagarlamudi) is directing this action entertainer in which Rana will be seen as a B Tech Babu and Nayanathara is essaying the role of a documentary writer. Sai baba Jagarlamudi is producing the film and Mani Sharma is composing the music. Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum will release simultaneously in Telugu and Tamil as Ongaram. The audio of the film would be released on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16693904", "title": "Ex-IAS, son booked for dowry death", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Friday registered a case of murder for dowry against the retired IAS officer Vinod Kumar Chaturvedi and his lawyer son Patanjali in connection with the death of the latter's wife Puneeta. Puneeta was found hanging from the ceiling of her room at their Vishesh Khand residence in Vibhuti Khand on Thursday.In their written complaint lodged on Friday, Puneeta's family has accused her in-laws of harassing their daughter for want of dowry ever since the marriage took place. The family members, hailing from Gorakhpur district in Uttar Pradesh, had reached Lucknow on Thursday but lodged a written complaint with the police on Friday.They also accused the former bureaucrat Vinod and his son Patanjali in the complaint.The Vibhuti Khand police said that prima-facie and circumstantial evidences suggest that the incident was that of a suicide. The theory was further confirmed when a suicide note was also recovered from the crime scene. The suicide note stated that Puneeta was known to Guddu of Maharajganj before her marriage with Patanjali. The note stated that after her marriage, she was blackmailed by Guddu on the basis of some of her photographs. The note said that her husband apparently came to know about this and had stopped loving her. It also stated that no one should be held responsible for her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "st. andrews (uk)", "code": "16696386", "title": "Shiv Kapur improves with two-under 70 at Dunhill Links", "text": "ST. ANDREWS (UK): Shiv Kapur did well to jump 20 places to 56th with a two-under 70 in the second round while fellow Indian Himmat Rai (74) was way behind in 154th place in a field of 168 professionals at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championships.In the second round, Kapur played the Carnoustie course, while Rai was playing at the St. Andrews.The pros play three rounds, one each at St. Andrews, Carnoustie and Kingsbarns before the cut is applied. In the third round, Kapur tees up at Kingsbarns and Rai will play at Carnoustie.Leading the field at the top was Branden Grace followed his European Tour record-equaling 60 at Kingsbarns with a 67 at St Andrews to take a five shot halfway lead at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship.Kapur bogeyed the second, but birdied the third and fifth to get to under par and then moved to two-under with a third birdie at 14th. He hit 13 fairways and four 12 greens in regulation, but missed out on a lot of birdie putts.Two clear overnight, Grace, who has three European Tour titles already this season, bogeyed the fourth at the Home of Golf. However, he hit back with five birdies in the next six holes and added another at the last to reach 17-under par ahead of his third round at Carnoustie considered the toughest of the three courses used this week.Swede Joel Sjoholm matched Grace's 67 at St Andrews for a 12 under total to share second place with Thorbjorn Olesen, who completed a three-under par 69 at Carnoustie to go with his opening 63 over the Old Course.When he putted for eagle on the 357 yard last Grace had a chance to match The European Tour's lowest-ever 36-hole total in relation to par, but he happily settled for a two-putt birdie and so the mark set by compatriot Ernie Els at the 2004 Heineken Classic in Australia still stands.German Martin Kaymer , the man who sank the all-important putt for Jose Maria Olazabal's side in Chicago, is doing best of the three returning heroes, but he is down in 56th place on three under - 14 strokes adrift.Swede Peter Hanson is one further back, but Paul Lawrie is joint 129th on one over - and only the top 60 and ties survive the cut after Sunday's third round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16693435", "title": "Farmers block rail, road traffic", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Protesting FDI in retail and hike in diesel prices, farmers from 17 organizations, including factions of BKU, on Friday blocked rail and road traffic at several places in Punjab for about three hours.Train and public transport commuters had to face hardships for a few hours in the afternoon due to blockades by farmers. The protest on a call given by the coordination committee of farmers and labourers went off peacefully and no incident of violence was reported.At Raya town, around 40km from Amritsar, farmers squatted on the Amritsar-Delhi railway track, police said.They blocked traffic near Attari border on the national highway at Rajasansi airport road and blocked the national highway at Raya. The farmers, led by Kisan Sangrash Committee, also demanded that the Punjab government should fulfill its promises which were made before Assembly elections.The farmers also demanded compensation for losses caused by drought. \"We demand Rs 10,000 to Rs 20,000 per acre compensation to drought-hit farmers depending on the circumstances, besides Rs 10,000 compensation per labourer working in the village,\" the farmers' organizations said.Kisan Morcha Bharatiya Janata Party took out a massive protest march on the nationwide call in favour of farmers' rights led by national president O P Dhankar and Punjab BJP president Ashwani Sharma at Chandigarh on Friday.Signifying the economic crisis they are reeling under, the farmers removed their shirts and kurtas and in semi-nude state took out procession on the streets of capital Chandigarh and submitted memorandums to the governors of Punjab and Haryana. Dhankar demanded that the Swaminathan formula be applied and MSP of wheat should be announced at Rs 2100 per quintal.In Patiala, the farmers staged demonstrations at Pasiana, Phaganmara and on Nabha-Bhadson road.\"The FDI will kill Punjab farmers. We would not allow it at any cost,\" said Jagmohan Singh from Bharti Kisan Union.In Ferozepur, hundreds of farmers laid siege to railway tracks and blocked traffic for more than four hours.Union leaders criticized the Centre for hiking diesel price and allowing FDI in retail. The unions also criticized Punjab government for levying VAT on farm produces. Railway traffic on Ferozepur-Bhatinda, Ferozepur-Ludhiana, Ferozepur-Jalandhar and Ferozepur-Fazilka sections remained suspended from 1pm to 4 pm.Farmers staged demonstrations at Barnala, Sangrur and Mansa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16691714", "title": "Sad hubby jumps into lion's enclosure", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Saddened after a quarrel with his wife, a man tried to commit suicide by entering a lion's enclosure at Nandankanan Zoo here on Friday. He was mauled by two lions, but rescued alive. Doctors said he may survive.Surya Narayan Das (35), a resident of Chhatrapur in Ganjam district, reached the zoo early on Friday morning and purchased an entry ticket. Around 1.10 pm, he went near an enclosure for lions (no 29-B) and started removing his shirt and trousers. Visitors at the spot, however, could not fathom his intention. The man then prostrated in front of a woman tourist and started climbing the iron mesh. \"I was standing near the lion's enclosure when the man came near me and touched my feet. I was taken aback. I thought he was a zoo staff,\" said Rina Basu, an elderly tourist from Kolkata.After climbing inside the enclosure, Das saluted two sleeping lions - Krish and Supriya - with folded hands. He then went to sleep in a corner of the outer enclosure, waiting for the animals to come and kill him. According to eyewitness accounts, Supriya was the first to reach Das. She smelled the man before pouncing upon him. By that time Das had already fainted and lay still without screaming or showing signs of resistance. Krish joined her soon. Supriya first bit Das' skull. Both the lions then dragged the man to about 50 feet, one grabbing his neck and the other his leg.Panic soon spread in the zoo and hundreds of visitors rushed to the site. They started screaming and throwing stones at the animals in a bid to save the man's life. The lions, who were born in the zoo and unaware of the act of hunting in the wild, were equally panicked by the commotion. They left Das and fled to the inner enclosure and hid there. Zoo staff immediately closed the cage from outside and lifted out Das from the outer enclosure.\"We reached at the spot within five minutes of the incident and rescued him. He was taken to a nearby private hospital. Since it was lunch time, the animal keepers were not around but two security men were patrolling nearby. We heard the screaming and shouting and lost no time to reach the spot,\" said assistant director of the zoo, K L Purohit.Das regained his senses at the hospital. \"I wanted to die after quarreling with my wife. I thought becoming fodder for the lions was the best way to end my life. Hence, I entered the enclosure,\" Das mumbled to the medical staff attending on him. He was later shifted to the SCB Medical College at Cuttack as his condition remained critical. \"He has received multiple injuries on the skull, neck, ribs, hands and legs. Almost the entire body is bruised because the animals dragged him for quite a distance,\" said Dr Srikant Mohapatra, general manager, hospital services of KIMS hospital.Deputy director of the zoo, C R Mishra, said the highly unusual incident was the first of its kind at Nandankanan. \"We strictly follow guidelines of the Central Zoo Authority for the safety and security of visitors and animals. But if someone jumps into the lion's mouth to end his life, we are helpless. However, we would review what more could be done to strengthen visitors' security,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16693558", "title": "Land acquisition payout can't be attached till it reaches owner: HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a significant verdict with huge implications on payout cases, the Punjab and Haryana high court has ruled that the land acquisition compensation amount is not liable to attachment for recovery of any debt and it can be attached only after it reaches the hands of the land owner.A division bench, comprising Justice Ajay Kumar Mittal and Justice G S Sandhawalia, announced the ruling after hearing a petition filed by Dilbhajan Singh of Bathinda, whose land was acquired by the Punjab government to set up an engineering college at Bathinda.In this case, the enhanced compensation of around Rs 30 lakh was granted by the HC in an appeal under The Land Acquisition Act, to Dilbhajan. However, before the petitioner could receive the payout, it was attached by the Recovery Officer of Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT), Chandigarh in execution of an order passed by the Presiding Officer of the DRT, at the instance of Punjab &amp; Sind Bank to whom Dilbhajan had to pay the loan amount.The petitioner approached the HC submitting that under Section 52-A of The Land Acquisition Act, the compensation payable in respect of acquired land cannot be attached to the government and that it can be attached only after it reaches the hands of the land owner.Counsel for the petitioner H C Arora also disputed the judgment of the single judge given in the case of 'Mukhtiara' (1968), wherein it was held that only such compensation is immune from attachment, where the land concerned itself was exempt from attachment under some law, like Civil Procedure Code. Arora further submitted that the judgment of HC in Mukhtiara's case was per se erroneous, as it did not correctly interpret the provisions of Section 52-A of The Land Acquisition Act.The division bench, while accepting Arora's argument, said that a plain reading of the objects and reasons of the Act spells out the purpose with which it was intended to be inserted.While allowing the writ petition, the HC restrained the Recovery Officer of DRT, Chandigarh as well as the Land Acquisition Collector, Bathinda from attaching the amount of compensation payable to petitioner, and further directed that the compensation shall be released to the petitioner in accordance with law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16691405", "title": "Government gets into dengue act", "text": "BANGALORE: The health department seems to have woken up to the drastic increase in dengue cases in the state in general and the city in particular.All along, the authorities were in denial mode about the rise in the number of cases; in the city alone, it had gone up from 540 on September 14 to 708 on October 1, an increase of 168 cases in 17 days.The department has now planned to launch a special awareness drive from the second week of October. District health officers have been asked to visit houses and take up fogging and spraying in sensitive areas.Addressing a high-level meeting of department officials on prevention and control of dengue fever on Friday, health and family welfare minister Aravind Limbavali said 2,430 confirmed cases of dengue have been reported in the state since January.\"With the death of 21 persons, the state stands second in the country. The toll includes eight in Bangalore Urban district. The city alone contributes 28% of dengue cases,\" he said.Health department secretary M Madan Gopal said the government is aware of the situation and ready to control the spread of dengue.WHAT'S IN STORE* BBMP to set up special laboratory. Government will provide mechanism to conduct tests* Private hospitals to be asked not to jump to conclusion over dengue cases* Nursing students will be enrolled in survey and surveillance of dengue* BBMP will tell vendors to cut coconut into four pieces so that water doesn't get collected in shells, which are major source of mosquito breeding- Top officials of health department and BBMP to meet every Saturday to review the situation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692057", "title": "Robot assisted surgery helps Maharashtra girl stand straight", "text": "CHENNAI: Preethi Suryavansh, 14, of Ulhasnagar in Maharashtra, had just one dream \u2014 to be able to look people straight in the eye. Born with a lumbar spine defect, her upper torso was curved towards her right from when she could remember. Her dream came true on Saturday morning, when she stood up after an eight-hour surgery. \"I had always imagined how things would be if I could stand and see straight. For the first time I could look into my mother's eyes, stand as tall as her,\" she said with an excited smile.Preethi's parents Mangesh and Saritha took her to almost every neurosurgeon in Maharshtra before one in Thane referred her to Apollo Hospitals in Chennai. Here doctors assured them they would use a newly-introduced robot that virtually ruled out any errors that could result in nerve or aortic damage.The Renaissance Robot, manufactured by Mazor Robotics, tells surgeons where exactly screws have to be inserted and in what angle during a spinal surgery. \"The machine is fed with all the scans and images, along with the patients' nerve composition. With its accuracy being close to 1 mm, it rules out damage to her nerves and organs,\" said neurosurgeon Dr Sajan K Hegde, who is trained to use the robot. The robot, the size of a 250ml soft drink can, moves like a capsule across the patient's back, ensuring that screws and plates are inserted leaving no margin for error.The Renaissance Robot, doctors say, is more efficient than the Da Vinci robot that is in use in four Apollo hospitals in the country and is an upgraded version of the computer navigated surgery, where doctors are guided in manually inserting rods and screws into a patient.The robot helped in complex spinal surgeries of 11 other patients, including Heema Kirit Shah, 10, of Rajkot, who was born with congenital abnormalities and had already undergone three surgeries.Heema and Preethi, who underwent surgeries on Saturday, will soon be able to bend down and pick up a paper or do salsa dancing in 3-6 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692311", "title": "Nande's custody extended by a day", "text": "PUNE: The police custody of former Congress corporator Sanjay Nande, arrested in connection with the death of 11 people in a building collapse at Taljai Pathar on September 24, was extended by a day on Friday. Nande was arrested on September 25.Senior inspector Kamlakar Takawale, in-charge of the Sahakarnagar police, produced Nande before judicial magistrate first class S S Patil, following expiry of his remand on Friday.Arguing that his police custody be extended, assistant public prosecutor M G Poul submitted before the court that investigations had revealed that Nande was not the owner of the land at Taljai Pathar, but he had grabbed the land and constructed the building illegally.Nande's custodial interrogation was essential for the arrest of absconding suspect Lahuji alias Dhirendra Bapu Sawant, he added.The case against Nande and Lahuji alias Dhirendra Bapu Sawant was filed under sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and 337 and 338 (causing hurt and endangering the lives of others) of the Indian Penal Code and section 52 (penalty for unauthorised development) of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act.The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) had on September 24 registered a complaint against Nande and Sawant as they partly owned the land at Saiduttanagar Colony where the building had come up. The three-storey building was among 2,300 illegal properties identified by the PMC to which notices had been issued. In the case of this building, a notice was issued to Nande and Sawant on September 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur ", "code": "16692680", "title": "HC stay on appointment of revised teacher grade II candidates", "text": "JAIPUR : The Rajasthan high court on Friday stayed the appointment process of successful candidates of the RPSC teacher grade II examination after the commission revised the declared results. RPSC had revised the result by reexamining the answersheets of candidates for social science and mathematics.Justice M N Bhandari's order came on a petition filed by one Dalip Malav and others who were previously declared successful when the result was initially declared in March this year. \"The petitioners were never provided opportunity of hearing before they were declared unsuccessful in the revised result declared recently. It was also brought to the notice of the court that a large number of negative marking has wrongly been done while treating certain answers as wrong as also there are certain questions which have been wrongly termed by the expert committee as incorrect,\" said Tanveer Ahmed, the counsel for the petitioners.The bench has issued show cause notice to secretary, RPSC, and has also directed that the revised result should not be operated and acted upon to recommend name of successful candidates of scoial science and mathematics subjects to the education departemnt for their appointment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16693862", "title": "UAS develops seeds that can resist drought", "text": "HUBLI: Here is some good news for drought-hit farmers in the north Karnataka region. The University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS), Dharwad, has developed a new technique of pre-sowing seed hardening technique to withstand drought.Crop physiology department of the UAS has developed seed hardening techniques for sorghum, finger millet, pearl millet, red gram, green gram, black gram, bengal gram, sunflower and cotton.In normal conditions, farmers wait for good rain for sowing seeds in their fields. During drought situations it is very difficult to get good yield. But by implementing pre-sowing seed hardening technique, farmers can do sowing with minimum moisture in the field and expect to get a reasonable yield. Tolerance of seeds and crops increases after implementing the techniques.The technique involves successive hydration and dehydration of seeds.Seed hardening helps modify the physiological and biochemical nature of seeds so as to get the characters that are favorable for drought tolerance.Speaking to TOI, RV Koti, professor, department of crop physiology, said that by implementing pre-sowing seed hardening technique farmers can get 10-15% more yield. Farmers can use this technique when some percentage of moisture is present in the field.For instance, if a farmer gets around 15 quintals of sorghum per hectare during drought, he will get 18-20 quintals of sorghum per hectare by implementing the pre-sowing seed hardening technique, he added.Though the seeds are available with the university, farmers are yet to make use of it, due to lack of awareness among them.MM Patil, vice-president of Hubli Taluk Raita Sangha said, the agriculture university should create awareness about the seed hardening technique among farmers and then they will follow the same, which will be helpful for farmers during drought.The university representatives can meet farmer leaders at the Raita Sangha meetings and impart the knowledge so that it will reach farmers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692924", "title": "Kingfisher to get \u2018humanitarian\u2019 aid from banks", "text": "MUMBAI: State Bank of India on Friday said Kingfisher lenders have decided to release funds to the debt-ridden airline on \"humanitarian grounds\" considering that its employees have not been paid for the past seven months.\"The money that has been released by the tax authorities, 80 per cent of that will be made available to the company on humanitarian grounds, specifically to pay salaries of the employees,\" SBI chairman Pratip Chaudhuri told reporters here.Sources had said bankers after an emergency meeting on Thursday had agreed to release funds from escrow accounts, which is likely to fetch up to Rs 60 crore for the carrier.SBI heads the consortium of 17 lenders to the crippled carrier. Chaudhuri, however, did not divulge the total quantum of the money banks were having.Collectively, the 17-bank consortium has Rs 7,000-crore outstanding from the Vijay Mallya-promoted airline.The SBI chief said that he does not know how much of a solace this would offer. \"I don't know how adequate that (the release of money) would be.\"The wife of a Delhi-based technician of the airline, which has been grounded since Sunday following a strike by its engineers and a section of pilots, allegedly committed suicide yesterday due to the financial troubles in the family and blamed the airline for it in a suicide note.The aviation ministry and the sector regulator DGCA have been insisting to keep the fleet grounded unless concerns around safety and wages are solved.The striking employees have been asking for an immediate payment of salary for three months out of the total seven months outstanding for resuming duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16693856", "title": "Sushil revels in new-found glory", "text": "PANAJI: More than the bulging muscles that accompanies India's greatest ever Olympian on either side, it is the lavish spread ahead of him that grabs your attention.Seated calmly on a luxuriously cushioned sofa at a city 7-star hotel late on Wednesday, Sushil grabs a bottle of water while his equally well-built brother savours a chicken sandwich. Salads, more sandwiches, french fries, juices are all waiting to be gobbled, and these are only starters. There is still time before dinner.\"Please finish them all,\" he tells the excited photographer even before he has had his first click.In between, a couple of officials on whose invitation he is in the state to hand out sales awards, seek his autograph for their young ones. Sushil, a tad surprised, signs all and then has his own childish wrestling experience to narrate.\"I had gone to an akhara (training pit) in Haryana and came across a six year old who wanted to be a wrestler. He was accompanied by his father but despite repeated pleas, he refused to leave the akhara. I was pleased that now there is so much enthusiasm for the sport,\" the wrestling champion said while speaking exclusively to TOI.Sushil is primarily responsible for giving Indian sports an identity beyond cricket, and he admits as much.\"It feels good when people recognize your efforts. It's a matter of pride that India not just felicitates its cricketers but other sportspersons too,\" he said.Incidentally, while Sushil is involved in grappling cricket, he catches the T20 World Cup semifinal live on television. \"I am a cricket fan, I like the sport,\" he clarifies, before adding, \"felt like crying when India lost the other day.\"Since going down in two rounds against Japanese Tatuhiro Yonemitsu and picking up a silver in London , Sushil has been touring the length and breath of the country either to attend felicitation functions, or delivering motivational speeches. But despite all of the travel weariness, he has never missed training.\"If I do not train, how will I perform,\" he asks.\"Until after six months of the Olympics, there will not be a major wrestling event. I am awaiting details from the federation about my next assignment,\" said Sushil.With a bronze in Beijing and silver in London, not surprisingly, Sushil is now targeting gold in Rio 2016.\"I have won titles at the World, Asian and Commonwealth level but I want to become an Olympic champion. A gold in Rio will make me complete,\" said Sushil.Rio is still four years away but the 29-year-old's preparations have already begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16692307", "title": "Automen 'very happy', cabbies call off strike", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Friday pushed through hikes in auto and cab fares, ignoring consumer activists' plea that it wait till new recalibrated meters are introduced. V N More, transport commissioner, said, \"The recaliberation process will have to completed within 45 days. But it is not practical to hold back the hike till its completion.\"He added, \"The hike has been fixed in accordance with a state government-approved formula. It has taken into account the cost-of-living index, expenses incurred on repairs and maintenance of vehicles, fuel cost, capital cost, insurance and so on.\"The fare chart is likely to be published by October 9. Fare revision will be an annual affair every May.The government has decided to base the minimum fare on 1.5km instead of 1.6km. It has also decided that the meter should drop after every 100 meters instead of 200 meters at present for autorickshaws, and 167 meters for taxis.Taxi unions have called off their planned strike in the wake of the hike. A L Quadros, general secretary, Mumbai Taximen's Union, said, \"We still maintain that the increase announced by the MMRTA is less than the amount recommended by the Hakim Committee. However, in order to avoid inconvenience to the general public , the unions decided to cancel the proposed strike.\"Auto union leader Sharad Rao, on the other hand, said, \"I am extremely happy with the hike that has been offered to rickshaw drivers. However, the government should reconsider its stand on taxi trade and offer them a hike of Rs 3 for minimum fare.\"The transport department said that even though the fare has been increased, it will put in place strict measures to safeguard commuter interests. More said, \"In addition to the existing penalties and action under the Motor Vehicle Act, we have now decided to register complaints under Section 120 of the Indian Penal Code against drivers and permit holders who tamper with meters or use bogus cards.\"In October 2011, the government had provided for a 50 paise hike for every subsequent km to Rs 7 from Rs 6.50. Five months later, in March 2012, autorickshaws and taxis were given an \"interim hike\" in basic fare to Rs 12 from Rs 11, and to Rs 17 from Rs 16, respectively. Cabbies also got a 50 paise hike for every subsequent km to Rs 10.50 from Rs 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691260", "title": "NSE flash crash pulls Nifty down by 15.5%", "text": "MUMBAI: A flash crash on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) on Friday morning due to erroneous trades by a dealer in 59 frontline stocks pulled the NSE-50 (Nifty) index down 15.5% to 4,888, raising questions about the robustness of the bourse's software and leaving the exchange red-faced on the eve of a visit by the finance minister to the city. It recovered at the end of day's trade to close at 5,747, down 41 while the sensex closed 120 points down at 18,938.Although NSE suspended Emkay Global Financial Services , the broking house where the trades had originated, the incident invited severe criticism from market players about why the trading was not automatically stopped by the exchange given Sebi's rules that stipulates a circuit filter should kick in when the index goes up or down 10%. In this case the trading was stopped when the index went down 15.5%, which also triggered stop losses for several investors, thus aggravating losses for no fault of theirs. The flash crash also prompted Sebi to start a preliminary investigation into the whole affair.Ravi Varanasi, head - business development, NSE was quoted in a statement saying that the circuit filter was triggered at 10% and the cash market was stopped, but the orders that were already in the system were executed in the next few seconds.Friday's session had started on a positive note with the Nifty up about 30 points. Then between 9.50 am and 9.52am, large chunks of several frontline stocks, that included RIL, Infosys, ICICI Bank , SBI, TCS and almost all the 50 Nifty constituents, were sold at prices which were about 20% lower than the previous closes. This led to a 899-point fall in Nifty within a few minutes, although as per NSE's September 28 circular trading should have been halted as soon as it crossed 570 points.On the BSE, trading continued undisrupted and a statement from the exchange, soon after the NSE incident, said that the market at BSE was \"working fine and trading members are informed that there are no issues technical or otherwise at BSE.\"Some marketmen are not buying into NSE's views. They questioned that if the cash market was stopped, how was it possible to execute orders even in a market which is shut. \"570 points becoming 900 in intra-day trade, which is around 16%, is unacceptable, unexplainable and cannot be tolerated when the circuit is at 10%,\" said Arun Kejriwal, director, KRIS, an investment advisory firm. Pointing at some of the recent system glitches at NSE, in April and May this year, Kejriwal said that such failures show something may be 'amiss at the leading bourse'. \"An enquiry of the highest order must be started by Sebi and the finance ministry immediately,\" he said.Market players also questioned NSE's decision to resume trading within 15 minutes after the shut down due to circuit breaker. A June 2001 Sebi circular stipulated that if trading is halted due to a 10% circuit breaker, either up or down, and if such stoppage happens before 1pm, the exchanges should give a one-hour gap before resuming trading. If the index again goes up or down and breaks the 15% level, there should be a two-hour halt. And if the change in the index is 20%, the exchanges should be shut for the day.For example, on May 18, 2009, soon after the Congress-led UPA came back to power with a better majority, the markets were closed within a minute of its start after the two leading indices, sensex and nifty, gained 10%. After trading resumed following an hour's gap, the markets were shut for the day when the indices shot past the 15% mark.There was also confusion among market players when an NSE official told Bloomberg that its circuit filters didn't work due to the speed of decline, while in the official release Varanasi was quoted as saying there was \"no question of any glitch or malfunctioning in NSE's systems\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16692672", "title": "A photography exhibition for wildlife enthusiasts", "text": "COIMBATORE: A week long wait was a treat for wildlife enthusiasts at the Techno Park Hall in Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU), thanks to a wildlife photography exhibition organised by OSAI, an environmental organisation.K Kalidasan, president of the organisation said that around a dozen well-known and amateur photographers' were exhibiting their talent. The theme of the exhibition was to convey the man-animal conflict and ways to contain them.Around 1,200 photographs were displayed at the exhibition. A series of photographs capturing a lion-tailed macaque crossing the road as motorists pass by reveals the effects of people encroaching on animal habitat. \"A few decades ago, these creatures would not have come to these areas,\" said retired dean of the wildlife institute of India, Dr AJT John Singh. \"After the roads in the forests were widened, these species had to access the roads to get to the trees on the other side. This may have been the first instance where the creatures were forced to leave their habitat,\" he said.The photographs showcase at least 300 species of birds of which many are endemic to the Western Ghats. This will be a chance for students and amateurs alike to make a visit and see for themselves the wonders of the wild. The photographers on display included Kalyan Varma, V Ram Narayanan, K Subhash Chander, P Balkrishnan, Prabhakar and numerous others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16689705", "title": "Indian Air Force could have changed 1962 China war outcome: Air chief Browne", "text": "NEW DELHI: The outcome of the 1962 war with China would have been different had the Air Force been used in an offensive role, Air Chief Marshal NAK Browne said here on Friday on the conflict in which India suffered a humiliating defeat.He said the Kargil conflict of 1999 would have dragged for another three months had the IAF not been used.\"Yes, no doubts about that. If air power was used at that time, the outcome would have been totally different,\" he said when asked if the result of the 1962 war would have been different had air power been used.The IAF chief was addressing the annual Air Force Day press conference.The issue of IAF not being used in the 1962 war is still debated by military historians and experts and there is no clarity as to why the air force was not used in that war.Browne said IAF was not allowed to be used in an offensive role and confined only to provide transport support to the Army and said \"these are open and glaring lessons we should have imbibed\".\"But this time, I can assure you there will be no such limitation. The IAF will play a leading role in not just against that or any other sector but anywhere,\" the IAF chief said.He said a seminar will be held on October 26 to discuss if the result of the 1962 war would have been different had the IAF been used and \"we are convinced that that it would have been different.\"Taking credit for ending the Kargil war, Browne said, \"If IAF had not got into the war at right point of time offensively, the Kargil conflict would have continued for another three months at those impossible heights for our young jawans and officers to be climbing up and losing lives.\"It is air power, which concluded that war.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16695856", "title": "Boy dies copying Salman Khan's train stunt in 'Ek Tha Tiger'", "text": "BANGALORE: A 16-year-old boy's desire to imitate Salman Khan's train stunt in the movie 'Ek Tha Tiger' has cost him his life.On Oct 3, Mohammed Faizan, a resident of New Bamboo Bazaar, bunked his first term examination and headed to the Cantonment railway station with two friends around 10.30am. Once there, the class X student climbed the Golden Chariot. He was thrown off the stationary train when he came close to a high-tension power line. He landed on the platform, head first, and sustained severe burns.Faizan wanted to show his friends how Salman Khan jumps off a train in 'Ek Tha Tiger', his cousin Irfan informed TOI.Nobody stopped Mohammed Faizan, 16, and his two friends when they climbed the Golden Chariot parked at the Cantonment railway station. Faizan wanted to show his buddies how Salman Khan jumps off a train in the movie 'Ek Tha Tiger'.\"With no one stopping him, it was a free run for the boy, who along with his two friends marched towards the area adjoining the railway quarters where the Golden Chariot was parked,\" police said.Faizan, a class X student, came close to a high-tension wire after he climbed the train, and was thrown off. Railway police attended to him, by which time his two friends escaped. Police called an ambulance, which rushed him to Victoria Hospital. His father Mushtaq Ahmed , who runs a hotel at New Bamboo Bazaar, Shivajinagar, was informed.\"The doctors in the burns ward, where he was admitted, advised us to shift him to Nimhans to treat his head injuries,\" Irfan said.At Nimhans, doctors diagnosed Faizan's injuries as grievous and said chances of his survival were bleak. He died in the hospital around 5am on Friday.Case of identification\"This is a case of total identification,\" said MS Thimmappa, psychologist and former VC, Bangalore University.\"I am surprised a 16-yearold boy tried to imitate that stunt. If he was younger, it would not have been so unexpected. Most of our movies and ads come with a caption, 'Do not imitate'. That is good. In this case, the boy had been encouraged by the milieu. In many cases like these, the only real entertainment is the movie character. The victim wouldn't have anything else to fall back upon, like music or reading, but would be heavily dependent on that mode of entertainment,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16693324", "title": "Two special trains to pass via city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In wake of the festive season, railways will ply special trains. One special train will ply between Gaya and Anand Vihar terminal (Delhi) while the other special train will ply between Sealdah and Anand Vihar terminal.Train numbers 02397/02398 will ply between Gaya and Anand Vihar terminal. It will depart from Gaya at 11:55pm and reach Mughalsarai at 3:05am, Allahabad at 5:48am, Kanpur at 8:55am and terminate at Anand Vihar terminal at 3:30pm. During the return journey, it will depart from Anand Vihar terminal at 11pm and reach Kanpur at 5:20am, Allahabad at 8:40am, Mughalsarai at 11:30am and terminate at Gaya at 3:15pm.The train will depart from Gaya every Monday, Wednesday and Friday from October 1 till November 30 and from Anand Vihar terminal end every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday from October 2 to November 1.This train will have one AC-II tier, two AC-III tier and 17 sleeper coaches.Train numbers 03189/03190 will ply between Sealdah and Anand Vihar terminal. It will depart from Sealdah at 9:05am and reach Burdwan at 10:30am, Durgapur at 11:25am, Asansol at 12 noon, Dhanbad at 1:15pm, Gaya at 4:15pm, Mughasarai at 8pm, Allahabad at 11:40pm, Kanpur at 2:45am and terminate at Anand Vihar terminal at 11:15am. During the return journey, the train will depart from Anand Vihar terminal at 12:30pm and reach Kanpur at 6:50pm, Allahabad at 9:40pm, Mughalsarai at 00:45am, Gaya at 4:25am, Dhanbad at 7;27am, Asansol at 8:23am, Durgapur at 8:57am, Burdwan at 9:41am and terminate at Sealdah at 11:05am. The train will depart from Sealdah on October 5 while it will leave Anand Vihar terminus on October 6. The train will comprise six AC-III tier, four sleeper and two SLR coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16693875", "title": "Crimes against girls begin very early", "text": "MUMBAI: The violence inflicted on three-month-old Aahuti Joshi by her parents that led to her death on Mondday is no aberration.Children in the city, particularly girls, are routinely beaten, battered and abused\u2014with more than one crime recorded against them daily. There is obviously much more abuse going on behind closed doors\u2014in homes and schools. Experts say many of these crimes are committed by citizens who vent their stress on the most vulnerable section of society.The city police's records reveal that over 425 violent crimes, mainly rapes and murders, were committed against children in Mumbai in 2011 alone.Juxtapose this chilling figure against the fact that Maharashtra remains the state with the poorest conviction rate (9.9%, against the national average of 34.6%) and you have a recipe for unchecked abuse of kids.The crimes underline another worrying trend: the girl child is being targeted more often. Last month, passers-by saw 25-year-old Reshma Waghmare, in a fit of rage, fling her twin four-year-old daughters from a skywalk outside Grant Road railway station. Earlier in the year, a seven-year-old girl landed up in Sion hospital with burns inflicted on her body.Statistics too bear this out. Of the 425 crimes against children last year, the biggest figure is that of 117 girls being raped. Police records also admit to five instances of foeticide/infanticide, a number child experts believe is highly underreported.\"When a child is battered or killed, the child is unwanted. In a society marked by preference for a son and where daughters are looked upon as a liability, girls are more at a risk of such crimes,\" said Nandita Gandhi of women resource centre Akshara, pointing out that the anti-girl preference is seen right from before birth (in prenatal sex determination) to recent instances of violence to medical neglect and abandonment.Nilima Mehta, former chairperson of the child welfare committee, believes the growth in recorded violence against children is an outcome of more robust crime reporting as well as a manifestation of the increasing stress in a city like Mumbai. \"These cases show an individual's inability to cope with frustration, anger or stress in life. Such crimes indicate that adults are venting their stress on children, who are the most vulnerable and voiceless section of society,\" said Mehta.Bruised babies landing up in hospitals are drawing concern the world over. A study released by Yale School of Medicine this week shows that child abuse in the US, in terms of head injuries, burns and fractures, has increased by 5% in the past 12 years.Pooja Taparia of voluntary organization Arpan, which works against child sexual abuse, believes empowering children from a very young age about abuse is one way to fight the evil. She says children should be equipped to tell the difference between safe and unsafe touch and encouraged to confide in parents and teachers if they feel violated.Others believe bringing offenders to book is the only solution. \"The increasing brutality indicates that fear of the law is going down,\" said Akshara's Nandita Gandhi. N D Jagtap, chairperson of the child welfare committee of suburban Mumbai, too, believes child offenders should be brought to book at the earliest.But the queue of cases is disappointing. Of the 17,383 child-related cases filed in various courts of Maharashtra, 94% were pending hearing at the end of 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16690970", "title": "Focus on Cheteshwar Pujara, Ishant Sharma as North take on West in Duleep Trophy", "text": "CHENNAI: All eyes will be on Ishant Sharma and Cheteshwar Pujara when North take on West in the Duleep Trophy quarterfinal at the MA Chidambaram Stadium starting Saturday with the focus being the high-profile home Test series against England next month.The lanky Ishant has been on the mend since undergoing an ankle surgery in March, and the nippy fast bowler from Delhi is taking the domestic route to test his form and fitness before staging his international comeback.The 24-year-old's last international appearance was the Adelaide Test in January, and after giving the IPL the miss following the surgery, the speedster marked his return to competitive cricket by bowling 25 overs spread over two innings during Rest of India's big win over Ranji Trophy champions Rajasthan in the Irani Cup in Bangalore last month.With two other Challenger Trophy games under his belt in Rajkot last week, Ishant, who has taken 133 wickets in 45 Tests, is expected to be in full flight in the opening game of the five-team inter-zonal tournament.\"Ishant's shaping up really well,\" North skipper Shikhar Dhawan said., adding, \"The wicket looks like it will do a bit for the bowlers.\"Saurashtra's Pujara is in pristine form since marking his international return with a 159 against visiting New Zealand as he succeeded his idol Rahul Dravid as India Test No. 3.Since then, Pujara, who is leading West Zone, has hit two fifties and two hundreds in his last four domestic outings, and credited the positives to a slight change in his stance and a still head at the point of meeting the ball.Left-arm spinner Harmeet Singh from Mumbai will be on view along with several other promising youngsters. East are the defending champions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16693817", "title": "HSRP contract will be retendered, says Dhavalikar", "text": "PANAJI: Transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar on Friday said that the HSRP contract will be retendered because the \"reasonability\" of the costs was never worked out.Dhavalikar said, \"The reasonability should have been worked out based on our population, our vehicles, etc. The prices of HSRP in Delhi are about 50% lower.\" Dhavalikar said he was unaware of the exact costs of HSRP in Delhi. The minister agreed that the vehicle population of Delhi was far higher but said that still the difference in pricing was too wide.Dhavalikar also said that one of the companies that had bid for the HSRP project had filed two litigations against the Goa government. \"One of their earlier litigations has been thrown out but the question still arises whether we should entertain a company that files litigations against us,\" Dhavalikar said.When reminded that the Supreme Court is keen that states implement the HSRP at the earliest, Dhavalikar said that though the apex court wants speedy implementation, the government also has to protect the interests of the people.\"Besides, if the company files another litigation against us and stops the work, then what do we do? We have to take all necessary precautions,\" Dhavalikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16695116", "title": "Karnataka bandh evokes good response", "text": "BANGALORE: The dawn-to-dusk 'Karnataka bandh' called by Kannada outfits to protest release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu on Saturday disrupted normal life in the city and river basin districts even as window-panes of some buses were damaged in stone-pelting incidents.In Bangalore city, some persons pelted stones on some Bangalore metropolitan transport corporation buses and damaged its window panes, police said.As per initial reports, the bandh has evoked good response with normal life affected in Bangalore, and Cauvery basin districts of Mandya, Mysore, Hassan and Chamarajanagar.In Bangalore, country's IT capital, roads which are generally choc-a-bloc with traffic wore a deserted look with people preferring to remain indoors barring few morning walkers.Some persons, who had come to visit the city, were seen stranded at railway stations and bus stands with buses belonging to Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) and Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation and even autorickshaws remaining off the roads.Activists belonging to pro-Kannada organisation, Karnataka Rakshana Vedike, staged protest marches in Nelamangala, Anekal and Doddaballapura in Bangalore Rural District, Superintendent of Police D Prakash said.The Chamundi Express was stopped at Srirangapatna and not allowed to proceed to Mysore, railway police said.The central study team, on its second day of visit for assessing the water-situation, undertook an aerial study in Harangi, Kabini and Hemavathy catchment area.Peaceful protest marches were held in Mandya and Mysore districts with farmers resorting to \"rasta roko\" in Srirangapatna and Gejjalagere in Mandya district, hotbed of the stir, police said.Security has been tightened with 80,000 police and other personnel being deployed to prevent any untoward incidents.The Karnataka government began releasing 9000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu after the Supreme Court asked it to abide by the September 19 directive of the Cauvery River Authority, headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , till October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16692911", "title": "Vehicles' sale up 500% in 6 yrs in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The number of vehicles sold in Bihar went up by 500% during the last six years. This indicates that the economic condition as well as the law and order scenario have improved in the state during the NDA regime.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said this on Friday while addressing the 48th annual session of Federation of Automobile Dealers' Association (FADA), jointly organized by FADA and Automobile Dealers' Association of Bihar (ADAB).Modi told the automobile dealers the state government would soon come up with a policy allowing dealers to give fitness certificate to vehicles and do 'dealer-point' registration of commercial vehicles. The 'dealer-point' registration is currently allowed only for private vehicles.\"We are also going to sign MoUs with various banks to facilitate vehicle loan to government employees,\" Modi said and added the state government would deduct the EMI from the employees' salary and deposit it in the banks. The state government would be the guarantor of its employees and repay the loan in case of default, he said.State transport minister Brishen Patel said as against 80,363 vehicles registered in 2005-06, four lakh vehicles were registered in the state in 2011-12. The transport department generates 70% of its revenue from vehicle registrations, he said.Expressing concern for road safety, Patel said the major reason for increasing number of road accidents in the state was lack of skilled drivers. \"We are planning to open few training institutes for the drivers soon,\" he said.State road construction department minister Nand Kishore Yadav attributed the increasing number of automobiles in the state to better condition of roads. \"In past seven years, the department has constructed 13,600km of top quality roads in the state. We have already constructed 850km of four-lane roads and plan to construct 1,150 km more,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16693383", "title": "I-League to kick off its sixteenth season", "text": "PANAJI: The National Football League turns sixteen this season. Clubs and players have risen to the occasion to bring that sparkle back and breathe life into the beautiful game.The 2012-13 I-League season could be the defining moment in Indian football.It augurs well that Indian football has started luring professional players from major Asian, European and African nations which include Japan, Australia, Lebanon, the Philippines, England, Spain and Cameroon apart from the Nigerians, Namibians, Brazilians and Nigerians that have flocked our shores.Going by the start of the season and the kind of bench strength they possess, Dempo, the defending champions, will remain the team to beat.That they comfortably made it to the final of the Federation Cup with just one foreigner in their ranks - Koko Sakibo who could probably find himself in the starting eleven less often - after the loss of Japanese attacking midfielder Ryuji Sueoka, goes to show the depth the Goans have in the team.Dempo's biggest threat stems from Salgaocar FC and Churchill Brothers SC. The rest of the bunch will have to punch above their weight in the long season ahead to stay in the race or avoid the drop, provided the I-League continues.Of course,much will depend on the quality of refereeing even after Mumbai and Goa will have the best facilities and playable ground conditions once renovations to the Cooperage and Nehru Stadiums are complete by January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16693199", "title": "What's coach Duncan Fletcher been up to?", "text": "MUMBAI: After yet another disappointing performance, this time in the World T20, the country is typically indulging in one of its favourite pastimes: crucifying the captain.It would perhaps be smarter to focus our attention elsewhere: the role of coach Duncan Fletcher and the impact he has had since he took over in April 2011.The media-shy former Zimbabwe batsman had proved to be a super coach when he was in the hot seat in England from 2000 to 2005; he was hired by BCCI when Gary Kirsten, who had worked under him at Western Province, and senior Indian cricketers plumped for him.Fletcher came with the reputation of being an exceptional man-manager and was said to have a way with younger players. According to former England skipper Nasser Hussain , with whom Fletcher struck a successful partnership, he was also an excellent batting coach who could deal with any technical shortcomings like a doctor would treat a patient.Eighteen months, eight humbling Test losses on the trot, 12 ODI defeats, including two tournaments where India didn't even qualify for the final and six T20 reversals later, it's almost impossible to see any positive contribution from him.Often on match-eves, one has seen visuals of Fletcher in close consultation with skipper MS Dhoni and they always seem to be having intense and important discussions.However, results don't seem to suggest that they had worked out something beneficial to the team, or indeed to the players who have been struggling. At this stage, it's only natural to raise the big question: what exactly has he done so far?While it can be argued that after Kirsten had combined with Dhoni to lead the Indian team to the pinnacle of the 50-overs and Test formats, the only direction that India could take was downwards.After all, the team was on the cusp of transition too and was on the verge of losing batting stalwarts ; worse, they were about to embark on tough, overseas sojourns. But the fall has been too drastic, too brutal.Journalists who toured with the Indian team on those ill-fated tours of England and Australia reported how the coach looked bereft of ideas and how every net session looked to be a mechanical affair. There was no effort or strategy made to deal with the problem of short-pitched deliveries.Neither were there one-on-one sessions with struggling batsmen, like Kirsten famously had with Sehwag and Tendulkar. Most importantly, Fletcher will have to accept that he was neither firm nor frank with the senior players about their future and their utility.Fletcher's phlegmatic attitude is not such a bad thing, especially in a country like India which is always given to hyperbole, a bit of anger and disappointment isn't too bad.Sehwag might not have become the player that he was between 2002 and 2006 if John Wright had probably not caught him by his collar at the Oval in 2002. Yuvraj Singh might not have had the desire to come back fitter and excel in the 2011 World Cup had Gary Kirsten not rebuked him with his now famous, \"Get your fitness in order. I think I'm fitter than you\" in 2010.While Greg Chappell was much maligned for his tendency to rub seniors the wrong way, even his worst critic Sourav Ganguly will admit that had the Aussie not rebuked him and taken him out of his comfort zone, he would never have mustered the anger, if not determination, to come back.It was reported that Fletcher had a long talk with the Indian players after they crashed out of the World T20, telling them not to worry as they had played well. That's plain sugar-coating of facts.India were probably the worst fielding side amongst the Test teams, their bowling was average, the batting was inconsistent and the captaincy was conservative.Fletcher still has six months left in his contract. He has the comfort of playing two tough opponents on home soil. It would work in Fletcher's favour to give the players a good, old-fashioned rocket at times and not indulge in ego-massaging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16691780", "title": "ATS seeks action against five telecom operators", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) has shot off a letter to the Telecom Enforcement, Resource and Monitoring (TERM) Cell, Bhopal, seeking action against five telecom operators holding them responsible for issuance of SIM cards to suspected terrorists.\"We have written to the regulatory agency for initiating legal action against the faulty companies,\" Vipin Maheshweri, chief of MP ATS told TOI.They should be penalised, he added.In July 2012, the ATS had issued notices to the chief executive officers (CEO) of Reliance, Vodafone, Tata, Airtel and Idea for not following due procedure while issuing SIM cards.The action was initiated after arrests of alleged Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) and Indian Mujahideen (IM) members from Bhopal and Jabalpur.Investigations revealed that accused Sheikh Mujeeb (Gujarat), Aslam (Khandwa), Habeeb (Ujjain,) Sajid (Ujjain), Abu Faizal (Mumbai), Ikrar (Ujjain), Mehboob (Khandwa) and Ezazuddin (Kareli) had obtained over a dozen SIM cards of these companies on fake identities.ATS came across several lacunae on part of the telecom operators during their investigations. \"Even set norms of verification were not followed,\" said the ATS officer. The CEO's were summoned for personal appearance asking \"why they should not be charged under sections of Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) for providing SIM cards to the suspected terrorists without proper verification process,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691389", "title": "RTO suspends trade licences of 3 auto dealers", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur RTO has suspended the trade certificates of three automobile dealers in the city for delivering new vehicles without registration numbers. These three automobile dealers include two two-wheeler dealers who have showrooms at Deonagar and at Baidyanath Square and a four-wheeler dealer whose showroom is at Civil Lines.Confirming the development, RTO, Sarjerao Shelke told TOI that these dealers cannot do business for 15-days from October 7 to October 22 under section 44 of the Central Motor Vehicle Rules. \"Besides this similar notices will also be served to another 10 dealers. These include some prominent four-wheeler dealers,\" he said.According to Shelke, if these dealers sell any vehicles during the suspension period of their trade certificates every vehicle sold will attract a penalty.City police had notified RTO many times that several vehicles were plying without a number plate. In fact these vehicles had been sold many months ago without being registered with the RTO.Following the complaints, the RTO has directed all 38 vehicle dealers which include both two and four-wheelers in the city to deliver vehicles to customers only after completing the registration formalities.\"They were directed to desist from the practice of allowing vehicles on roads without having completed the registration formalities and not to entertain customers who plead for registration at a later date and insist upon having their vehicles delivered to them first,\" he said. \"The dealers were asked to comply with these directives with immediate effect,\" said Shelke.Despite the directives, many dealers continue to deliver vehicles without registration numbers, even though the RTO is providing the registration number within three days, he said.Subsequently, a drive was launched on August 24 and vehicles plying with temporary registration numbers were seized. Driving without proper registration number is a punishable offence under Section 39 (1) of Motor Vehicle Act, this also empowers RTO to impose a fine up to Rs5,000.As per rules, vehicle owners have to get RC or registration certificate after obtaining a temporary registration number which is valid only for the purpose of taking the vehicle for registration in other RTO offices. The decision also assumes significance as a security measure, said Shelke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16694154", "title": "Vegetarian dishes titillate taste buds at food fest", "text": "RANCHI: The 'Awadh style' food fest of BIT, Mesra witnessed some sumptuous vegetarian delicacies drawing equal attention as their non-vegetarian counterparts. Students of the department of hotel management and catering technology (HMCT) at the institute rustled up some delicious vegetarian dishes to woo foodies challenging the time-tested and popular kebabs, koftas and tikkas in terms of presentation and taste.The likes of kalaudi, nargisi kofta, achari aloo and shahi tikka had huge takers inspite of the fact that they were vegetarian dishes. One of the key members of the department with student strength of around 250, Jayashree Choudhary said at the initial stage they were apprehensive of coming up with dishes in which Muslim Khansamas have monopoly and age-old command. \"We are still students who try to put theories into practice and while doing so we are doubly careful so as to retain the originality,\" she said.For any dish to taste good the choice of ingredients plays a special role in making it a success. \"Kebabs are made at different places but when it comes to Awadh what becomes important is the choice of spices. Similarly for making mixed vegetables such as Kalaudi the choice and quantity of spices used determines the taste,\" she said adding that they received appreciation for both veg and non-veg delights.Assistant professor of HMCT, Nishikant Kumar said apart from tasty dishes, Awadh style food is known for its presentation and the warmth with which it is served. \"When we are talking about Nawabs of Lucknow we must remember the high degree of courtesy and etiquettes involved in every step,\" he said.The theme encouraged the students to create an ambience for Nawabs during the fest where every guest was given the royal treatment. Choudhary said this was the first platform where they had a hands-on experience of managing budget, deciding food cost (Rs 230 per plate) and maintaining the Lucknowi etiquette.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692787", "title": "Students hijack bus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of Universal College of Engineering diverted an AMTS bus full with passengers to Sola Civil Hospital instead of its fixed destination Lapkaman. The students were angry after one of them, who was hanging at the entrance door because of the rush of passengers, fell and lost all the toes of his left foot.On Friday morning, the bus left Lal Darwaja for the Lapkaman area on the outskirts of the city which has three to four different colleges. As the frequency of buses to this destination is low, the bus was overloaded mainly with students.Between Dantali and Lapkaman, the bus hit a bump and the student, Parth Patel, fell out of the door. His left foot was crushed under the wheel of the bus which pulped all the toes. Enraged students put Parth back on the bus and forced the driver to drive to Sola Civil Hospital.\"We had no choice. The road was empty and there was little chance of getting transport to the hospital. The only alternative was to take the bus to Sola Civil,\" said a student. However, Patel had to be admitted to a private hospital after Sola Civil doctors said they couldn't help the student who needed advanced treatment.The bus was parked at Sola Civil for two hours, as the students wanted to file a complaint against the bus driver but Sola police said that the incident happened in the jurisdiction of Sarkhej police.Students said that Patel is the only support of his mother who is a heart patient. \"His father has died. His mother is a heart patient. We had to get him to medical help,\" said another student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16692624", "title": "'Pesticides lowering productivity, polluting lakes'", "text": "JAIPUR: Around 22 representatives from 18 countries gathered at an organic farm, nearly 22 km from Jaipur on Sikar Road, to share their experiences on climate change and sustainability. The programme funded by the Ministry of External Affairs was coordinated by The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) under the 'Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation (ITEC) programme.'They were here to discuss the topic 'Climate change and sustainability'.\"This is the second time we are here. This time we are sharing experiences about climate change and sustainability. Climate change is a global phenomenon but we are trying to see how we can contribute to its mitigation,\" said Innocent Patrick, who works with the ministry of water resources in Tanzania . Due to the rampant use of pesticides, fertility has gone down and lakes are getting polluted.\"This is primarily a study tour wherein participants are nominated through the ministry of external affairs in underdeveloped countries,\" said a source from TERI.Under ITEC and its corollary SCAAP (Special Commonwealth Assistance for Africa Programme), 158 countries in Asia &amp; the Pacific, Africa, Latin America &amp; the Caribbean and East &amp; Central Europe have been invited to share in the Indian development experience.\"The training course at Saharia Organic Farm is a good platform for capacity building and sharing experiences. We would also be looking at collaborating with farmers,\" said Mialy Raveloarison, directeaur, du develloppement du partenariat, Madagascar .In the recent years, enormous pressure has been put on ecosystems of developing countries to support the ever-growing demand for natural resources, so the conference focused on getting close to nature with organic farming. Among the experts were Harki Sidhu, renowned tea expert and organic guru, Dr R K Pathak, Dr L D Maheshwari and Brig. (Retd) A P Bhargava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16693680", "title": "Triple treat for Senhora D'Souza", "text": "MUMBAI: India junior No. 6 Senhora D'Souza demolished all opposition to help herself to a sensational triple crown in the Matunga Gymkhana 4-Star All Mumbai Table Tennis Tournament.Top seed in all three categories, D'Souza bagged the women's, youth girls and junior girls' titles after overcoming stiff competition in all the championship rounds.D'Souza kicked off a rewarding day with an exciting 4-1 win over unseeded Ashlesha Trehan in a close youth girls final. She followed it with another hard-fought 4-1 victory over unseeded Akshi Sancheti in a junior match that saw three games stretch into extra points.Finally, D'Souza snatched her third title when she again overcame Sancheti with a 4-1 win in a women's final that was another tight contest.Shubham Ambre was the other star of the competition when he earned the sub junior boys and youth boys' titles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16693534", "title": "Dengue claims doctor's life", "text": "A doctor succumbed to dengue at a private hospital in the city on Friday. Sources said Shruthi, aged around 24 years and a resident of Padmarao Nagar, was a house surgeon at MNR Dental College, Sangareddy district.She contracted the fever while she was in Sangareddy. As her condition worsened, she was brought to the city. Sources said she was admitted to Apollo Hospital, Secunderabad, on October 4 in a critical condition. She died on Friday. District medical and health officer Ananth Reddy said he was yet to receive a report from the hospital.\"Unofficially, I have heard the news but we are yet to get an official report from the hospital,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693622", "title": "Revamped ISBT dons swanky look", "text": "NEW DELHI: Get ready for an international experience at the Kashmere Gate inter-state bus terminus. The ISBT, which has been under renovation for much longer than planned, is all set to begin operations from next month. \"Of the 2,000 buses that operate from the ISBT, 500-600 had been diverted to the other bus terminals. They will resume operations from Kashmere Gate November onwards,\" said a senior official from the transport department. Though no date has been set for the inauguration of the revamped terminus, trials have already begun.The first look is certainly impressive. Shiny escalators take passengers to different levels \u2014 ticketing has been kept on one floor while the bus bay is underneath. Apart from that, the terminus boasts of glass elevators, an air-conditioned waiting lounge, food court, an enquiry booth right at the centre of the terminus and state-of-the-art toilets. \"The area for public use is almost complete, so starting operations will not be a problem,\" said the official. LED display boards have been fitted at the platforms. As part of the project, retrofitting of the building has been carried out to make it earthquake resistant.However, final touches are yet to be added. For instance, platforms still need to be numbered along with the seating facility for passengers in the area around the bus bay. Work on water recycling, air-conditioning and sewage still needs to be completed. Sources added that the public information system has also not been installed yet. \"Work on installing the machinery to announce arrivals and departure of buses and public help desks is still going on,\" added the official. Security equipment like metal detectors also have to be installed. \"High-resolution CCTV cameras across the terminus along with other security equipment such as boom-barriers and an access-controlled system for buses have been put in place,\" the official said.However, sources say that the initial hiccups have already been identified. \"Though a few ticket counters for short distance travel have been kept in the lower section, most of the ticketing counters fall in the upper section. Commuters feel that getting tickets from the upper level may be a problem as they may miss the bus,\" said the official.That's not all. While the fittings used for renovation are of an international standard, officials fear their usage may be a problem. In fact, two of the toilets which were in use during trials are already showing signs of rough usage. \"Most people coming here are not used to these kind of toilets,\" the official rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16692726", "title": "HC refuses to entertain Amin's bail plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday junked a bail plea filed by one of the accused cops in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, N K Amin.Justice Anant Dave refused to entertain the application and disposed it of on the ground of jurisdiction stating that the Supreme Court has already transferred the case to Mumbai. Senior counsel Ram Jethmalani appeared on behalf of Amin.Opposing Jethmalani's submission, CBI counsel Yogesh Ravani contended that the apex court has ordered to transfer the case with all its case papers to a Mumbai trial court. After this the Gujarat high court does not have jurisdiction over this case.Amin had sought regular bail for the second time. Earlier he was granted anticipatory bail in 2007, but the high court cancelled it in January 2008. Since then, he sought regular bail once, but without any success.The cop had even proposed to turn an approver at one stage in 2010, after the CBI took over the investigation. However, after a delay of six months in judicial process, he chose to withdraw his proposal. The CBI made this procrastination in judicial process one of the grounds in its plea before the SC to shift the fake encounter case outside Gujarat.Amin was the only officer from the city crime branch, who was arrested by the CID (crime) in this case, which was primarily projected as a joint operation by Gujarat's anti-terrorist squad and Rajasthan's special task force. Later, the CBI nabbed others, including the then Valsad SP Abhay Chudasama and former MoS home Amit Shah.In all, nineteen persons have been arraigned in this case, including 15 police officials. Seven of them have been released on bail, and they include three policemen - PI V A Rathod and two constables, Ajay Parmar and Santram Sharma. These three policemen have been cited as important witnesses by the CBI, which has even recommended their discharge from the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16692066", "title": "India Inc to Kashmir: Forget past, make up for lost time", "text": "SRINAGAR: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi , India Inc honchos Ratan Tata , Kumaramangalam Birla , Deepak Parekh , Rajiv Bajaj, Ashok Reddy and CM Omar Abdullah , all in one frame. As a line-up it doesn't get better. But talking to the great and good of Srinagar, India Inc did some plain speaking. For Kashmir to progress, it needs to forget the past and move in sync with the rest of the country.\"I often hear about the difficulties faced by Kashmiris, except there are parts of the country where people face even greater problems than in Kashmir. This is your state and you need to forget the past and try and make up for the time lost,\" said one CEO. This sentiment set the tone. There were no big announcements of investment. India Inc came, saw, and promised a helping hand. \"We can come in with training, skill development, but local businessmen must take the lead and work on the ground,\" said another prospective business partner. The caution displayed by the CEOs reflects the fallout of three years of unrest: in 2008, '09 and '10. \"The problem isn't physical security. It's that in a 2010-like situation, you just can't work. Your entire investment is in the line and, in today's global economy , even a day's delay can lead to massive losses,\" said a businessman.Physical security, though, isn't easy. Even as Rahul led his delegation to meet Kashmir University students, it was a heavy police presence that stopped hecklers from disrupting the event \u2014 a fact that no CEO would have missed. Even much-lionised schemes like Udan and Himayat designed by the Centre to tap into private sector resources to train Kashmiri youth haven't been runaway successes. From lack of adequate placements to the fact that many don't quite see the point of taking talented people out of Kashmir, there are concerns galore. \"There are some six lakh unemployed youths in J&amp;K.; What difference does taking 100 of them to Mumbai or Bangalore and giving them jobs, do to improve the situation in Kashmir? What we need are factories in the state,\" said a politician. For now, as the government hopes for peace to continue, the message from India Inc is clear: for them to invest , Kashmir will have to turn over a new leaf for it to reap the dividend.Basil Arjamand, a 4th semester student of business, said like him, many others would be enthused by Ratan Tata's offer to take bright students from the university for internship in his business ventures. \"Ratan Tata even offered to give scholarship to Kashmiri students who wish to go for higher studies outside the state,\" Basil said. It's not unusual for students here to face monetary problems in pursuing higher education. In that sense, Arjamand was voicing a concern that affects many youths in J&amp;K.; ( With inputs from M Saleem Pandit )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16692949", "title": "Variety fare at 'Saras Mela'", "text": "PATNA: The 13-day-long eighth 'Saras Mela', which began at the BSEB ground here on Wednesday, has all the arrangements for shopping and entertainment , what with 180 stalls offering a variety of items and mouth-watering delicacies.Organized by the state rural development department, in association with ministry of rural development, government of India, the Mela would conclude on October 15.Artisans from over 15 states have put up their products for display and sale in 160 stalls. Besides, there are 20 food stalls. There are also 25 educational stalls and one offering free blood sugar check-up.For women , the mela has lots of dressing options. Shyam Kumar from Gujarat has brought silk saris in the price range of Rs 350 to Rs 500 and bandhani suits for Rs 550 to Rs 750. Other options includes handloom suits brought by T Prashanti from Andhra Pradesh, chickan kurti from Uttar Pradesh, cotton suit with batik and Maheshwari work from MP, Bengali saris, katha work suit and crocia work dresses.Men can buy 'lungi' from Andhra Pradesh for Rs 120 and khadi kurta from Hardwar for Rs 250. There is also a wide range of Gujarati chappals, Punjabi juti and leather sandals for ladies.Among the accessories for women, Hyderabadi pearl, beaded jewelleries, silver coated jewelleries and various artificial accessories in the price range of Rs 20 to Rs 3,500 are available at the mela. Those who wish to buy something different can go for bags made from sitalpati in the price range of Rs 150 to Rs 300.There are also stalls of iron and wooden furniture, having items in the price range of Rs 450 to Rs 60,000. \"Every year by the end of mela, we sell all our products,\" said Shabbir from Saharanpur, owner of the wood furniture stall.For painting lovers, Suresh and Vasundhara, a couple from Kerala, has brought a collection which is made on bamboo mats. They can also make your sketch for Rs 150 within half an hour. Hindu gods' 3D pictures are also available at a stall from Chhattisgarh.The mela is open from 10am to 8pm. In the evening, the information and public relations department organizes a cultural programme, and a city-based theatre group, 'Swarangan', holds folk dance and song, street plays and dramas by various local artists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16691961", "title": "Festive season: Car dealers hopeful of good business", "text": "INDORE: Contrary to the speculations car sales in the city is not dropping. Despite the hike in price on most passenger cars and reports of a slowdown the sales figures and booking with most car dealers are not at all discouraging. Most showrooms have healthy bookings and hope to make good sales once the festive season begins on October 15.Car companies have hiked the prices in wake of increasing cost of fuel and transportation. The price hike had brought about speculation of a drop in sales.Praveen Patel, dealer for Maruti-Suzuki-the biggest car maker in the country, said, \"The prices have gone up in the range of Rs 3500 and Rs 6000, effective from October 3. Still, I don't see any impact on sales. Rather, I am hopeful of pick-up in sales during the ongoing festive season. We expect to achieve 30% of sales volume from this festive season alone.\"Overall, the company has sold a total of 93,988 units in September countrywide. This includes 5187 units for export. The company had sold 85,565 units in September 2011.Atul Sharma, CEO, Patwa Automotives, the local showroom for M&M; cars in Indore, said, \"Bookings have been overwhelming so far. In September alone, we were able to sell 350 units, compared to the mark of 300 achieved by us during Diwali festival last year. For October-November, we have projected the sales target 750-800 units.\"Anup Tiwari, GM, Volkswagen Indore, said, \"We had gone for a price correction 15 days ago. While we have increased the price of certain models in the range of Rs 5000-Rs 20,000, at the same time we have also reduced the price of certain other models. After having sold 60 units in September, we are hopeful of selling 100 units during October-November.\"A local dealer for General Motors requesting anonymity said, \"There is no word of price hike by my company so far.\"Aditya Kasliwal, a local dealer for Hyundai, said, \"The price hike on cars being sold by us is in the range of Rs 3000 and Rs 5000 effective from October 01. I do hope that things will improve since October 15 onwards when the Shraddha Paksha gets over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16693387", "title": "'Proper risk assessment a must for adopting safe biotech'", "text": "HYDERABAD: As director, Centre for Integrated Research in Bio-safety, University of Canterbury (New Zealand), Jack A Heinemann, along with his team, has been tirelessly working for years to contribute to an increased understanding and more effective management of emerging biotechnologies. He has also authored a chapter on biotechnology for the International Assessment on Agricultural Knowledge, Science and Technology for Development (IAASTD). Excerpts from an interview with Heinemann who was recently in Hyderabad to participate in the ongoing biodiversity meet, CoP-11.Q. What is the significance of the Cartagena Protocol? And what does it say about living modified organisms (LMOs)?A. Though the argument over the treaty often gets over-simplified into 'pro' or 'anti' LMOs, that is not what it encompasses. It is about undertaking proper risk assessment procedures so that biotechnologies can be safely introduced. It so happens that sometimes you are considered anti-technology if you talk about risk assessment. And that is because people who want to rush genetically modified organisms into commercial production consider this assessment as a burden. All the people here are genuinely concerned about risk assessment so that good biotechnologies can come forward.What do the parties to the convention, like India, set to gain from this treaty?The agreement sets the minimum standards of bio-safety that should be followed while countries trade with one another. If India becomes party to this treaty, other countries partnering with it will have more confidence in India because they will be assured of high bio-safety measures and more regulation. It might also help India get a premium price for its products.Considering bigger nations like US are not party to this bio-safety agreement, how is it likely to impact other countries trading with them?It is a matter of concern because these countries dominate the world in such trade. But having said that, it is also true that these nations are obligated to adhere to an international law. They cannot ignore that. So, if tomorrow a member country, while doing business with the US, asks for information on their exports, US will have to provide the same. It might not opt to do it by itself, but the country will have to honour a request.What has been your role in this convention?I am part of the ad hoc technical experts' group for the protocol. Over the past four years, we have been working on developing a risk assessment guidance document for parties, especially for parties who feel that they still need some assistance in risk management. We offer assistance right from the pre-field trial stage right up to the commercial release stage.How has the progress of the convention been so far?On the socio-economic front, which is also a key issue being discussed here, there has been some good progress. In the case of risk assessment, we are still at a challenging stage but are optimistic about a positive outcome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16693063", "title": "Fountain of Joy to spring back to life", "text": "KOLKATA: The Fountain of Joy, which had added colour and music to the Victoria Memorial grounds in the 1990s, will spring back to life by Puja.The musical fountain that power utility CESC had set up in 1991 to commemorate the city's tri-centenary celebrations had turned the area into a hotspot after dark. \"The Fountain of Joy was particularly popular with children,\" recalled writer Shankar.The fountain, however, lost its charm over time and the shows stopped by the turn of the century. With the rush of visitors gone, the area would turn into a criminal den after sundown. Families avoided the stretch and preferred to hang out near the Victoria south gate.It would have been left to rot but for chief minister Mamata Banerjee's penchant for lights and herkeenness to beautify the city so that it could rub shoulders with other megapolises. Sanjeev Goenka, who heads CESC, acknowledged the inspiration to revive the Fountain of Joy came from the CM. \"The new fountain will once again be a major attraction and rejuvenate the evenings for both Kolkatans and tourists,\" he said.\"Over the past two years, the city has been looking greener, cleaner and brighter. Making Kolkata one of India's most beautiful cities is a dream the CM is slowly turning into reality. The Fountain of Joy which was comatose is now ready to spring back to life like so much else in Bengal,\" said MP Derek O' Brien.To be inaugurated at the same site just before Pujas, the Rs 3-crore fountain will be more spectacular in technology and visual effects. The sophisticated system will have 150 channels available for water and light effects - more than any other musical fountain in India. In contrast, the old fountain had only 20 channels.The fountain will also have three tiers. \"The concept of a three-tier fountain pool surrounded by architectural and dynamic fountains in the intermediate and lower pools is quite unique in this subcontinent,\" claimed an engineer engaged in the project.The fountain will have a centre-fed circular water screen 6 metres high and 18 metres wide. In the upper pool, the fountain will have 99 water effects while the intermediate pool will have 20 water effects and another 30 special water effects in the lower pool. There will be an 80-metre-long water cascading area from the upper to the intermediate pool.The fountain will sport a large number of lights and light emitting diode (LED), parabolic aluminized reflector (PAR) lamps and other high watt reflectors capable of constantly changing colour to make the fountain attractive and eye-catching.\"The fountain is integrated with ultra-fast technology in which water effects will be controlled by pneumatically-assisted solenoid valves capable of opening and shutting 12 times a second, thereby resulting in water shooting in air at a spectacular speed,\" the engineer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16693291", "title": "Pakistani city with Guru Nanak link to get holy tag", "text": "AMRITSAR: In yet another step to improve Indo-Pak ties, Islamabad has started finalising modalities to declare the historical town of Hasan Abdal, a pilgrim centre for Sikhs, as holy city.Legend has it that the town was visited by Guru Nanak and his hand print is visible on a rock where Gurdwara Panja Sahib was built. The gurdwara is frequented by Sikhs from around the globe throughout the year.Pakistan's deputy secretary, Evacuee Trust Property Board (ETPB), Faraz Abbas told TOI over phone from Lahore on Friday that interior minister Rehman Mullick had agreed to give holy city status to Hasan Abdal during the visit of a delegation from International Council of Jurists, led by Adish C Aggarwal who met Rehman on October 2.Faraz said ETPB had provided various facilities, including setting up of lodges and langar area for the visiting devotees.Aggarwal said during his meeting with Mullick, he had urged the Pakistan minister to declare Hasan Abdal as holy city since it is one of the most revered gurdwaras.Mullick accepted the request and wrote a letter to Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal inviting him and his son Sukhbir to be part of the historical declaration sometime in October.Aggarwal said he would deliver Mullick's letter to the chief minister. \"The proposal was also accepted by Pakistani judges and lawyers who were with him. However, no official notification has been issued by the Pakistan government on this till now,\" he added.Thousands of Sikhs throng the gurdwara at Hasan Abdal, around 40km from Rawalpindi, on the eve of Baisakhi every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16693508", "title": "CPM men 'assaulted' by Trinamool", "text": "KOLKATA: CPM supporters heading for a rally at Jibantala area of Canning in South 24-Parganas were allegedly assaulted by the Trinamool Congress men on Friday. The CPM also accused the ruling party supporters of trying to prevent them from attending the rally.Nearly 2,000 Trinamool supporters, who wanted to switch over to the CPM, after losing faith in their leadership, had also gathered at the meeting. Tension mounted when CPM supporters accused the Trinamool of trying to prevent them from attending the rally. They were reportedly beaten up by the Trinamool supporters.The CPM cadres, however, managed to make it to the rally attended by where hundreds of supporters of the ruling party had gathered to switch to CPM, after losing faith in their leadership.The rally was attended by CPM leaders Abdur Rezzak Mollah and Sujan Chakraborty among others.Chakraborty who is also the CPM district secretary of South 24-Parganas said that some of their men who had earlier left the party were returning.Saukat Mollah, Canning II block president of Trinamool, said, \"As far we know, only one person has left the Trinamool. We will hold a counter meeting on Saturday,\" he said.Tension mounted at Jibantala area of Canning in South 24 Parganas on Friday where CPM men going to a party rally were assaulted allegedly by Trinamool men.It was already announced that about 2,000 Trinamool men will join the CPM. A meeting was scheduled at the spot on Friday. Rallies was coming in to attend the meeting.Tension occurred after the CPM alleged that a group of Trinamool men tried to stop them at about seven to eights spots. They also alleged that they were also beaten up by the Trinamool men. However, they managed to came in the meeting where CPM leaders Abdur Rezzak Molla, Sujan Chakraborty and others were presnt. Hundreds of panchayat level men of the Trinamool joined the CPM. They all said that the reason why they were returing to the CPM was that they had no faith on the current Trinamool leadership and that they were fed up over their work.CPM South 24 Parganas district secretary Sujan Chakraborty said that some of their men who had earlier left was returning and that many more will return soon.However, local Trinamool leader Saukat Mollah, who is the Canning II block president said that this was totally baseless that 2,000 of their men had joined the CPM. \"As far we know, only one has left the Trinamool. We will hold a counter meeting on Saturday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691833", "title": "Death on trek: Show us government policy, says court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court, while hearing a public interest litigation on Friday, directed the state government to reply whether it has a policy to regulate holiday camps.A division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and V K Tahilramani was hearing a PIL filed by Mulund couple Anil and Sunita Mahajan, whose son Harshal died on May 30, 2006 while he was on a trek-cum-adventure trip to Kulu-Manali conducted by a private operator. Harshal had just given his Class X exams.According to the petition, the tour was conducted by Sahyadri Adventure Foundation, which distributed pamphlets for a trek to the Mantalai Lake, located at an altitude of 4,047 m above sea level. Harshal joined other participants in Pune on May 23, 2006 and from there reached Delhi the following day.After reaching Delhi, in less than 24 hours the group left for the Manikaran base camp and arrived there on May 25, 2006. The trek began on May 26, 2006. The petition said the group got no time to adjust to the atmosphere before the trek. On May 30, 2006 the Mahajans received a message around 5.30pm that Harshal was serious and within a few hours were informed that he had died. The group leader said Harshal died due to scarcity of oxygen.The consumer court in November 2009 awarded the family Rs 2 lakh as compensation. The Mahajans have appealed against the order before the state commission.The Mahajans' advocate Uday Warunjikar argued that there is no control over hobby and adventure camps organized during the vacations. He said the parents were making representations to the authorities to look for government policies regulating or controlling such camps and activities but had received no response.\"We unfortunately lost our only son. We want to save other children,\" Warunjikar said on behalf of the couple.Additional government pleader Nitin Deshpande submitted that if the Mahajans want the policy, they \"must approach the concerned department under the Right to Information (Act)\".The judges reminded him that this is a PIL and not an \"adversarial\" litigation. Directing the government to file its reply, the judges posted the next hearing to November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16693838", "title": "Bandh call: Security tightened", "text": "DHARWAD: Security has been beefed up in Dharwad district to avert any untoward incident during the proposed Karnataka bandh on Saturday.Police have made elaborate security arrangements to ensure that normal life is not disrupted due to the bandh call given by certain organizations to protest Cauvery Regulatory Authority's direction to Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of water from Cauvery.Senior police officials told TOI on Friday that additional forces have been deployed in sensitive and important junctions and there will be continuous patrolling by mobile squads.Schools and PU colleges in the district have not declared holiday on Saturday as it happens to be the last working day before the winter vacation. The vacation starts from Sunday and ends on October 29. However the students coming to Dharwad and Hubli from surrounding villages may skip the college on Saturday fearing disruption in vehiculr movement. Many students staying in hostels have left for their villages/towns on Friday.While members of Karnataka Sene staged a protest near Alur Venktarao circle and DC's office in Dharwad on Friday and shouted slogans against the Prime Minister and Tamil Nadu chief minister, the members of Raitha Sangha and Hasiru Sene have planned to block the road near Tegur on Pune-Bangalore National Highway No 4 on Saturday morning.Unlike on other occasions, there has been spontaneous support emanating from various organizations for the bandh call. Normal life had been brought to standstill last week due to Bharat bandh call given by BJP and Left parties to protest hike in diesel price and cap on LPG cylinders. Now another bandh call within a short span has not gone well with the people.The Cauvery issue is perceived in north Karnataka as an issue concerning a part of south Karnataka. There is also a feeling that the people in south and coastal Karnataka have not responded positively to the calls given by the people in north Karnataka whenever there has been injustice to the region.\"When we were fighting for high court bench in north Karnataka and South Western Railway zone in Hubli and whenever there has been injustice to Karnataka in sharing of water from River Krishna, the people in south Karnataka have been indifferent to the issues. Why entire Karnataka should observe bandh for a cause concerning a few districts\" asked Ashok Kumar Desai, who has been part of several agitations.Veteran journalist and Karnatak Vidyavardhakh Sangha president Patil Putappa charged that the Centre is meting out step-motherly treatment to Karnataka and said the direction by the Cauvery Regulatory Authority to Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamilnadu is yet another example of the partisan attitude.He told reporters here on Friday that every Kannadiga should protest against this and respond positively to the Karnataka bandh call given by several organizations on Saturday. \"Without discriminating between north Karnataka and south Karnataka, everyone residing in Karnataka should voluntarily participate in the bandh and exert pressure on the Centre to reconsider its decision\", he asserted.Putappa stated that a memorandum of understanding (MoU) had been signed by the then Mysore Maharaja and the Madras Presidency regarding sharing of Cauvery water. However, after Karnataka was formed this MoU should have been diluted.This matter was brought before several governments, but unfortunately no political party in the state found it legitimate to dilute the MoU. Hence, every year battle for Cauvery water is going on, he said.The Centre has sent an expert team to study the inflow of water and the condition of the state farmers dependent on Cauvery for their agriculture. He hoped that the team would give a scientific report to the Union government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16693504", "title": "Laptop, mobile stolen from Salt Lake home", "text": "KOLKATA: Within 48 hours of the theft at a house in FD Block in Salt Lake, a group of miscreants struck at another house close by, in the EC Block, and decamped with a laptop, a cell phone and a wallet.The incident took place at the ground floor of the house, when the tenant S N Tiwari had gone to take the bath. After coming out of the washroom, he noticed that the valuables, kept near a window, were missing with the main door open.On Wednesday, some miscreants took away cash and gold jewellery worth several lakhs from a house at FD Block. The police are still probing the case.Incidents of snatching and theft are on the rise in Salt Lake, as residents say that they are still not feeling secure. A series of snatching have taken place recently in Salt Lake, including the one at GD Block, where a miscreant tried to snatch a mobile phone from a woman and then molested her after being caught red-handed.Locals said that many of these were happening in the broad daylight which is a matter of concern. With the Pujas round the corner, the police are beefing up the security. gearing up as in this time of the year, such petty crimes of snatching and burglaries only increase. Many people go out from their house for a vacation for some days, leaving their house empty. Some even hire private security guards to keep their house guarded.The police, however, maintain that they were keeping round-the-clock vigil in the township including having policemen on duty in all the entry points of the township. and the green police was also keeping on duty. Extra security arrangements during the pujas will be taken.Yet another burglary occurred at Salt Lake within a gap of 48 hours. A theft occurred at a house in EC Block on Friday from where miscreants took away a laptop, a mobile phone and a purse.It was only on last Wednesday that a theft occurred at FD Block, which is just opposite off EC Block. The miscreants had taken away cash and gold jewellery worth several lakhs. The police was looking into the case.The theft at EC Block on Friday occurred at the ground floor of the house where SN Tiwari lives as a tenant. He had gone to bath. After coming out he noticed that his laptop and a mobile phone that was kept near a window went missing. He also noticed that the main door was also wide open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16691910", "title": "It was time for comedy at IIM", "text": "INDORE: Varun Grover, the brain behind some of the most popular songs\u2014'Hunter' and 'Womania' performed a stand up comedy on the premises of IIM,Indore on Friday. He entertained the audience with his comic acts. Varun Grover, an IITian and a scriptwriter, has earlier written for the likes of Vinay Pathan, Shekhar Suman , Ranvir Shorey and others. He has also worked on the scripts of many popular television shows including \"The Great Indian Comedy Show\",\" Oye its Friday\" and \"Big Boss\". He regularly performs live at the famous- Comedy Store in Mumbai and even the Indian Habitat Centre in Delhi. The event organized by the literary committee- Literar-I of the Integrated Programme In Management (IPM) students got Varun here to interact with the IIM fraternity. Known for his sophisticated sense of humour, Varun engaged the crowd with his satire on Indian politics and the state of Indian economy.His take on cricket appealed the crowds. Varun took the evening forward with his popular poems and his captivating sense of humour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16692766", "title": "Freefall continues for DCHL scrip", "text": "HYDERABAD: News of newsprint supplier Adonis Limited dragging troubled Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd to the AP high court with a winding up plea to recover dues of around Rs 145 crore sent the company's scrip crashing on the bourses on Friday.The DCHL scrip inched closer to its all time low levels after it fell 4.85% on the Bombay Stock Exchange to close at Rs 9.03 a share on Friday. With this, DCHL's market capitalization is down to just Rs 188 crore.Based on Friday's closing price, the DCHL scrip is down by over 96% from its peak of Rs 270.10 scaled on January 4, 2008.DCHL, which listed on the bourses in December 2004, split the shares from a face value of Rs 10 to Rs 2 a share in 2007. DCHL's scrip had crashed to a life-time low of Rs 8.90 a share on September 21 this year. DCHL's newsprint supplier joins the growing queue of lenders taking the legal route to recover their dues from DCHL which are reported to be to the tune of nearly Rs 5,000 crore.While state-run IFCI was among the first to approach AP HC, Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT) and Company Law Board over recovery of Rs 25 crore worth of NCDs, others like Tata Capital and Kishore Biyani run Future group have gone to Bombay High Court over recovery of their monies.While banks and financial institutions like ICICI Bank, Kotak Mahindra and IDFC have already moved to DRT in the hope of recovering their dues, the former chief executive of DCHL's Indian Premier League cricket team Deccan Chargers has also filed an execution petition in the Secunderabad civil court seeking payment of over Rs 97 crore that was awarded to him by a London court for breach of contract.Karvy Stock Broking Ltd has also lodged a criminal complaint against the three promoters of DCHL - T Venkattram Reddy, T Vinayak Ravi Reddy and PK Iyer - alleging cheating and forgery with the Hyderabad police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693200", "title": "3 arrested for running fake placement agency", "text": "NEW DELHI: He was conned by a fake placement agency, but instead of alerting others he took to the same method of making money. Shiv Kumar Saini, along with his associates Fanni Malik and namesake Shiv Kumar, was arrested on Wednesday for cheating youths of lakhs of rupees. The arrests came following raids on two hotels in Paharganj.Fanni told cops he lured unemployed village youths by promising lucrative jobs abroad, while Saini and Shiv Kumar ran the racket from Himachal Pradesh. During questioning, Saini told police the idea for the racket germinated after a placement agent sent him to work in Dubai on a tourist visa. He, however, came back disappointed.Police said Saini engaged a number of agents to bring in unsuspecting villagers. \"The agents got a hefty cut. The accused used to interview the candidates, get fake application forms filled, and put the clients through a medical examination at a city clinic. After this, a part of the payment was made,\" said an officer. The accused frequently changed base on the pretext of completing the paperwork.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16694133", "title": "22-year-old shot at by bikers", "text": "RANCHI: Five unidentified shooters on Friday shot at 22-year-old Rinku Khan at Maulana Azad colony in Namkum lower bazaar locality. \"Three shooters were bike borne while the other two came on foot,\" a witness said.The victim, a student, was intercepted by the bike-borne youths, who had a brief talk with him after which they fired several shots at him. Locals rushed the victim to the RIMS where doctors said his condition was critical. Police said the boy suffered bullet injuries in his chest and the body. \"The investigation is on,\" said R D Singh, officer in-charge of Namkum police station.In the same area, atruck driver was shot dead by unidentified gunmen. Ram Ayodhaya Singh, who was rushed to RIMS succumbed to injuries in the evening. Singh was shot at after he resisted the move of the gunmen to loot the truck. Police said a group of local goons was trying to steal money from the driver's. \"An FIR was lodged according to the statements of the cleaner of the truck,\" said Singh. tnnLocals of Sinduar Toli blocked Karam Toli chowk for hours on Friday demanding compensation for the families of Harinandan Munda, who died in an accident last night. A SUV had rammed into his shop-cum-house last night when he was in his shop. Munda was critically injured in the incident and died at RIMS later in the day. Officer-in-charge Bariyatu police station Pramod Pandey held a talk with them but nothing transpired till late evening.\"We are trying to reach a compromise,\" said Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16691138", "title": "3 Kalamna cops caught taking bribe", "text": "NAGPUR: Kalamna police station in-charge senior inspector Sampat Chavan had warned his officials and constabularies a day before during the roll call that sleuths of state Anti-corruption bureau (ACB) were on the prowl and a trap could be in the offing.Within 24 hours, PI Chavan's words came true as three of his constables were caught in the trap of a Wardha-based team of the Nagpur ACB unit on Friday while accepting Rs 5,000 from a scrap dealer at his shop near Naka no. 4 on Kalamna-Kamptee Road.Head constable Vijay Salve (47), who was present when PI Chavan had warned his team, was among the three held. Salve was arrested with naik constable Rajendra Panekar (42) and constable Nikesh Hazare (30).Superintendent of police, ACB, Nisheeth Mishra said that he had to depute a team from Wardha to take guard leakage of information.The latest ACB action comes close on the heels of trap of senior police inspector Arun Rautwar and head constable Vinod Tiwari in separate cases in last one month.ACB sleuths had laid a trap following a complaint of harassment from scrap dealer Rajkumar Sahu against the constables. It is learnt that Salve headed one of the parties of the detection branch wing of Kalamna police station. Panekar was shifted to Salve's party around a week ago.It was first posting in the police station for Hazare who was in the reserve force at headquarters earlier. Salve was earlier at Lakadganj police station.It is learnt the cops had been threatening to implicate Sahu in a false case of purchasing stolen materials and committing theft if he did not extend monetary favours. It has also come to fore that earlier Sahu had been paying Rs 1,500 to some cops out of fear.The demand was raised to Rs 5,000 after the Ganpati festival and Sahu was unable to meet it.Panekar and Hazare reached Sahu's shop in the morning. They started threatening Sahu as usual. Shortly afterwards Salve too joined them. Panekar accepted the amount from Sahu after mounting pressure.The ACB sleuths nabbed the constables immediately after the transactions.A case was registered at Kalamna police station against the three under relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16691545", "title": "9% of Delhi power to be come from renewable sources", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking Delhi's climate change agenda forward, the power regulator has mandated that in the next five years, 9% of Delhi's power supply will come through renewable sources.The renewable purchase obligation (RPO), under which discoms will have to source a specific amount of power through renewable sources, was declared by Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission on October 1. For the current financial year, the minimum power to be sourced through renewable energy is 3.40% with a 0.15% solar component. \"The RPO was declared six months into the current financial year so at most, we will be required to meet only half of this quantum,\" said discom sources.While the environment lobby is thrilled with the order, discoms say that not only is the RPO overly ambitious but the decision will also lead to a tariff hike which the commission should be prepared to defend.Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd (TPDDL) CEO Praveer Sinha said it would take them at least six months to arrange for power since local generation within Delhiwas next to impossible. \"It will be tough to implement this immediately. We will have to tie up with other states and for this system, we will have to look at long term power purchase agreements. It is still too early to say but in case we are unable to source power through other states, we will have to consider investing in renewable energy certificates (REC). That, however, will be our last option,\" he said.RECs work like carbon credits. They are generated by those states that produce renewable power more than their respective RPOs. States that are unable to meet their RPOs, can purchase RECs from these states. However, since RECs are very expensive due to high cost of generating renewable power, the trade is low.Delhi is among the last few states in the country to announce an RPO. Since renewable energy is highly expensive to produce, RPO in some states is only an advisory.Delhi, meanwhile, will have to implement the order and discoms can be penalized for falling short of the mandated quantum for each year. TPDDL has set up solar plants in Delhi but it produces only two million units against the 12 million units required for the current year.Industry insiders say that apart from arranging for power, the government will face problem in determining the tariff. Solar power costs Rs 10-12 per unit while the other renewable sources cost Rs 4-5. It would require another change in the tariff structure and that is not likely to happen immediately. If discoms purchase RECs, they would be footing the bills and it will be accounted only next year in the revised tariff. \"Either way, Delhi should be prepared for rising power bills in the next few years,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16696090", "title": "Talking on mobiles for over 6 minutes can be dangerous", "text": "MUMBAI: You can reduce the radiation risks posed by cellphones if you religiously avoid talking on your mobile for more than six minutes. But since it can be an unrealistic target for many, using a speakerphone or headset and keeping the mobile at least a foot away from the body is the safest option, experts say.Most importantly, reduce the number of calls from cellphones and use the SMS option instead, or landlines whenever possible. Above all, don't forget to check the specific absorption rate (SAR) while buying a phone, it should be strictly 1.6 watt/kg and not beyond it, suggest telecommunication officials.If at all you are exposed to radiation from cell towers, or if your residence or office is within 1km from a TV tower or within 500 meters of an FM tower, then growing plants or trees with more water content, or putting water curtains on windows or galleries are other ways to divert radiation.But the best option is to complain against such a tower. An inter-ministerial committee of experts formed by the ministry of communications and information technology to study the hazards posed by cellphones and towers has already highlighted that radiation from cellphones and towers poses serious health risks, including loss of memory, lack of concentration, disturbance in digestive system and sleep disorders.In June last year, the WHO and International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) classified radiofrequency electromagnetic fields as Group 2B agents that could \"possibly be carcinogenic to humans,\" or in simpler words cause brain cancer. Globally, researches are still trying to gauge health hazards caused by prolonged use of cellphones.Senior consultant radiation oncologist Dr Anusheel Munshi said while more data is awaited, preliminary findings could be strong enough for people to think prevention. \"So far, prolonged usage for at least a decade has been linked with brain tumours. It is believed that constant exposure of certain regions of the brain to electromagnetic radiation is to blame for tumours,\" he said. Munshi also suggested that plug-in ear devices should be used more often and even texting could be used more frequently than talking.A paediatrician from civic-run Sion Hospital said cell phone usage should be kept to minimum for children. \"The damages could be more in case of children as their skull bones are thinner than adults and therefore electromagnetic radiation could penetrate deeper,\" the doctor said.R K Bhatnagar, advisor (technology ) to the department of telecommunications, said even corrective action such as reducing the frequency of the antennas, changing their position and direction can also help reduce the effects of radiation on humans. \"Re-engineering is possible in most cases, which can give lot of relief but in extreme cases removing them can be the final option,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16693968", "title": "Life in free fall for Kingfisher Airlines\u2019 unpaid staffers in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The chawls and slums of Mumbai have come a blessing for many Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) employees. Otherwise, technicians like Avinash Ghosh (name changed) would not have been able to afford a place to stay in.The financial stress faced by KFA employees came to the fore when the wife of an unpaid staffer killed herself in Delhi. Several other families are facing a similar situation and battling hard to make ends meet.Like a majority of KFA's 500 technicians, who carry out repair and maintenance work, Ghosh is not from Mumbai. Other employees in the low-salary bracket, such as ground staff and security personnel, are largely based in Mumbai and have families and friends to fall back upon.\"In June, I sent my wife and two-year-old son back to her parents' place in Kolkata as I could not afford to pay a rent of Rs 6,000 for our flat in Mira Road. Then, I moved into a chawl with three other technicians, who too had sent their families back. My rent came down to Rs 1,000. However, on August 20, we had to vacate the place. We have now moved into a place that is more like a slum,\" said Ghosh. \"I remember that date as a few days later, my seniors were talking about a tweet by Vijay Mallya . Apparently, he visited the unused Safdarjung airport in Delhi and his tweet said they should operate the airport or auction the land and spend on infrastructure and for the poor. His employees were also poor, we had remarked.\"At KFA, technicians' salaries range from Rs 10,000 to Rs 35,000. \"It is not that we do not want to work, but we cannot work. I do not have even the money to go to the airport every day. Most of us survive on vada pav and tea as food is costly in the airport area,\" said Ghosh, who used to earn Rs 15,000. The last salary he received was for the month of February.\"A few months ago, the airport drivers who worked on contract left. So, technicians like us now double as drivers. We ferry engineers and others to the parked aircraft for maintenance. We have sacrificed so much for this company. But today, we are called criminals,\" he rued.For Aircraft Maintenance Engineers (AME), the financial problems are of a different kind. \"Right now, I have Rs 7,000 in my account. Over the past few months, I have encashed my insurance policy, used my mutual fund savings, sold my car and borrowed Rs 20,000 from my father-in-law to sustain my family,\" said an AME. He lives in a rented accommodation with his wife and daughter in Kalina, but is planning to move to Virar. \"Two of my colleagues bought houses last year. Both had to sell their places as they could not pay the EMIs on time,\" he said.\"We cannot come to work as we can't spend on transport. But they say we will get 25% of a month's salary if we report to work. Middle management officials such as GMs and station managers earn brownie points with such ideas. When nothing works, they threaten to terminate us,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16693681", "title": "2 sent to court custody for sale of countrymade pistols", "text": "NASHIK: Two persons nabbed by the Upnagar police for their involvement in sale of countrymade pistols have been remanded to 14 days judicial custody by a local court.The Upnagar police have seized three country pistols and four 8 mm rounds from the accused.On Sunday, the Upnagar police had received information about a deal of pistols that was to take place in the Nashik Road area. Subsequently, senior police inspector of Upnagar Police Station, Babasaheb Budhwant, PSI Ganesh Giri, head constable Dada Gangurde and others laid a trap in Deolaligaon, where they found Billu Shaikh Mohammad, alias Mama, moving around suspiciously.The accused suspected police presence and tried to flee but was chased by the police and arrested. When frisked, the police found two countrymade pistols from him and four 8 mm rounds.The native of Kanpur had been arrested by Giri on a similar charge in 2011. The accused has also been arrested earlier in the case of vehicle theft. During probe, Mohammad, gave the name of his another partner in the crime, Sanjay Uttam Pawar (22). Acting on the information Pawar was arrested on Friday from the Wankhede Chawl, Gulabwadi area, in Deolaligaon, where the police seized one more countrymade revolver.Investigating officer PSI Ganesh Giri informed that the accused brought the revolvers at throwaway prices from Jainpur, in Kanpur, UP and sold it for Rs 10,000 and above.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16691851", "title": "125 plaints filed against cell towers", "text": "MUMBAI: On Friday, the second day since the inauguration of a helpline and web portal to file complaints against cell towers, the telecom department (DOT) witnessed registration of 125 fresh complaints by Mumbaikars.Nearly 160 complaints had already been registered with the DOT's telecom enforcement and resource monitoring (TERM) cell before the launch of the portal.In the absence of an online payment facility, more than 10 people approached the DOT's Juhu Road office with Rs 4,000 each in cash as fees for getting radiation checks done at their buildings. Meanwhile, checks on four towers in Andheri and Malabar Hill since Friday have found that the levels of radiation at these towers were within the prescribed limit of 450 milliwatts/sq m, said a senior DOT official.The first action against the cell phone tower happened last month when the DOT asked seven telecom operators, Reliance Communications , TTML, Airtel , Vodaphone, Idea Cellular , Aircel and Loop Telecom to stop radiating from their base transmission stations (BTSs) or cell towers antennas located on a tower at Kanjurmarg adjacent to Ekta Cooperative Housing Society. The action came after the DOT staff carried out random checking of antennas in Mumbai on September 12 to verify whether operators were complying with the new radiation levels prescribed by them. Nearly 32 officials from 11 different operators were also taken to Kanjurmarg site to show the non-complying radiation levels. Besides closing down the tower, companies will have to pay fine and will have to either replace antennas or shift them from the site, said R K Bhatnagar, Advisor (Technology) of DOT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16693337", "title": "Settle water bill in two instalments", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of their outreach programme to solve billing issues, Delhi Jal Board has said that consumers will be able to clear their outstanding bills in two installments between October 8 and December 7, 2012. However, the waiver of late payment surcharge for domestic consumers will only take place if the entire outstanding is cleared within this period.The zonal revenue officers have been told to attend to bill related grievances on all working days except Saturdays between 3 pm and 5 pm. On Saturdays, the ZROs will organize camps in areas where there are a substantial number of consumers facing bill related problems.Resident welfare associations and other representatives can contact their respective ZROs to organize such camps in their colonies. Lists of places where camps will be organized will be available on the DJB website after October 9, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16693031", "title": "A cylinder for 1,000? Not impossible", "text": "KOLKATA: Non-subsidised cylinders will force the people of Bengal to cough up a whopping Rs 1,025 crore a year - that's 35% of the state's total collection from diesel sales tax, cess and surcharge.Even leaving out the 10-15% diversion of domestic LPG for commercial purposes, the pinch to genuine domestic LPG users will be close to Rs 900 crore.What's more, the market price of LPG - that stands at Rs 913 for October in Bengal - will change every month depending on swings in the international market. For all you know, it may hit Rs 1,000 a cylinder next month. \"Oil marketing companies will review LPG prices every month,\" an official said. A subsidized cylinder costs Rs 401.TOI found that most households in Bengal use nine cylinders a year, which means they have to buy at least three non-subsidised cylinders.An oil company official pointed out that domestic LPG is cheaper in Bengal than many other states because there is no VAT here. \"Besides, the logistics cost is not too high here because the bulk of the LPG comes from Haldia and is bottled in plants spread all over the state,\" he said.Oil marketing firms have nine LPG bottling plants in Bengal. Indian Oil Petronas - the joint venture of IOC - also has one. Together, they produce much more LPG than the demand in the state. Bengal consumes around 6.10 crore domestic cylinders a year.From March to October, 49 lakh cylinders are sold per month and in the winter months, it rises marginally to 52-53 lakh cylinders a month.\"LPG consumption generally goes up in winter because of longer cooking time and the need for hot water,\" an IOC official said. The three oil giants - Indian Oil, Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan Petroleum - have around 68 lakh consumers in the state. \"It is likely to go up in next few months as lot of new applications is pending,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16694079", "title": "SAIL seminar on rolling steel", "text": "RANCHI: Rolling steel is the order of the day and when it comes to rolling and finishing technology, the steel majors want the best practices in the industry to improve quality of product. Understanding the market need, Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), organized an international conference on 'Rolling and Finishing Technology of Steel (RAFTS-2012)' which saw the presentation of 30 technical papers on the second day. While 15 papers were in the form of posters, eight manufacturers including three foreign delegates gave their presentation.The papers highlighted state-of-the art innovative solutions available in key areas such as roll manufacturing, quality improvement of rolled products, automation in rolling mills, developments in pickling, cold rolling, coating and long product rolling. Director (technical) SS Mohanty said that the importance of steel in economic development could not be ignored.\"Global overcapacity, rising cost of raw materials like coking coal and technological steps required to reduce the operating cost &amp; emissions by incorporation of new techonology is the need of the hour,\" he said. He also apprised the audience about the upcoming rolling mills in SAIL steel plants and the need for RDCIS intervention in technology adoption as well as new product development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16692040", "title": "Chennai explores its naughty side through \u2018grey\u2019 tales", "text": "CHENNAI: It's erotic, romantic and Chennai's lapping it up. Two months after it hit the stores in Chennai, E L James's soft-porn saga 'Fifty Shades of Grey' is flying off the shelves, faster than ever. Faster even than the stores can keep up.Odyssey in Adyar, for instance, has no copies left and is waiting impatiently for more stock of the book featuring Anastasia Steele's relationship with young billionaire Christian Grey. At Crossword in Alwarpet, more than 400 copies of the book, which has explicit erotic scenes featuring elements of sexual practices involving bondage, dominance, and sadism/masochism (BDSM), have been sold. With stocks fast running out, manager Stanley Jebakumar says they have already placed orders for 100 more.Library owners Sathish Kumar of Murugan Lending Library usually buys just three copies of every book published however popular because that has always been enough to keep up the circulation. But with 'Fifty Shades of Grey', Kumar says he has had to buy 50 copies and even that is not enough. \"We end up with just a copy or two in the library at any point of time,\" he says.Online libraries too say the book hardly remains with them for a day before the next order logs in for it. \"It's constantly coming in and out, possibly the most popular book at the moment,\" says Raji of Book and Borrow.\"For years, there have been so many books with explicit sexual scenes but I think this is the first time something like this has become so popular,\" says Shamala Raj, a homemaker. \"I think that being on the bestseller list before it came to Chennai gave it respectability. So people had no qualms about walking into a store and picking it up,\" she adds. Raj says that ever since she read the book a couple of months ago, she uses it as an ice breaker at most parties she attends.Dr Narayana Reddy, consultant in sexual medicine, says with all the hype, he had to read the book, and even bought a pirated copy of 'Fifty Shades Darker', the second book in the trilogy (the third being 'Fifty Shades Freed') off a pavement in New Delhi because he couldn't get the original. \"Over the last decade, sexuality is out in the open more, thanks to the media and the internet. So I am not surprised that the book is doing well.\"Meanwhile, the success of Fifty Shades seems to have sparked interest in other soft porn literature. Kumar, says that in the last ten days, romantic erotica sagas 'Eighty Days of Yellow', and 'Haven of Obedience' have more borrowers. \"I think for some time, such books will be in demand,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16691496", "title": "Panic grips after leopard attack", "text": "BHOPAL: Residents inhabiting bastis around Bhadbhada lived in a state of fear as the day-long exercise to catch strayed leopard from the vicinity of Bhadbhada and IIFM premises proved futile.The forest department has placed three trap-cages with baits at three locations around Bhadbhada hoping that the leopard that strayed from nearby jungle might be trapped. A team of forest department personnel carrying nets and tranquilizing gun to catch the wild animal was not of any help.The carnivore was reportedly spotted thrice between 11 am to 7 pm on the Indian Institute of Forest (IIFM) Management campus on Friday, but the forest department team which on its toes all through the day could not trap the animal.Ready with tranquilizing gun and a specially designed net to trap animals, the forest department team searched the IIFM campus close to Bhadhadha, including the CPA plantation. The team also burst firecracker through a customized gun to spot the leopard, but in vain.Close to half a dozen persons, including minors, have been attacked by the leopard in Bhadbhada basti that is believed to have strayed into residential area from adjoining jungles of Kaliasot and Kewa dam.Among those attacked, condition of Subhan Khan is stated to be critical. The three cages, one each on the IIFM campus and Bhadbhada basti and the CPA plantation opposite the Judicial Academy, have been waiting with baits to trap the leopard.Local residents preferred to stay indoors after the sunset. Those came out also moved in groups with sticks in their hands.The forest officials said two separate teams of 25-member each have been formed to keep a vigil in the area during the day and night.Chief conservator of forest (Bhopal circle) S S Rajput told TOI that the forest department would bear all medical expenses of the leopard victims. Immunoglobulin anti-rabies injection that cost around Rs 26,000 has been administered to Khan- the one who was critically injured, he added.The leopard is believed to have strayed from the Kaliasot jungles. After heavy rains all the water bodies beyond Bhadbhada are full including the Kaliasot dam, an official said, adding, the leopard that would have come from the jungles around Kaliasot has not been able to go back because of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16692312", "title": "One more dies of H1N1", "text": "PUNE: A 31-year-old woman from Baramati died of H1N1 influenza on Thursday.\"The condition of the woman was critical. She had tested positive for swine flu and died at Noble hospital,\" said medical officer of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).The H1N1 death toll since April is now 17.The woman had developed symptoms on September 24 and consulted a neighborhood doctor. Her condition, however, worsened and she was admitted to the Niramay hospital where she was put on ventilator support on October 2.Later, she was moved to Noble hospital.Four more persons tested positive for swine flu in the city on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16691895", "title": "Exhibition on Faiz Al Mawaid Al Burhaniya begins", "text": "INDORE: Chief Amil Shabbir Bhai Jamali inaugurated the eight-day exhibition on Faiz Al Mawaid Al Burhaniya on the premises of Saifi Nagar Masjid on Monday. It was done as per the directives of religious head of Dawoodi Bohra Samaj Dr Syedna Mohammad Burhanuddin and his successor Aliqdar Saiyyadi Mufaddal Bhai by Anjumane Saifi Dawoodi Bohra Jamaat, Indore.\"At the exhibition, various subjects including dates, rings, honey, and restrictions as per the Shariat, cleanliness and others are being touched upon. Various pictures related to life of the religious head Dr Syedna have also been put up,\" said Burhanuddin Sharuwala and Mazhar Hussain, spokespersons of the Dawoodi Bohra Jamaat adding that total 14 stalls have been set up. Significance of clothes worn while offering namaz, benefits of dates and honey and keeping house and locality clean is also being stressed upon.Earlier such exhibitions have been held at Mumbai and Surat, said Shakruwala adding that the exhibition would be open till October 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16693783", "title": "Sonsoddo see-saw continues", "text": "MARGAO: Fomento, concessionaire of the garbage treatment plant is working overtime to start trial runs of the plant soon; however, the draft addendum to the concession agreement is likely to spawn a debate over the issue of a probable revision in the project's cost, sources said.The Margao municipal council (MMC) is presently analyzing the draft addendum of the concession agreement that Fomento has sent to it for its approval. The addendum was necessary as several changes that took place subsequent to the signing of the concession agreement in February, 2011, led to a change in the scope of the work of the project.As per the original concession agreement, the Fomento-IL&FS; is to set up a 50-75 TPD (tons per day) capacity plant on design, build, own, operate and transfer (DBOOT) basis for a period of 25 years, at a cost of 7.31 crore within 17 months.Subsequent to the signing of the agreement, certain parameters of the project got changed. While the location of the plant was shifted to the 57,700 sq m of land adjoining the existing garbage dump, the new proposal for scientific capping of the garbage dump will do away with the necessity of segregating and treating the garbage dump. That apart, there have been some changes with regards to the conglomeration of firms constituting the concessionaire.In the draft addendum submitted to the MMC, Fomento stated that though the concession agreement was inked in February 2011, the land was handed over only in October, 2011, and the construction license for the project issued only in January, 2012.Fomento has insisted that the 17-month period be counted from the day the construction license was issued to it.\"All the consequential changes need to be incorporated in the addendum to the concession agreement. We have sent the draft to our municipal lawyer for his legal opinion,\" MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale, told TOI .The change in the scope of the work necessitating a revision in the cost of the project is likely to snowball into a contentious issue. While the MMC is likely to press for downward revision of the cost, Fomento may not agree to the suggestion, sources said. \"The scope of the work has reduced. As the MMC has decided on scientific capping of the existing garbage dumpsite, the concessionaire will be saved of the cost of segregating the old garbage dump. The cost will have to be proportionately reduced,\" a senior MMC official said.This view is contested by Fomento. \"The parameters were changed to suit the convenience of the MMC. In fact, we had to incur additional costs for the change in design of the machines, and for altered processes owing to the changed parameters,\" Fomento's chief executive officer of Fomento, Sridhar Kamat had told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-06"}
