{"city": "None", "code": "13021419", "title": "Akon to sing for Thaman?", "text": "Imagine international pop superstar Akon singing for a Telugu film. Well it could soon turn out to be a reality if music director Thaman manages to convince Akon. Apparently Thaman has formally approached the singing sensation to sing with a proposal to collaborate and waiting for Akon to respond. This was confirmed by script writer Gopi Mohan. \"Yes, Thaman is trying to get Akon on board to lend his voice for a song. He is yet to get a green signal from him,\" says Gopi Mohan. Apparently Thaman is desperately trying to get Akon to sing for NTR starrer Badshah. Srinu Vaitla is directing the movie. But Gopi Mohan seems to be in no mood to commit. \"You must ask Thaman the details about the song and the movie,\" says Gopi Mohan. Earlier also it was reported that Akon could be singing for Mahesh Babu's Businessman, but it did not materialize. Perhaps that's why the script writer is not confirming anything at the moment. Let's see if Akon accedes to Thaman's request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13014401", "title": "UPSC civil services exam result: Morshi girl secures 802 ranking", "text": "AMRAVATI: Clearing all myths related to competitive exams, Bhagyashri Banait, a small town girl, passed the UPSC exams to prove it to the world that only hard work and persistence was the only key to success. Assistant sales tax commissioner Bhagyashri, a resident of Morshi tehsil in Amravati district, secured 802 ranking in the examination. The news brought in huge relief to the girl who has been juggling responsibilities in office and home front too. Talking to TOI Bhagyashri said, \"It was never a cake walk for me. It was my third attempt during which I was suffering from severe jaundice. I was not sure of my success. Last time too I narrowly missed clearing the exam.\"Initially, I started studying for MPSC exam in 2004. Once I cracked MPSC, I focused on UPSC, explained Bhagyashri. On her success mantra, Bhagyashri said, \"I have almost proved it that small town students too can make it and that too without attending swanky coaching classes in metro cities. I prepared for UPSC while being in Morshi itself.\" She gives credit for success to her father later Bhimrao Banait, mother Tulsabai, former headmistress and her sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13023837", "title": "One individual could change a match in T20: Fleming", "text": "MUMBAI: Chennai Super Kings coach Stephen Fleming said the way Dwayne Smith won Sunday's match for Mumbai Indians, it shows the unpredictability of the Twenty20 format, in which one individual could change the result of a match with his performance.Smith, playing his first game after being flown in as a late replacement for the injured Australian Mitchell Johnson, piloted MI to a two-wicket win with a fine unbeaten knock of 24 off just nine balls, including a six and two fours in the last three balls.\"Take your hats off to (Dwayne) Smith, it was an amazing innings. We lost by a small margin. It was a real roller-coaster, wasn't it? That's the beauty of IPL. The nature of T20 is the game can be won or lost by an individual. We saw that today,\" said the former New Zealand skipper after his team lost the match in the last ball.Chasing 174 for victory, MI were cruising well at 144 for one with Sachin Tendulkar (74 off 44 balls) and Rohit Sharma (60 off 46 balls) going great guns with a splendid century partnership before the hosts lost wickets in a heap.\"It was a great game, phenomenal see-sawing throughout the game. We looked down and out but were back with great fielding,\" said Fleming, referring to the acrobatic catch taken by Faf du Plessis at short extra cover to send back Tendulkar that triggered a collapse which saw MI lose seven wickets for 15 runs.Fleming said Tendulkar, who missed a few games due to injury played a dynamic knock today.\"Won't say he has been struggling, but had not (been) the dynamic player before tonight. The partnership he had with Rohit was wonderful. What should have been a match-winning partnership was turned around with some splendid fielding. It was an outstanding and clever partnership,\" he said.Fleming said they are aware that to make the play-offs they now have to win three out of their last four games.\"Yes, we are aware. We have to win three out of the next four games. We have to lift ourselves. We created the opportunities to win tonight,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kakinada (ap)", "code": "13020369", "title": "6 Lankan fishermen arrested for entering Indian waters", "text": "KAKINADA (AP): Six Sri Lankan fishermen were arrested by Marine police here for illegally fishing in Indian waters off Nizampatnam coast in Andhra Pradesh's East Godavari district, police said on Sunday.The Coast Guard personnel first spotted a Sri Lankan boat with six fishermen on board during routine surveillance in Bay of Bengal on Friday.After verification, they seized the boat and handed it over to Kakinada Marine police, along with the apprehended fishermen and over 500 kg of tuna on Saturday evening, a Marine police official said.The Sri Lankan fishermen were booked under various sections of the Maritime Zones of India Act and were produced before a court for judicial remand, the official said, adding that the fishermen had intentionally entered Indian waters and \"illegally\" carried out fishing activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015672", "title": "Andhra Pradesh students' IIT party continues", "text": "HYDERABAD: Students from Andhra Pradesh have once again excelled in the IIT-JEE examinations that were held across the country on April 8.A quick scan of individual marks released by IIT on Saturday shows that at least a dozen students from the state have secured between 341 and 373 out of a total 401 marks.This is the first time that IIT has released scores prior to the announcement of rankings. The final rankings will be declared on May 18.Nishanth R, a student at a corporate college in the city, is being tipped to be the highest scorer in AP with 373 marks. Nishanth, according to his parents, put in as many as 10 hours of labour daily while preparing for the competitive examination.\"My son has always wanted to join IIT and has been working single-mindedly towards this goal.\"He is keen on enrolling either at IIT-Mumbai or IIT-Delhi, opting for either electronics or computer science,\" said proud father K Sridhar who is a superintendent engineer with the Warangal Municipal Corporation.Others like Sai Suman Jagadeesh from Nellore and Rajiv Reddy from Hyderabad, too, have scored high marks, obataining, respectively, 370 and 365 marks.\"My son wants to join IIT-Mumbai and pursue computer science,\" said Jagadeesh's father N Hareram, a government school teacher.The individual scorecards indicate that, this year, boys from the state have outshone girls. Among those figuring in the top 12, there are just about a couple of girls from the state.A total of 1.75 lakh students from the state took the IIT entrance this year. According to preliminary observations, coaching centres in Hyderabad claim that close to 300 students have made it to the national top 1,000. Annually, AP contributes about 20% of the IIT student strength.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13015407", "title": "Rampaging RKDF Institute of Science and Technology students torch two buses", "text": "BHOPAL: Angry over an alleged suicide of a student on the day of his birthday, over hundred students-including girls of the RKDF Institute of Science and Technology on Saturday set two college buses on fire, damaged vehicles, property, smashed window panes and resorted to stone-pelting. Tension was palpable on the institute campus near Misrod on Hoshangabad road till evening.On learning about the trouble, the police personnel rushed to the spot and cane-charged students, who were allegedly pelting stones at them when they were trying to bring the situation under control. The girl students also joined their male colleagues by throwing anything, including vegetables that they could their hands on. The trouble began when a student, Pancham, 18, was found hanging in his hostel room on the campus this morning.When Pancham's room remained bolted from inside till late in morning, some students broke open the door only to find him hanging. Soon the word about the suicide by Pancham got out and the situation spiralled out of control.Thereafter, some students gathered on the spot and started shouting slogans against the management. The students alleged that the deceased was hard up for money and was under the pressure from management to clear his dues. The deceased, who hailed from Allahabad, was a first year student of the mechanical branch. The deceased lived in room No. 110 of the institute's hostel, the police said.\"The management was forcing the students to vacate the hostel and had even locked the mess for the past few days and suspended other basic services like water and electricity. Students could not even get food from the mess for the past three days,\" said Sudheer Yadav, a batch-mate of the deceased. Yadav also confirmed that it was Pancham's birthday on Saturday. It is still not clear what forced the youth to take the extreme step.The police have denied recovering any suicide note from the spot. The deceased was under pressure as he was unable to clear three papers, the police said, adding investigations were on and action would be taken after ascertaining the responsible for the incident.The police said efforts were being made to contact someone from the management to initiate action. The senior officials believe that students were under the pressure from the management and the suicide was the trigger for their resorting to violent ways.Over two dozen students were detained from the institute's campus. The police force was deployed on the campus to prevent any untoward incident. Additional SP MS Verma said \"Resentment was brewing among students against the management and the incident was the outcome of that. A case will be registered against the students who indulged in unlawful act,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13017185", "title": "FIR against developer for selling plots without licence", "text": "GURGAON: Acting against \"erring\" developers, the department of Town and Country Planning has lodged an FIR against a builder in Gurgaon for selling plots without obtaining a licence from it. District Town Planner (DTP), Gurgaon, Anil Dabas said in a release that the builder company was booking plots in Sector 78 and 79 in Gurgaon under its project named 'Cambrian Island'.This is a prelaunch type of project and the company used to lure investors through advertisements on the internet though it still has no licence for selling plots, so thereby making the entire project illegal, he said. He said the FIR has been registered in Kherki Dhaula police station and the police were investigating the matter. Dabas appealed to prospective buyers to verify the legal status of any construction company from the local office of DTP before booking a a plot or a flat. No one can book or sell plots without obtaining a valid licence from the department of Town and Country Planning, Haryana, and if anyone does so it is illegal, he said. Getting a licence is a mandatory condition before launch or prelaunch of a construction project, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13016079", "title": "Woman falls on track at Central, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A 45-year-old woman died on Saturday after she slipped and fell on the track while trying to board a crowded unreserved compartment of the Chennai-Thiruvananthapuram Mail at Central railway station. The incident happened around 7.30pm.Police sources said Kunjamma of Kottayam was immediately rescued by people on the platform but she died on the spot due to shock. A railway police official said there was a rush to board the coach when Kunjamma lost her foothold and fell through the gap between the train and the platform. Her daughter Asha, a nurse in a private hospital here, was also with her. The body has been sent to the government general hospital for postmortem. Kunjamma was returning home after visiting Asha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13016006", "title": "Hartal partial, peaceful", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The hartal called by the UDF condemning the murder of Revolutionary Marxist Party (RMP) leader T P Chandrasekharan passed off peacefully in the city. No untoward incident was reported. Transport buses plied as usual. But private cars and autos stayed off the roads for at least a few hours in the morning.Around 11am, a group of Youth Congress activists took out a march to the secretariat, but the heavy posse of police stationed in front of the secretariat gate dispersed them. Mild tension prevailed after the activists blocked transport buses for sometime.However, there was no violence as police diverted transport buses.The hartal announced late on Friday night put hundreds of motorists in trouble as they could not find petrol pumps to fill fuel tanks.The only pump that functioned in the city, at Statue, witnessed long queues throughout the day.Shop owners who had pulled down shutters opened them by noon.In the morning hours, only medical shops and a few hotels had remained open.Film-buffs in the city were left dismayed as all cinemas had cancelled morning and noon shows. Movie-goers had converged in large numbers to see the new releases from early morning unaware of the hartal.Transport buses plied as usual. But private cars and autos stayed off the roads for at least a few hours in the morning", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13017107", "title": "Moms learn lessons at Montessori", "text": "BANGALORE: Mothers attending a Montessori facility in Bangalore are learning not to oppose their children's activities, even if they are repetitive.Anitha Mettukureu, a homemaker, was worried about her son. \"Arjun will start school soon, and I want to be sure about his development in school. The most important aspect I learnt during this course is never to oppose a child's activity as it is a major source of self-development. I wanted to know more about these methods to help my child understand things,\" she says.Quality Time For KidsSays Shamala Rao, director of the Indian Montessori Centre: \"As many as 40% women who take up the course do so in order to help their children. It is one of the ways to ensure effective parenting. We have 250-300 people coming every year for the course and many come just for their children. We have women who are doctors, engineers, IT and management professionals joining the training sessions because they want to some quality time with their children and this course gives enough opportunity for that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13015318", "title": "Activists condemn child begging racket", "text": "MUMBAI: For over three hours on a hot Mumbai afternoon, a woman carried a wailing three-month-old baby at a traffic signal in Andheri, cashing in on the misplaced sympathy of commuters to earn money.RTI activist Anil Galgali of the NGO Athak Seva Sangh has written several letters to railway authorities to put an end to this cruel practice. \"The begging racket is seemingly unstoppable today. There are close to 6,000 child beggars below the age of five at traffic signals alone. In fact, their own enterprising parents give babies 'on hire' to run this racket,\" said Galgali.He added, \"These children are lucky if they survive beyond the age of 10 without having an arm or leg forcibly amputated by their 'dadas' or masters. I would like the police to play a proactive role in stopping this cruelty.\"Krishna Hegde, an MLA from Vile Parle, said, \"I have seen beggar kids in my area and feel that the seniors could be exploiting them. It is horrendous to see small handicapped children beg. The labour department and police must act.\"A Mumbai crime branch official said that in many instances, babies are also kidnapped by organized beggar gangs. \"The sight of small children begging in public places moves people to give them money. But by doing so, they are making the children beggars for life and boosting the illegal trade,\" he said. Senior inspector of Bhandup police station, Shrirang Nadgauda, cited a recent case where a 30-year-old woman was arrested for kidnapping a two-and-a-half-year-old boy to force him into begging.In February 2009, shortly before the release of Slumdog Millionaire , UK citizen Geoff Chapman was so disturbed to read an article about how Indian children were crippled to beg on the streets that he wrote to Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh , asking him to do something about it. The Prime Minister's Office forwarded the letter to the home ministry, which in turn forwarded it to various state police heads. However, till date, little or no action has been taken to provide some relief to child beggars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13016777", "title": "Army recruitment rally gets moderate response", "text": "MYSORE: Around 550 of the 7,000 candidates who have appeared for the army recruitment rally, which is underway at Chamundi Vihar Stadium here, have been found fit at the screening level.Briefing mediapersons on the rally here on Saturday, Brigadier M M Gupta, deputy director general (states) of Recruiting Zone (Bangalore), said the response to the rally in the last four days was moderate. The army expects around 2,000 candidates from Karnataka every year -- which is 5.7% of the nation's Recruitable Male Population. Gupta called upon youngsters to join the armed forces, \"which gives good salary and other benefits\".\"So far, we have identified 35 uncertified or fake documents provided by the candidates. Candidates are allowed to submit residential and caste certificates in Kannada in order to provide them a fair chance. But after all tests, they have to produce the same in English,\" he added.The Brigadier advised the candidates not to fall prey to touts. \"No one can help people join the army by paying money,\" he said. The rally will conclude on May 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13019447", "title": "\u2018I am all partied out\u2019", "text": "Ever gone into a mode where you have partied so much that you don't ever want to leave your house? I am going through that phase, and I hope it is temporary.I am just happy to go for my assignments, gym, then come home and sit in front of my TV, watching American TV shows on my DVD player. I have been to so many parties this past month that I am all partied out. Now, I'm making excuses to everyone. In the last one week I have 'sprained my foot', 'had an upset stomach', 'visited Pune' and 'had to attend a friend's engagement party.' Now, I need more excuses. Because, honestly, I am bored of the social scene. I need to move to a new city.The tired faces all around me are getting to me. Wherever I look, whether it is across the room or on page 3 of a newspaper, it is the same old faces. The same old tired conversations. This city desperately needs new energy. These 40-plus page 3 faces who are seen at every party need to be put under house arrest. Also, if and when they are allowed back in, they should be barred from entering parties dressed in the clothes that are meant for their 20-year-old daughters. Am I ranting? Well, maybe I am. But it's enough to put you off page 3. There are no more young and pretty faces. Except in Bollywood , but that doesn't count. I am not sure now if what I'm feeling is party-fatigue or people-fatigue. Whatever it is, I am enjoying it. I love being in exile. I am not even missing meeting friends , whether at a nightclub for a drink, or for a cup of coffee, or a quiet dinner at home.I am spending alone time with myself doing things I like - watching TV, sleeping, jogging, reading and playing video games. The boyfriend cannot believe it. He thinks I am lying. He has been calling me incessantly to check what's wrong with me, and is flying down tomorrow to meet me.There goes my me-time. Sigh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13016743", "title": "Three Trichy girls missing", "text": "Trichy: City police received three separate missing complaints from the parents of three girls, including a minor school student.According to the police, A Monica Seles (21) a second-year engineering student studying in a private college in Trichy was a resident of Ponnagar area. On Thursday morning, she went to college as usual but failed to return home. After launching a search for her in many places, her father Arun Manicka Jayakumar lodged a complaint with the Cantonment police on Friday night.In another case, the all women police station in Srirangam received a complaint that T Lakshmi (17), an 11th standard student from Thiruvanaikaval had left home on May 2 for a holiday, but had not yet returned home. Her mother Chellam lodged a complaint with the police on Friday night. Police said she might be in Coonoor area by tracing her mobile number. A case has been registered.Another missing complaint was lodged in Woraiyur police station on Friday night that T Ramya (20), a resident of Woraiyur area had not returned home after leaving for work onn April 24. Her father Thavamani has lodged a complaint. Investigations have revealed that she could have eloped with her lover from Dindigul. A police team was sent to Dindigul to bring her back to Trichy.Police said they had to deal with at least three missing cases every week, many of which were related to love affairs rather than kidnapping cases.Recently, a 14-year-old girl who had eloped with her lover were traced and the couple were produced in the court last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13014975", "title": "Contractor pays Rs 10 lakh to kin of siblings who drowned", "text": "MUMBAI: Four days after three pre-teen brothers drowned in a ditch dug along the Mithi in Kurla (west), the contractor on Saturday paid a compensation of Rs 10 lakh to the victims' family.With no compensation clause being present in the tender conditions meant for contractors carrying out a civic project, the BMC had to have discussions with the contractor, who had dug the trench, before coming up with the sum. Corporators have also demanded that such a clause should be introduced so that errant contractors could not get away lightly.The final decision was taken after civic chief Sitaram Kunte on Saturday instructed additional municipal commsioner Mohan Adtani to visit the site and negotiate the amount with the contractor. \"There is no pre-determined amount of compensation,\" said Adtani, adding the sum had to be decided only after negotiations with the contractor. Chairman of standing committee Rahul Shewale also rued the fact that currently, there was no provision of a compensation policy \"unless it came from the government directly\".At present, the corporation has only two tender conditions for maintaining safety at sites. The first mandates that contractors barricade project sites and put up a sign warning passers-by. The second condition requires contractors to employ guards to keep 24x7 watch.Even in the past, corporators demanded stringent measures against contractors-whose negligence led to mishaps-in order to instil fear among others. Rais Shaikh, a Samajwadi Party group leader, said, \"Whenever such a death takes place due to the carelessness of a contractor, the BMC should initiate a case of criminal negligence against him. Contractors compromise on security to cut costs. A compensation clause should be added so that victims' families can receive some help from the BMC.\"On Tuesday, three pre-teen brothers-two twins and one of another pair of twins- drowned in a ditch dug along the Mithi at Kapadia Nagar in Kurla (W) while they were trying to retrieve a cricket ball from it. A civic contractor, Shyam Narayan, had got three trenches dug on the spot to store water required for building safety walls along the Mithi. According to residents, a query filed under RTI Act showed Narayan had violated CRZ-1 norms and did not follow safety measures before starting work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13016364", "title": "Indian steals antique idols from TN, sells them in US", "text": "CHENNAI: A UP-born US citizen who runs an antique shop-cum-gallery in New York with smuggled goods is the man the Tamil Nadu CID is hunting for in connection with the theft of 17 antique idols from state temples.Subhash Kapoor, arrested in Germany in October 2011, is said to be a vital link in an international idol smuggling racket. Apart from centuries-old idols stolen from south Indian temples, he is said to have a few Buddha statues whisked away from Kandahar in Afghanistan .On October 30, 2011, when Kapoor landed in Germany to visit an antique handicraft exhibition, immigration officials nabbed him and alerted the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). The CBI had sent out a red corner notice against him with the help of Interpol , saying he was wanted in an idol smuggling case. Sources said the CBI has initiated the process for Kapoor's extradition and has written to the external affairs ministry .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13015464", "title": "Corporators 'day-long' strike ends in 3 hours", "text": "NASHIK: Alleging that officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu did not have time to meet elected representatives of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), some corporators went on a day-long hunger strike on Saturday at the NMC headquarters, Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan, but the agitation was winded up in three hours.Dinkar Patil, Congress corporator from ward 17 (A), Lakshman Jaibhave and others staged a day's hunger strike to draw the attention of commissioner P Velrasu to their problems, alleging that had no time for the elected representatives of the house.\"Our charter of demands had a prominent demand that Velrasu should spare time for us. Besides, there were other demands as well, including a request for action against those involved in corruption regarding the storm water drainage system plan, setting up of primary and secondary schools etc. We presented the memorandum to deputy commissioner Deepak Kasar as the commissioner was in Mumbai,\" Dinkar Patil said.When asked why the day-long hunger strike was called off within three hours, Patil said it concluded with the presenting of the memorandum to officials. \"The officials were presented with the memo and they accepted it. We dispersed after that,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13015507", "title": "Inter student attempts suicide", "text": "A first year Intermediate student of Narayana Junior College attempted suicide by allegedly consuming All Out mosquito repellent at Ayyappa Society, Madhapur, on Saturday. Police said P Ramesh,15, is a boarding student of the college. At around 7.30 pm, he consumed the liquid and fell unconscious. He was shifted to hospital soon. Ramesh, a native of Chittoor, recently, wrote his SSC exam and took admission in the college before the results were out. \"But he could not take the pressure.Based on the student's statement, a case was registered against the college\", Madhapur inspector K Srinath Reddy said. The condition of the student is said to be stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014679", "title": "Mihan needs special incentives: Sancheti", "text": "NAGPUR: Newly-elected Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Sancheti believes that one big industry in Mihan can change the face of Nagpur as Indorama Synthetics had done some years ago. Interacting with mediapersons on Saturday, he promised to talk to some big industrialists with whom he has good relationships to set up units here. He, however, stressed that the task would become very easy if government gives incentives to industries to set up shop in Mihan. \"Why would any outsider come here if he doesn't get something extra?\" he asked.The second priority of the MP is to be instrumental in setting up some quality educational institutions in the region. \"Many brilliant teachers from Nagpur are working elsewhere. They want to return to their city but they need to be provided the required infrastructure,\" he said.Sancheti, who was so far identified as a close aide of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , is now trying to establish an independent political identity for himself. To make it to news pages, he is now attending local political programmes.The MP interacted with the local media in a session arranged by Nagpur Union of Working Journalists. Political inexperience was quite apparent as he spoke the unpleasant truth on many issues. He termed many demands of local politicians as unrealistic, pointing out that government did not have funds for these projects.The BJP leader, however, refused to comment on political controversial issues involving him like his role in Jharkhand government formation and defeat of BJP's Rajya Sabha candidate in the state.Sancheti, who has interest in the irrigation sector, said that the state government would have to spend half its budget if Vidarbha's irrigation backlog was to be removed. \"It is not that money was not sanctioned for our region. However, the projects started late and cost escalation was very high. In the beginning, the funds were used elsewhere because work on our projects had not started. Later, it became a habit. Now, the government can't do it,\" he said.On creation of a railway zone in the city, he said, \"The financial condition of railways is very bad. We should be thankful if it completes half its announced projects.\" On an AIIMS-like institution in the city, he said that it could not be set up by spending mere Rs 50 or Rs 100 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13017140", "title": "Two killed as speeding BMW rams Indigo", "text": "GURGAON: Two people, including a woman, were killed in a road accident near IFFCO Tower on Saturday afternoon. There was a head-on collision between two cars, which left four others injured. The cars involved in the crash were a speeding BMW and a Tata Indigo , which was a hired private vehicle. The impact of the collision killed two occupants in the Indigo car, including a woman and the car's driver, who died on the spot after the taxi was thrown up in the air and made a couple of summersaults before hitting the ground.The accident took place near IFFCO Tower in Sector 29 around 12.10pm.\"The BMW was in top speed. We heard a noise that was like a bomb blast,\" an eyewitness said.According to police, one Rajendra Chopra, 68, resident of Malviya Nagar, Delhi, with a heart condition was admitted in Medicity Medanata for the past three days and his heart surgery was to happen shortly. On Saturday morning, his family members had hired the Indigo car (DL-3TC-0366). After visiting the hospital in the morning they were going back to Delhi with the patient, Rajendra. In the car, Rajendra's wife Veena Chopra, son-in-law Sailesh Sethi, daughter Shama Chopra were sitting and Sanjay Gulati was the driver. By the time they reached near IFFCO Tower, a BMW car (HR 26 AV 0007) came from the side of the Sector 29 police station and collided with the Indigo head-on.The Indigo car fell around 45 feet away across the road. While Shama, who was thrown out of the car by the impact of the collision, driver Sanjay, resident of Todapur village of Delhi, died on the spot. The other three occupants were critically injured. Both the cars were mangled out of proportion.In the BMW, one Daksh Jaiswal was injured while the car driver fled the spot. Cops said the BMW car owner was Devendra Sehrawat, resident of Sector 14, Gurgaon and Daksh was the friend of Devendra's son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017344", "title": "Three of a family killed in accident at Dehu Road", "text": "PUNE: Three members of a family were killed and two others were injured when the car they were travelling in was hit by a truck near Alakapuri at Dehu Road on old Pune-Mumbai highway on Saturday morning.The Dehu Road police have identified the deceased as Vinayak Hari Bhise (75), his wife Nisha (62) and their daughter-in-law Sanika Salil Bhise (35), all residents of Padmavati.The injured, Salil Vinayak Bhise (40) and his son Anish (8), are undergoing treatment at a private hospital. Their condition is reported to be critical.According to the police, the Bhise family left Padmavati for the goddess Ekvira temple in Karla at about 5.45 am.Assistant sub-inspector R K Nirawade said that around 6.45 am, the driver of the truck, which was travelling in the same direction, lost control over the vehicle and the truck hit the car from behind.According to Nirawade, the passengers were rushed to the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital in Pimpri, but Vinayak, Nisha and Sanika were proclaimed dead by the doctors on arrival. The victims died due to head and internal injuries, he said. Nirawade said that Salil, who works in a private firm, was driving the car.Truck driver Irfan Ibrahim Mudasa (30) of Gujarat has been arrested for reckless driving under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13017167", "title": "Fatboy heals Metallica wounds", "text": "GURGAON: Around 1,000 people were present on Saturday evening to see Fatboy Slim, aka Norman Cook, play live in Gurgaon on his maiden tour to India. The first big music concert after the Metallica fiasco that happened last October was held without any hitch. The Millennium City has earned for a bad name for itself over the past couple of years with the organizers and the local administration failing to contain the crowd.As the crowd was continually bathed in colourful 3D laser lights, his mix of electronic dance music went from psychedelic to maniacal bass bombing. He dropped his favourite numbers such as Right Here Right Now, Weapon of Choice, Praise You, The Rockafeller Skank, and Champion Sound. By the end of the night, the crowd was still chanting his name.\"India has been a fantastic experience. I loved the fans and the whole experience of playing to a crowd of people who understand dance and music and have it running in their very blood. For the Indian fans, you have to know what exactly they would like to hear, to draw them in. The whole atmosphere is just insane,\" said Cook.Cook, who is going to perform in Bengaluru on Sunday, said that he was satisfied with the arrangements made for the concert. \"I have to say that the setup was stellar. I am glad that there was ample support tonight. The vibes were perfect and I am looking forward to the next trip,\" he said.Mostly, the cultural events are held at the Leisure Valley park, but this one was held at the HUDA grounds next to the IFFCO Chowk Metro station. The audience mainly consisted of people from Delhi and foreigners. \"India has a burgeoning electronic music scene of its own and is home to many international artists. We aim to bring world-class performers representing different genres of music to India in the future. An artist like Fatboy Slim is a dream come true for anyone and people from all over the globe specially travel to get a taste of what is called as the world's best electronic dance music experience. This is a once-in-a-lifetime experience which we have delivered very successfully to all his fans in India,\" said an organizer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13022537", "title": "Barreto leads Bagan to 2-0 win over Pune FC in I-League", "text": "KOLKATA: One of the longest-serving foreigners in the country, Jose Ramirez Barreto led Mohun Bagan to a 2-0 win over Pune FC in their last I-League fixture to bid an emotional farewell to the club which he represented 398 times from his association since 1999-2000 season.Mohun Bagan finished their I-League engagements with 47 points while Pune had to settle for 46.Barreto was leading the side with perfection right from the start as he gave a brilliant sixth minute goal, while the current Mohun Bagan heart-throb and Nigerian goal machine Odafa Okolie completed the tally with an 89th minute goal to make it really memorable.The 30,000-odd crowd gave a standing ovation to Barreto as he was adjudged man-of-the-match in his last appearance for Mohun Bagan.The Brazilian's spectacular left-foot finish from a Hudson Lima pass from the left flank was enough to get past a diving Pune FC goalkeeper Subrata Pal on his left, something that brought the lively crowd on to their feet.The Brazilian was all charged up as the crowd chanted 'Barreto, Barreto' as he led the side in his swansong match for Mohun Bagan. He even argued with the referee Santosh Kumar from Kerala to get across his point to entertain the crowd.Apart from occasional sparks from the visitors, Mohun Bagan dominated the proceedings.In fact, they could have easily scored at least a couple of more goals but Pune FC defence stood out with two brilliant goalline saves.Karma Tsewang thwarted a fine attempt by Sunil Chhetri four minutes after Barreto's strike.In the 54th minute Anas Edathodika made another goalline save from a combined effort by Barreto and Odafa Okolie.Pune FC muffed a fine chance in the 17th minute when Sriram Venkatesh could not finish after Mohun Bagan's Rakesh Masih fumbled from an Othallo Tabia cross.Substitute Mandjou Keita, who replaced Izumi Arata, almost broke the hearts of Mohun Bagan but his shot was wayward and the home side held their slender lead.Barreto was seen playing with a cramp midway into the second half but technical director Subrata Bhattacharya ensured that the Brazilian play the full match to win the hearts of green and maroon supporters.Just when it looked to to finish with Barreto's goal, Odafa made his presence felt with a powerful left-footer that was set up brilliantly by Syed Rahim Nabi from the midfield.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016657", "title": "Patna University colleges to be linked with net", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) is all set to become a Wi-Fi campus in the next academic session commencing in July. All its constituent colleges and postgraduate (PG) departments are being provided with the Internet connectivity so that they may get closely linked with each other and also with the outside institutions of higher education.PU computer centre in charge K P Singh said that as part of the National Knowledge Network Mission, the much-acclaimed project of the Union ministry of human resource development department, all colleges under the PU would be connected online with the university. A comprehensive survey of the proposed networking in all the postgraduate departments located at Patna College, Patna Science College and Darbhanga House complex has already been completed and report submitted to the state higher education department. The survey report has reportedly been sent to the state information technology department for verification.Singh said as soon as the verification work is completed, the work of laying optical fibre cables in and around the PU campus would be started by the BSNL, the government-authorized agency for laying the cable and providing Internet connectivity. The entire work is likely to be completed in a couple of months, he said.Once the process of networking is completed, PU would also think of introducing virtual classes. A student of B N College or Magadh Mahila College can attend the lecture delivered by a teacher of Patna Science College through networking.The postgraduate departments of PU would be provided 400 nodes (Internet connections). The cost incurred on networking would be borne by the central government (75%) and the state government (25%). The state government has also been approached for providing sufficient number of computers to the university for ensuring optimum utilization of networking.Meanwhile, the work for computerized evaluation of answer-books of degree examinations and preparation of examination results is also in progress. PU has already signed an MoU with a Bangalore-based firm for the purpose. The company would install large scanners and sufficient number of computers to facilitate scanning and evaluation of answer-books, said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13016326", "title": "Alappuzha Excise officials seize ganja", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The Alappuzha Excise Special Squad arrested a 27-year-old homestay operator and seized 8 ganja plants grown by him on the compound of the homestay in Alappuzha town on Saturday.Special Squad circle inspector Mohammed Newman said that they arrested Gireesh of Seaview Ward from his homestay 'Mushroom' for planting ganja plants on the compound of the homestay.He will be produced before Alappuzha judicial first class magistrate court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13015307", "title": "For metro-sexual looks and more", "text": "BHOPAL: This indeed is a welcome trend. Woman in Bhopal city are sweating it out in fitness centres to get that perfect look they say no beauty parlour can offer. Overcoming shyness, these health-conscious women are not just pumping iron \"more seriously\" than boys, but are also going that extra mile to adhere to their diet and workout charts prescribed by personal fitness trainers. Regular workouts at fitness centres have become an integral part of their lifestyle.Gone are those days when girls and women in a city like Bhopal, known for following its customs and traditions, would keep their longing for a good health and fitness confined to themselves. \"Following footsteps of women in leading metros like Delhi and Bangalore, an increasing number of girls and women in Bhopal are realizing that gymnasia and aerobics are not just about gaining muscles, but a habit that helps one lead a healthy life. Of late, the consciousness is more visible,\" said Mrinali Gour, counsellor at the Vishal Fitness Centre.\"It's not just about gaining a good figure and shedding that extra flab to attract boys. A good physique helps one get mental satisfaction and perform well in academic and other fields as well. Moreover, it is about gaining a metro persona that can embrace any lifestyle,\" said Piyasi Bhhatacharya, a resident of Surendra Place and a regular at a gym on Hoshangabad Road.As such, the number of girls and women going to gyms is on the rise in city. Making things easier for the fairer sex, most of the gyms offer all-women trainers, dieticians and physicians apart from \"only women hours\" that suits their routine. \"Compared to boys, the ratio in our gyms is 60:40. Of 1,200 members, more than 500 are girls and women. With the graph of consciousness for fitness on the rise especially among teenaged girls, the number is expected to go up further in days to come,\" said Annie Katare, head dietician at Talwalkar's Fitness Centre.\"Like anywhere else, girls and women at the gym too work more seriously than men. They rarely skip the workout routine, follow their trainer's instructions more seriously and stick to the prescribed diets earnestly. Unlike men who eat anywhere and any food irrespective of its nutritional value, women prefer eating healthy food. That most of them cook their own food is an added advantage. They can make requisite changes in their diet accordingly,\" Katare said.Though many have made working it out in gym a daily habit, some do come with a short-term goal. Archana (name changed) lifts dumbbells and sweats it out at the power yoga and aerobics arena of the gym to cut that extra flab she has. She has set a target to lose around 10 kg weight by August when she is due to marry. \"During my engagement ceremony day this February, my younger brother had overheard my to-be in-laws that I was a bit overweight. The next day I knocked the fitness centre door to help me out,\" she laughs. Not just young women but those above 40 years of age too make it to the gyms regularly. \"Women above 40 too are showing keen interest in fitness. Though most of them come to fight health problems like osteoporosis and menopausal problems, many work out to gain and maintain good health,\" said Katare.But out there are many who cannot make it to the gyms due to family restraints. \"There is a need to change the mindset. However, to girls and women who cannot join a fitness centre, I would advice to do power yoga and aerobics at home. Exercise is must for every woman. Simple exercises like rope-skipping would do,\" Katare advised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13016612", "title": "Specialpackage for Red-hit districts soon: Ramesh", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Prescribing a development, political and security mix to tackle Left-wing extremism, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh here on Saturday said his ministry was working on a special development plan for worst-hit Malkangiri and Sukma districts.Ramesh, who is on a two-day trip to Odisha, said the Centre has already launched an action plan for Saranda (envisaging expenditure of Rs 250-cr in two years) and Sarju areas (entailing spending of Rs 450-cr in two years) in Jharkhand. \"The third such programme will be taken up in the Malkangiri-Sukma region. Both these districts have witnessed abductions of their district collectors. We have begun work and aim to put in place the development plan involving roads, bridges, water supply and et al within three months,\" he told newsmen. Incidentally, R Vineel Krishna, who Maoists had kidnapped in February, 2011, when he was Malkangiri collector, is currently serving as private secretary to Ramesh.Stating that between Rs 200 crore and Rs 300 crore would be spent on the proposed Malkangiri-Sukma development plan, Ramesh specifically mentioned the proposed bridge over Gurupriya river that has been hanging fire for decades and said it was the \"single most important development activity for Malkangiri\". The state government has not been able to construct it so far due to Maoist problems.Ramesh said he had tried to ensure the Centre took up responsibility to build the bridge (which would connect Odisha mainland with more than 30,000 people, mostly tribals, residing in about 150 villages under eight panchayats), but to no avail.Noting that the Malkangiri-Sukma development plan would be an inter-state affair, Ramesh said he had spoken to Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh about it and shall be doing the same with Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik very soon. Though 78 districts across the country were Maoist-affected around 20 were 'core' Maoist-hit districts, he pointed out. \"In my view, the only way we can deal with the Maoist challenge is to combine development, political mobilization (like is being done by West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee in Jangalmahal) and security activities,\" he added.Linking mining with Maoist growth, the Union minister said, \"Unless we change our mindset towards mining, we are seeing that mining is equal to Maoism.\" He further said he had earlier suggested CM Naveen Patnaik to take a leaf out of a successful experiment in Maoist-hit Gadchiroli district of Maharashtra and empower gram sabhas to regulate bamboo trade so as to help them augment their resources. Gram sabhas in Gadchiroli have seen their annual revenue jump from Rs two lakh to Rs one crore, he said, adding, there are around 800 villages in extremist-affected pockets that could benefit from such an initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "13015435", "title": "Defence communication to be transformed: Lt Gen Kochhar", "text": "MHOW: Gearing up to face the future challenges and deal with the increasing geopolitical role of India, armed forces are moving towards modular form of communication from its traditional communication system. A dedicated defence communication satellite is in the offing.\"We are moving towards a modular form of communication system which is compact, easy to transport, connect and fit for all short of terrain,\" said signal officer-in-chief and senior colonel commandant, Corps of Signals Lt Gen S P Kochhar, while talking about challenges before armed forces and its preparedness. He was in Mhow to witness the passing out parade at Cadet Taining Wing of Military College of Telecommunication Engineering on Saturday.He said that right now we have terrain based communication systems that work for different terrains like desert, mountain etc. \"Till now our focus was limited within our territory of country as our primary job was to protect our borders, now the changing geopolitical scenario and increasing role of India at the global level has necessitated the need to update our communication systems. Now we have to see beyond our borders and in fact across continents.\"In order to counter the threat of outbreak of a nuclear strike armed forces has developed a communication system which will be in place even in case of nuclear attack. \"Risk and threat is always there so we have to be prepared and keep our system protected,\" said Kochhar.Meanwhile he pointed that in coming years threats will be different as wars are getting net-centric. \"In the coming years we will have to deal with our enemies more in virtual world then on ground,\" he observed adding that force is taking measure to deal with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014693", "title": "Major changes made to AIEEE seat allotment process", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Counselling Board (CCB), responsible for admissions to AIEEE candidates, has made four major changes which will be applicable from this year onwards. CCB-2012 chairman Sunil Kr Sarangi has mentioned in a letter that the changes are being made to 'further strengthen and improve the process.'The online counselling process was started a couple of years ago and from this year onwards, there will be provision for fresh registrations after the third round; addition of more reporting / help centres; reduction of one round of seat allotment to minimize the gap between starting of classes and end of admission process and automatic admission to Centrally Funded Institutions in spot selection.Candidates who eventually qualify in the AIEEE will need to keep the above changes in mind before applying for online counselling process. The results are expected to be declared on or before June 15.While the offline version of the exam was successfully held on April 29, the online exam schedule is set to begin from Monday. Since Nagpur is a totally online centre, the exam will be held on multiple dates, twice a day, so that candidates can choose according to their convenience. As TOI had reported earlier, the exam conducting body, CBSE, has also allowed absentees from the offline exam to appear in the online version.IT giant Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) will provide technological backup for conducting the exam across the country, whereas the physical infrastructure is being contracted from local colleges.Navneet Singh Tuli heads the Guru Nanak Group of Institutions from where two colleges will be used as AIEEE online centres. \"We have made all the arrangements for the exam and also ensured ample power backup just in case the electricity shuts off during the exam. Two generators of 125KV and one of 60KV will be servicing the buildings for a smooth rollout of the exam. People from TCS will conduct the exam and bring the software in which the questions will be loaded,\" said Tuli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015744", "title": "As deadline for tax deduction at source nears, city firms queue up before income tax offices", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the Union budget 2012 tightening the noose around firms delaying the process of TDS (tax deduction at source) filing, hectic activity has unfolded in the city. Both private and public parties who are required to file TDS are seen queuing up before the offices of chartered accountants to get their deductions processed well before the deadline. The last date for filing TDS returns for the last quarter (January-March) is May 15.As per clause 98 of direct taxes in the Finance bill 2012 (of the Union budget), all those filing incorrect TDS returns post the due date will face a penalty of anywhere between Rs 10,000 and Rs 1 lakh imposed by the income tax (I-T) department. So far, they were let off without any fine. \"Due to this revision, firms are now overly conscious and want to finish with the TDS filing at the earliest,\" said a CA from the city pointing out that until last year, many private companies in Hyderabad had delayed this process unnecessarily. \"There was no sense of urgency and firms filed their TDS only by the end of the year,\" the CA added. There are at least a few thousand private entities across the twin cities of whom many are yet to file their TDS for the years 2008 and 2009, sources claimed.But while private groups can still hope to escape the penalty net, government departments might have to cough up the amount as the budget has now made it mandatory for such offices to adhere to an additional 'security' measure before filing their TDS. \"Before the actual process, government departments have to secure a certain security code from the National Security Depository Limited (NSDL). But due to some technical glitch in the system this code is not being generated. It is, therefore, impossible for public departments to stick to the May 15 deadline,\" said Ritesh Mittal a chartered accountant associated with several government bodies in Hyderabad.While glad that the Centre has stepped up its check on those who need to file TDS, the Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Fapcci) feel that the penalty clause might unnecessarily add to the discretionary powers of the I-T officials. \"Officers will start levying any amount (between Rs 10,000 and Rs 1 lakh) on deductors as per their whims and fancies. This can become a matter of concern,\" said Abhay Kumar Jain, chairman (indirect taxes), Fapcci.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015756", "title": "Despite Telangana heat, city's Information Technology cup brimming over: Report", "text": "HYDERABAD: Last year's T-upheavals have failed to mar Hyderabad's image as one of the most-preferred destinations for IT/ITeS operations in the country thanks to availability of skilled manpower (compared to other metros), proactive government policies, reasonable and competitive realty prices as well as better infrastructure, according to leading realty consultancy firm Knight Frank.Knight Frank also estimates that new developments like the outer ring road project and the metro rail are expected to make Hyderabad an even more viable and attractive corporate destination in coming years.The firm's study of the office space market in the 2011-12 fiscal shows that a total of 5.4 million sq.ft was absorbed in the city. Of that 3 million sq.ft were taken up in the first half and the remaining 2.4 million during the second half of the fiscal. Interestingly, the IT/ITeS sector, which accounts for a lion's share of office space absorption, actually ramped up its share of total occupancy in the second half of the fiscal despite the Sakala Janula Samme crippling the city in September and October of last year.In the first half, IT/ITeS accounted for 78% or 2.3 million sq.ft of the total office space absorption of 3 million sq.ft in the city thanks to players like Facebook, Convergys , Cognizant and IBM lapping up space. But, in the second half, the sector accounted for a whopping 88% or 2.1 million sq.ft out of the total office space absorption of 2.4 million sq.ft as players like Genpact, Google India, Amazon, DuPont and Cognizant stepped up their presence in the city.Some of the big-ticket office deals concluded in the city during the fiscal in question includes the 4.5 lakh sq.ft space picked up by Deloitte in Hitech City, 3.5 lakh sq.ft taken over by Cognizant at Gachibowli, 2.2 lakh sq.ft acquired by IBM at Manikonda and over 1.17 lakh sq.ft picked up by Google India at Kondapur.\"In the past one year, despite political agitations in the region and weak sentiment on the global economic front, the office market in Hyderabad firmed up and continued to attract newer occupants,\" said the report by Knight Frank India research head, Samantak Das.And things are only expected to look up for the city in the coming year with a number of Grade A projects scheduled to become operational by the end of 2012. Also, several projects, albeit smaller ones, are coming up in the central business district (CBD) areas of Begumpet, SP Road, Punjagutta, Somajiguda and Ameerpet and non-CBD areas of Banjara Hills and Jubilee Hills thanks to the growing popularity of non-IT/ITeS space along with the proliferation of newer sectors like manufacturing and telecom into the city, the report has found.Apart from IT/ITeS sector, BFSI (banking, financial services and insurance) sector drove demand for office space in the city with players like Bank of America and First America picking up space in Hi-Tec City, Standard Chartered Bank in Jubilee Hills and ICICI Lombard in ICICI Towers in Gachibowli.Interestingly, the IT/ITeS sector, which accounts for a lion's share of office space absorption, ramped up its share of total occupancy in the second half of the fiscal despite the Sakala Janula Samme crippling the city in September and October of last year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bolangir", "code": "13024421", "title": "Five Germans defy ban, visit Maoist-hit areas", "text": "BOLANGIR: Defying ban orders, five Germans entered a Maoist-hit area in Bolangir district and stayed there for a week before being picked up by police.The Germans stayed at Turla, about 80 km from here, without the knowledge of police and administration, police said today. When the matter came to light through local media, police picked up the foreigners from the premises of an NGO along with its founder Annata Putel yesterday.After interrogation and verification of their passports and visa, the foreign nationals were asked not to visit any Maoist-affected area, police said.Following abduction of two Italians by Maoists on March 14 in Kandhamal district, visit of foreigners to such areas in the state was banned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13015864", "title": "Cops grill lensman, mistaking him for murder suspect", "text": "CHENNAI: Armed with CCTV footage of Maduravoyal pawn broker B Gunaram's killer, a city police team thought they almost got the assailant. Only that he turned out to be a photographer of a Tamil Daily who happened to closely resemble the suspect.After Gunaram, a native of Rajasthan, was found dead in his shop with his throat slit on May 14, police had collected CCTV grabs of a well-built man in a blue-and-white T-shirt and jeans. On receiving a 'tip-off' from a person in New Washermanpet, where the photographer lives, a police team from Tondiarpet station had been on his trail from Wednesday.They snooped around his house and promised a few neighbours a reward if they helped them nab the suspect. They kept a watch on him and followed him to his office in Mount Road. S Ramesh, the photographer, got to know of the investigation only on Thursday when a friend told him what the police team was up to.\"The same evening some policemen came to my house,\" said Ramesh. \"They searched my place. Finding my house being whitewashed, they asked me from where I got the money to renovate my house.\" Ramesh, who knew the police inspector, went to the station, and was told not to worry.On Friday, the special team of policemen drawn from different stations went to his office. They told the security that they had come to place an advertisement in the paper. Once inside, they told Ramesh about their suspicion and questioned him. \"After two hours, they realised that I am but a lookalike of the suspect,\" Ramesh said.Maduravoyal inspector John Arumairaj said the police team questioned him after they received a call. \"He looked so similar to the suspect. So we questioned him and let him off later,\" the inspector said.B Gunaram was found dead in his shop on N T Patel Road in Maduravoyal on May 14. After studying the CCTV footage, police said the suspect entered the shop at 11.35am and approached Gunaram on the pretext of asking for jewellery designs. When Gunaram went in to bring the jewellery from the locker room, the man followed him and killed him.Following this, police released the killer's picture and also announced a reward of Rs 25,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13016655", "title": "7 get rigorous imprisonment for Kandhamal riots", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A fast track court at Phulabani in Kandhamal district on Saturday sentenced seven persons to five years rigorous imprisonment for setting fire to houses of a minority community and rioting in Kandhamal district in 2008.The fast track court-1 judge Sovan Kumar Das, while sentencing the persons from Majumaha village under Raikia police station limit in the district, imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 each for setting ablaze the houses on August 28, 2008, said public prosecutor S C Mohapatra.Widespread communal riots had rocked the district after the murder of senior VHP leader Swami Laxmananda Saraswati, along with four disciples, at his Jalespeta ashram on August 23, 2008.The violence had claimed at least 40 lives and destruction of several residential and prayer houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "13016756", "title": "Two DMK men held on land grab charges", "text": "DINDIGUL: The District Crime Branch on Friday arrested two DMK functionaries who were earlier booked under land grabbing charges.Natarajamurthy from Mottanampatti filed a complaint with the anti-land grabbing cell stating that six persons instigated by DMK union secretary, K Vijayan from Sanarpatti had encroached on his 4 acre land in Mottanampatti. Based on the complaint, a case has been filed and Vijayan was arrested by the police. He was later released on bail. Under these circumstances, the District Crime Branch picked up another two accused in the case. Alagumalai and Soundaram from V Sithur were picked up by the police on Friday and were remanded.In Tirunelveli, land grab charges were booked on two persons who were allegedly close relatives of DMK district secretary, Karupasamy Pandian. Stalin Pandian and his son Muthukumaran from Pettai were booked on land grab charges based on the court direction. Kadher Basha from Pettai had approached the court pleading to redeem the land which belonged to the mosque in the area which was allegedly enjoyed by Stalin Pandian and Muthukumaran. The court had directed to act upon the petition in the month of December. However, after no action was taken, Basha approached the court again pleading for its intervention. The court directed the police to file a case in this regard.Based on the court direction, police filed cases on Stalin Pandian and Muthukumaran and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13021695", "title": "5-yr-old boy's body found, leopard attack suspected", "text": "MUMBAI: Body of a five years old boy, who had gone missing 12 days ago, was today found at Aarey Colony in suburban Goregaon, police said here today.The boy - Sunny Soni - went missing from his shanty inside the Aarey Colony almost two weeks back.A passer-by today saw blood-stained clothes in the bushes in the vicinity, and the police were informed.The search revealed the body. \"The body seems like it has been mauled by an animal. People have claimed to have spotted a leopard in the area. The body has been sent for postmortem to ascertain the cause of death,\" a police official said.The area is close to Sanjay Gandhi National Park, which houses leopards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13014987", "title": "Seats on new local trains not comfortable: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Uncomfortable seats with little leg space seems to top the complaint list of commuters on Mumbai's suburban railway network.A survey conducted by the Integral Coach Factory in March indicates that daily passengers of local trains, who spend a considerable amount of time jostling inside packed coaches, are mighty unsatisfied with the seating arrangements in the new white-and-purple rakes introduced a few years ago.A questionnaire was sent to 473 commuters who were asked about their opinion on 33 topics including seat designs, ventilation, illumination, hand-grips and requirement of charging points. The answers showed that the biggest grudge was the seating arrangement, with commuters of both first and second classes demanding more comfortable facilities. Nearly 27% of those surveyed are dissatisfaction with the design, including the cushion seats in first classes, and 42% want more space than the 18-inch gap between two opposite seats. A considerable number of passengers, 30%, want headrests and points to charge mobiles and laptops.Shailesh Goyal of Zonal Rail Users Consultative Committee said, \"Seats in the first class should have designs like that of chair cars, which is similar to that on Airport Express Metro in Delhi.\" Agreeing with him, a Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation official said, \"Travelling experience in second class improved more than that on first classes. In first-class coaches, backrests are not comfortable. We are considering fitting headrests.\"Justifying the narrowed-down leg space, P C Sehgal, former MD of MRVC, said, \"Compartments in the old trains had more leg space, but people felt that in the gap, more people try to squeeze in and stand, blocking the way and chocking ventilation. So, we reduced it.\"The MRVC claimed most people were happy with the changes incorporated in new rakes under . MRVC MD Rakesh Saksena said, \"No changes can be made in the existing rakes. The survey had 33 questions and commuter satisfaction is high in most areas. ICF can introduce new features or make modifications in rakes to be delivered later.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13021117", "title": "Jayalalithaa to attend Sneha-Prasanna wedding", "text": "On 11th this month, Achamundu Achamundu co-stars Sneha and Prasanna will tie the knot. The couple, who have been dating since the past few years, will be having a lavish wedding.For the wedding, Sneha went and invited Tamil Nadu CM, J Jayalalithaa to her wedding recently. The CM has said that she will be present at the event. The couple will be marrying in both the Naidu and Brahmin customs.Prior to the wedding, Sneha and Prasanna will be having a sangeeth party, where there will be a song-and-dance routine, where the closest friends of the actors will be present. The couple have been inviting friends and well-wishers including Kamal Haasan and Rajinikanth since the past few weeks. Fans, too, are eagerly awaiting this wedding ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015191", "title": "20 years on, Vadodara royals win tax case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vadodara's royal family has won a tax dispute twenty years after Shanta Devi, mother of erstwhile ruler Srimant Fatehsinh Rao-I Gaekwad, sold her jewellery. During pendency of the dispute, Shanta Devi passed away in 2002.The Gujarat high court has ruled in her favour holding that the calculation made by the royal family in payment of wealth tax was correct. In ruling so, the division bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala set aside an order by tribunal, which had asked the revenue department to re-calculate valuation of the jewellery sold in 1991.As per case details, Shanta Devi sold jewellery inherited from her son and it was valued at Rs 9.05 crore. The royal family, by following the method of reverse indexation worked out the fair market value of the jewelry at Rs 3.47 crore as on April 1, 1974 and computed capital gains at Rs 2.78 crore. When the taxman assessed the deal, he found error in calculation and noted that the details of jewelry sold and details of jewelry acquired did not match, and all the items were not sold in the same year. His assessment differed from the one done by the royal family.The issue reached to a tribunal in Ahmedabad, which in January 2010, asked the assessing officer to recalculate. However, the Gujarat high court found that the royal family was right in calculation. The division bench rejected the revenue department's contention that it should adopt the reverse indexation from the date of actual sale simply because it would benefit the government.The HC held that when two equally efficacious and acceptable data for valuations are available, the one that is beneficial to the assessee should be preferred and the tribunal had committed an error in asking the taxman to calculate in a manner that can benefit the department.After setting aside the tribunal's decision, the HC directed the assessing officer to recalculate the capital gain by adopting reverse indexation based on valuation as on March 31, 1989 and not 1991 as disclosed in the return of Shanta Devi under the Wealth Tax Act to arrive at the valuation as on April 1, 1974.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13019086", "title": "Internet revolution bypasses rural India: Survey", "text": "NEW DELHI: Internet revolution has bypassed rural India with less than half a per cent of families having the facility at home as against 6 per cent in cities, reveals a government survey.\"At all India level only about 0.4 per cent of rural households had access to Internet at home as compared to about 6 per cent of urban households,\" said the National Sample Survey Organisation ( NSSO) report on expenditure in 2009-10.Reflecting the digital divided in India, the study said just 3.5 households per 1,000 families, had access to Internet services at home in rural areas in the year.However, in urban areas, Internet connectivity was much better in 2009-10 as 59.5 families out of every 1000 households had the facility at home.Among the major States, Maharashtra was on top with the 104 out of 1,000 families had Internet in cities, followed by Kerala and Himachal Pradesh at 95 each and Haryana at 81.5.The penetration of digital services was highest in rural areas in Goa with 50 out of 1,000 households having Internet connection. Kerala came next with 34 families having such a facility at home.Among the hilly States, Arunachal Pradesh had the best reach of the Internet service in rural areas with 19 out of 1,000 households have such facility at home, followed by Himachal Pradesh at 16.The study further states that among the major states, Kerala had by far the highest proportion of households with Internet access in the rural areas at 3 per cent followed by Himachal Pradesh at 2 per cent.In cities, Maharashtra reported the highest percentage of household having access to Internet connection (10 per cent) followed closely by Kerala, Himachal Pradesh and Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13020660", "title": "Record opening for The Avengers in US!", "text": "What do you get when you put a bunch of superheroes together in the same film? A global box office smash, and that is what The Avengers is turning out to be.The film which sees the teaming up of superheroes Iron Man, Captain America , Hulk, Thor , Black Widow and Hawk-Eye, released this Friday in the US, one week after its international release, and has collected a whopping $80.5 million on the first day of its release.Trade analysts in the states are now predicting that the film might even break the opening week record of The Dark Knight, which collected $158.4 million in its opening weekend. The highest weekend opening record is currently held by the final installment of the Harry Potter franchise Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ($169.2 million). The film also holds the record for the biggest BO collection on a single day - $91.1 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13015213", "title": "Police dither on call record sale probe", "text": "MUMBAI: Even after the police arrested ten accused in a racket involving the sale of mobile Call Details Record (CDR), their reluctance in initiating action against three Delhi police officers has slowed down the case investigation.There has been no development in the case since last one month despite sufficient evidence showing the involvement of the three ACPs in the case, said a source. The ACPs had obtained people's CDR from mobile companies after stating that they were suspects in serious cases registered with them.The ACPs are believed to have misused their office to obtain CDR of top MNC officials and a model and sold them to a detective agency in Bandra.Rules say no individual can be allowed access to CDR and it is an offence under the Indian Telegraph and Information Technology Act. Only government agencies are permitted to obtain CDR of suspects from service providers. Officers are authorized to ask for records from mobile companies after providing details of the case under investigation.In last week of February, a special squad of west region arrested four employees of D S Detective Agency for invading the privacy of individuals and serious security ramifications at Bandra (W). The accused private detectives illegally obtained call records of people and sold them to high-profile clients for Rs 25,000 to Rs 1.5 lakh, depending on the background of the person whose records had been sought. Most of these clients were Mumbai- and Delhi-based businessmen or people from glamour industry who wanted to spy on their spouses or rivals. The police recovered the call records of several people along with three laptops and computers from the accused. One of the laptops had details of emails sent by the ACPs from their official email accounts to the accused.Later, the police arrested six more accused, including an owner of a mobile gallery. The police asked the service providers to give them in writing about the CDR request received from the ACPs. Last month, the providers reluctantly furnished the details to the police.Meanwhile, the special squad has been disbanded recently for administrative reason. Additional commissioner of police (west region), Vishwas Nagre-Patil, said the investigating officer has submitted a request to question the Delhi officers. \"The file is in process\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015159", "title": "Man's fruitless bank break-in caught on CCTV", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man broke locks on shutters of State Bank of India's Merlin Ornate branch near Mahalaxmi crossroads early on Saturday and entered the premises. The bank officials, however, stated that nothing has been stolen. The man in his thirties has been caught on CCTV.Branch manager Anil Soni filed a complaint with police about the break-in. \"As per Soni's complaint, the man checked on various cabins and drawers before fleeing from the spot. We sought CCTV records from the bank officials that revealed a man involved in the incident,\" said a police official.The man is seen approaching the bank at 2 am and observing the nearby premises. He then strikes the locks with a spade. Once the locks are broken, he enters the premises and starts observing the cabins and drawers. He also approaches the cashier's cabin and breaks the lock but does not find anything. The intruder then makes an impromptu exit.\"Observing the footage, we believe that the man was not professional or had any idea where the money was. Thus, he took his chance and might have fled from the spot when he heard some movements or got afraid by the CCTV cameras installed. The face is not very clear in the footage but we are taking help of forensic science experts to get identity of the man,\" said B K Purohit, inspector of Ellisbridge police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014578", "title": "Greater Noida aquarium to display exotic marine species", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites will soon get a chance to witness some of the most exotic marine species like sharks, lion fish, penguins and dolphins in their own neighbourhood. The country's largest public aquarium-1-lakh sq ft Blue Planet-is set to open at Greater Noida by the year-end.\"Whether it's the marine species in Rift Valley lakes of Africa or the life forms in the Ganga, people will get to see a distinct ecosystem at the aquarium. There will be massive water tanks for exhibits, recreational boating, and mermaid shows with underwater pyrotechnics, music and light,\" says S S Bhasin, managing director, Bhasin Group, which will open the aquarium in collaboration with Singapore-based Andover Group.Spread over two floors, the aquarium-a $9-million project-will also include a tropical rainforest, underwater tunnel, 4D theatre, reptile park, penguin paradise, and activities like coral walking and shark feeding. To afford visitors a diverse experience, both saltwater and freshwater species will be on display. Visitors can soak in the ambience at the aquarium cafe, and take home with them little keepsakes from the souvenir store.\"The exhibits will serve both aesthetic and educational purposes. We will also have guided tours and back-of-house visits to show people how we maintain the place,\" says Sindhu Zhang Huihan, president, Andover Group.The aquarium is part of a 3-million sq ft complex, Great Venice, which will house a mall, multiplex, five-star hotel, shopping centre, amusement arcade, and more than 30 restaurants, cafes and bars. Cobbled walkways, water canals and gondolas will complete the Venetian experience at the complex, as envisioned by the Bhasin Group.The mall, expected to be one of its kind, will have shops spread across three areas-canal shops, San Marco Square and mansions-and will cover about 10 acres. The project will also celebrate Indian culture-handicrafts village, state emporia, foods of India, folk performances-and even at the aquarium, 65% of the species will be of Indian origin.Bhasin says the idea behind the project came from his children after numerous trips abroad. However, with Rs 750 crore at stake, the ambitious project is actually a numbers game. \"NCR gets 15 million domestic tourists and five million international visitors each year, and about 20 million people live in the region, so the market has immense potential,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13024450", "title": "Huge rush during group D railway exam", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The group D railway examination was conducted at different centres spread across the city on Sunday. There was a huge rush of candidates at the Allahabad railway station. The GRP and RPF personnel faced tough time in managing the crowd.The examination was conducted in two meetings. The first meeting started at 9:30am and continued till 11:30am while the second commenced at 2:30pm and ended at 4:30pm. As many as 24,618 candidates appeared and 36,074 remained absent in the first meeting.There was heavy rush of candidates at the different examination centres since morning. Several outstation candidates have arrived in the city on Saturday. Several of them camped at the railway station. The candidates were seen going through the study material. There were 150 multiple choice questions.The examination was conducted at 74 centres. The group D examination is being held for selecting candidates for the post of assistant pointsman, gateman, porter, box porter, helper trackman, parcel porter, office peons and peons.On account of the heavy rush of the candidates, one extra sleeper coach was added in train number 15159 Sarnath Express and train number 15003/15004 Chauri Chaura Express. Allahabad-Chunar passenger train was extended up to Mughalsarai. This train stopped at the stations of Kailahut, Ahraura Road and Jeonathpur for the benefit of the candidates.The examination would be conducted for six days during the month of May and June. Next month, the first phase of the examination would be conducted on June 6 while the last phase would be conducted on June 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13016342", "title": "Police pulls plug on dance party, 28 arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: Police stopped a dance party at a resort in Rajawas village under Harmada police station and arrested five bar girls, who were brought from New Delhi, and 23 men.Police, on Friday night, got the information about some party being organsied at Angel Resort in Rajawas village, in which bar girls had been invited from New Delhi.A team of senior police officers reached the spot and found an open bar, loud music and bar girls dancing at the party.Initially, there was information that a rave party was being held there. Clarfying this, Anoop Singh, circle inspector, Harmada police station, said, \"It was not a rave party but liquor was being served and bar girls were dancing. We have arrested 5 girls and 23 men for disturbing peace.\"Police said the girls were brought from New Delhi and were promised a remuneration of Rs 2500 along with tips. Despite the fact that police was claiming it to be a big act however they could merely found the accused to be booked under section 151 of CrPC.Despite the fact that police was claiming it to be a big act however they could merely found the accused to be booked under section 151 of CRPC.\"There was no evidences which could implicate the accused under various sections of Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act(PETA). Thus, the accused were booked for disturbing peace,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13019894", "title": "Par panel raps MoD for failing to service BSF's choppers", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Parliamentary panel has pulled up the Defence Ministry for not honouring its commitment made to the BSF for providing technical support, including supply of spare parts, to the paramilitary force's helicopter fleet.The BSF's Mi-17 IV chopper fleet not only flies sorties to help anti-naxal operations, but are also used for transporting paramilitary forces.The panel has also asked the Indian Air Force and the Ministry of Defence (MoD) to plug \"operational constraints\" which are leading to this problem and ensure a solution so that the BSF is able to operate its fleet in full strength.\"The committee is constrained to note that helicopters are not functional due to scarcity of spares. Such a situation should not have been allowed,\" the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Home Affairs noted in its recent report tabled in Parliament.\"The committee takes serious view of the fact that despite Memorandum of Understanding signed between MHA and MoD, the Air Force is not able to extend the required support in terms of pilots, technical manpower, spares backup and repair facilities to the MHA due to their own operational constraints.\"When MoU was signed, the MoD should honour this without fail. The MoD should plug these operational constraints,\" the panel said when it was briefed that out of the six MI-17 IV BSF military helicopters, two were grounded for want of service.While the BSF flies these choppers under military registration, it has also contracted Pawan Hans and other helicopter service operators to cater to more than 70 battalions of central forces deployed for anti-naxal duties and for other logistical sorties.\"Currently two Mi-17 IV helicopters out of a fleet of six with MHA, are in unservicable condition, due to non- availability of the critical components, spares, including aero engines and main rotor blades,\" the Home Ministry said in its reply to the House panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13017301", "title": "Moms learn lessons at Montessori", "text": "BANGALORE : Sindhura Chintala , an IT professional , never understood her one-yearold son when he went up and down stairs for hours .\"He used to go up and down , and wouldn't stop . I let him do so, but wondered if it was only with my son , or it happened with all children . It was only after I joined a Montessori course that I got answers to many such doubts about my son's behaviour,\" says Sindhura , who now understands her young one better .The Montessori training course , offered by the Indian Montessori Centre , draws not only aspiring teachers but also young mothers and women from different professions . Those taking the course say it helps them in effective parenting and understanding the child better .Nibedita Bagchi , a fashion designer and mother of a two-year-old , feels the training helps her understand children on the whole.\"If you have questions like 'Why is my child hyperactive ?', 'Why does my child get attracted to a particular thing ?', 'Why are children different from us?' and so on , the course gives you the answers .It gives you ways to interact with your child other than rhymesor alphabets,\"saysNibedita , adding that the course suits young mothers like her . \"Thecourse givesclarity of vision . But the best time to get enrolled is when you have a young one to take care of. It is very important to be child-oriented to understand the nuances of the course .\"The course helps mothers to keep tabs on the development and psychology of their little ones .Mothers learn to let their kids beBANGALORE: Mothers attending a Montessori facility in Bangalore are learning not to oppose their children's activities, even if they are repetitive. Anitha Mettukureu, a homemaker, was worried about her son. \"Arjun will start school soon, and I want to be sure about his development in school. The most important aspect I learnt during this course is never to oppose a child's activity as it is a major source of self-development . I wanted to know more about these methods to help my child understand things,\" she says.Quality time for kidsSays Shamala Rao, director of the Indian Montessori Centre : \"As many as 40% women who take up the course do so in order to help their children. It is one of the ways to ensure effective parenting. We have 250-300 people coming every year for the course and many come just for their children. We have women who are doctors, engineers, IT and management professionals joining the training sessions because they want to some quality time with their children and this course gives enough opportunity for that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "13016693", "title": "PT chief threatens fast in Tuticorin", "text": "TUTICORIN: Puthiya Tamizhagam founder president K Krishnaswamy has announced that he will stage a fast if indiscriminate drawing of ground water to private companies continued in Tuticorin district.Talking to reporters in Tuticorin on Saturday, Krishnaswamy said indiscriminate and illegal drawing of ground water continued unabated in Ottapidaram area and was being taken to private companies through tankers. \"As many as 1,000 tankerloads of ground water are drawn from Ottapidaram area everyday. In spite of the Madurai bench of the Madras high court ordering the district administration to stop groundwater exploitation, officials have failed to do so.If the district administration fails to stop drawing of groundwater in the next 15 days, I will observe a fast on May 30,\" he said. He also alleged that the district administration was not addressing the grievances of public on petitions submitted during the grievances redressal meetings conducted by his party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13015575", "title": "\u2018Insulted\u2019 by in-laws over love marriage, man ends life", "text": "NASHIK: A 25-year-old youth committed suicide within two weeks of his marriage after his father-in-law insulted him. The youth, Yogesh Sansare, who got married to a girl without the consent of her father, consumed poisonous substance on April 17 after his in-laws insulted him for tying the knot with their daughter. They also took their daughter with them.The deceased's father, Sahebrao Sansare (55), has filed a case for abetment to suicide. According to reports, Yogesh Sansare, who drives a rickshaw, was in love with his maternal uncle's daughter - Rani Jamdade (21). However, Rani's father, Harichandra Jamdade was allegedly against their relationship. Thinking that her father would never let her marry Yogesh, Rani left her home on March 12.She then called Yogesh informing him that she had reached Malegaon and asking her to take her with him to Nashik. Subsequently, Yogesh brought her to Nashik.Yogesh's father Sahebrao Sansare said that they were taken aback by the step taken their son and the girl . \"However, since we were closely related, we tried to convince Rani that she better go home and that we would take proper steps for their marriage. Rani, was not ready to listen to any of us and told us that she would never go back to her parents again,\" informed Sansare.\"We then went to Dhule to her parents to tell them that their daughter was with us and that the their son and her wished to get married.Her parents only said that we should have brought their daughter with us,\" he added.A week later, Sahebrao Sansare went to Rani's parents again . \"They told us that we could do anything with their daughter and they were not concerned about her.\"Subsequently, Sansare got his son Yogesh and Rani married in the Satpur area on April 4.On April 17, the Jamdade family were in Nashik for a wedding in the family which was also attended by Yogesh and Rani. The two did not meet the family at the wedding. Sahebrao Sansare said, \"The Jamdade family came to our place in the evening and Yogesh and Rani were also home.\"An argument sparked and Harishchandra Jamdade beat up Yogesh. He and his wife and Rani's elder sister insulted Yogesh before taking Rani back to Dhule, said Sansare. Yogesh then left the house in his rickshaw. He returned home having consumed poisonous substance. He was rushed to the Civil Hospital before being shifted to a private hospital.Sansare said that four days after he had consumed the poison , Yogesh did open his eyes, but his health deteriorated thereafter and he passed away in the wee hours of April 25.A case of abettment to suicide has been lodged against Harischandra Jamdade (52), his wife Rekha Jamdade and Rani's elder sister Vijaya Jamdade. The Ambad police are investigating the case further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13014985", "title": "Don't allow denotification of Regional Plan 2021: Goa Bachao Abhiyan", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) has requested the chief electoral officer (CEO) not to allow the government to denotify the Regional plan 2021 and bring in the RP 2001, alleging it is a violation of the model code of conduct.The election authorities had ordered a stop to the people's hearings by town and country planning department to carry our revision of RP 2021 in January 2012, when the election code of conduct was in force.\"The same yardstick should be applied to RP 2021 matters when the BJP government is ruling, as the election code of conduct is in force,\" GBA stated in a press note.Alleging that the move to bring in RP 2001 is aimed at appeasing certain sections of the builders lobby and business houses, GBA stated that funding of polls by various lobbies, which influence electoral outcome, is no secret.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13016343", "title": "Implement central schemes properly: Azad", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Saturday took an indirect dig at the state government on the recent deaths of 10 children from measles in Rayagada district.Mentioning clustering of the air-borne disease in Kasipur block, Azad said the Union government is giving 100% vaccines and also cost of cold chains required to be maintained for it. \"The implementation lies with the state government. It (measles) can be easily controlled if the state government is capable to ensure at least 90% of vaccine coverage,\" the minister said while speaking at the annual function of Utkal University students' union here.While around 10 children aged between six months to three years died in Kasipur, around 30 others suffered from the disease in Railghati, Silapas and Kupakhal villages under Kodipari panchayat. Official sources had put the death toll at four.Explaining how the Union government was pumping huge money in health sector under schemes such as Janani Suraksha Yojna and Janani O Sishu Suraksha Karyakram to control infant and maternal deaths, the minister said the state government has to rise to the occasion and ensure proper implementation of the central schemes.Azad said the country is facing an unprecedented shortage of doctors. The shortage is acute in northern, eastern and north-east part of the country, he said, adding the government is giving priority to open new medical institutions.Azad exhorted the students not to ignore the strength of ancient India while acquiring new technology and lifestyle.The Union minister is scheduled to visit the upcoming All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) clone in the city on Sunday and review its progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015691", "title": "Vasant Vihar bristles over refugee problem", "text": "NEW DELHI: A crisis of sorts is brewing in south Delhi. For nearly a month, 1000-odd asylum seekers from Myanmar have been camping near the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) at Vasant Vihar. TOI had first reported the matter on April 20.While on the one hand, the asylum seekers are living in miserable conditions, on the other hand Vasant Vihar resident's association says the refugees have ruined the peace and tranquility of the area and are \"polluting the streets\".On Monday morning, the refugees, huddled together on a pavement and side lane near the UNHCR, complained they were unable to access the public toilet in the area. On the same day Vasant Vihar Welfare Association held a march demanding the removal of the Burmese asylum seekers. Women from the association said if their demands were not met they would gherao the UNHCR office and stage a dharna in front of the home minister's bungalow.The Burmese asylum seekers are from the Rohingya community, who are predominantly Muslim. They have sought refuge in India after being persecuted in Myanmar. They now live in abject poverty here. While they have been given asylum-seeker cards, they have for long been demanding refugee status.\"Without refugee status, it is impossible to survive in India. Our children don't get admission to school; we don't get healthcare facilities. We are leading a hand-to-mouth existence and our people are begging on the streets,\" said one of the asylum-seekers. \"Over the last one month, while camping on the streets of Vasant Vihar two women delivered babies,\" said Zia-ur Rahman, an asylum-seeker. Several have also fallen sick.Moved by the plight of the refugees, Nawab Zafar Jung, a member of the national monitoring committee for minority education, has provided them with a large quantity of food in order to help them sustain themselves. He says the government needs to find an immediate solution to their problem.\"We feel sorry for the plight of these refugees, but sheltering them is the job of the government and not that of the residents of this area,\" says Dr Gautam Vohra, president of Vasant ViharWelfare Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016484", "title": "MPO\u2019s here, will stay", "text": "In April 2008 when the world was beginning to feel the heat of economic recession , Chennai-based brothers Vinod and Pramod Harith gave up their marketing jobs with leading companies and invested about Rs 30 lakh to set up CMO Axis. The category in which their firm could be pigeonholed was the newest outsourcing business to take its first steps in the country then - Marketing Process Outsourcing (MPO). The brothers claim CMO Axis to be the first MPO of India.What does an MPO do? It's a single unit taking care of all the marketing functions of a client. It takes care of all those marketing needs which would have otherwise been distributed among different agencies -PR , marketing consultancy , branding, research and more. A client is saved the trouble of hiring multiple agencies for all these jobs. There are now quite a few MPOs in the country and most of them largely cater to the smaller businesses.Though MPOs continue to be relatively anonymous entities in a field dominated by BPOs, KPOs and LPOs, CMO Axis has already made it to the prestigious Datamonitor's Black Book of Outsourcing that lists top global Sales and Marketing Outsourcing (SMO) vendors. In the book's 2010 list published last year, it was the only Indian company to find mention, sharing space with the likes of SMO service providers like Genpact and SMO enablers like Google, Hewlett-Packard and IBM to name a few.\"We work with small and medium enterprises (SMEs), who often do not have the muscle to carry out the marketing properly. We suggest that they concentrate on their core function while we take the ownership for their marketing,\" says Vinod, who was the global head of marketing communications for Wipro Technologies before he set up CMO Axis.His brother Pramod, who was heading strategic marketing for the HR firm MeritTrac when he changed track, says that it wasn't easy in the beginning as people thought they were crazy. \"Even we were apprehensive. Most of our clients had to be explained what an MPO was. But marketing is something that doesn't stop, even during recession. The MPO alternative helped businesses cut costs and still carry out marketing,\" he says. The Harith brothers were proverbially at the right place at the right time and within 12-16 months their company became profitable. It now boasts of 25 clients, with four of them abroad. \"The demand in the international market has prompted us to start operations in the US and the Middle East this year,\" explains Pramod.The MPO model is catching attention of entrepreneurs across the country now, though it is still in its infancy. Last year, Delhi-based Wital See started operating as an MPO. Jyoti Narain, executive director of this new startup says, \"Right now, we cater to SMEs only as this sector presents a huge potential for MPOs but in future we may look at other businesses , too.\" Narain, who heads a team of about 100, is also trying to tie-up with micro manufacturers of various products , including those in rural areas, to help them reach customers across India.As MPOs are a relatively new segment of the Indian market and evolving continuously, there is no data to sum up the size of the sector. Narain conjectures it to be approximately Rs 1,200 crore to Rs 1,500 crore. \"Many MPOs do not categorise themselves as one because MPO as a management philosophy has gained momentum only recently ,\" he explains.Kapil Kashyap, business head of Delhi-based MPO Brandbaron, says that though the concept is new, Indian businesses are warming up to it. \"A lot of agencies are beginning to rebrand themselves as MPOs and many clients choose us over individual agencies when we pitch ourselves as a single stop for everything from market research to retail merchandising, response management, promotional events and PR,\" he says. Brandbaron, with offices in Mumbai and Bangalore too, is targeting not just SMEs but also blue chip companies.The biggest thing that differentiates a BPO from an MPO is that while the former largely caters to offshore clients, the latter's target clients are Indian and mostly SMEs. With the SME sector supported well by figures -it contributes about 45% to the industrial output and 40% to the exports and is projected to grow at about 20% in the next few years - the MPOs have a huge potential to tap. And deliver, they say, they will.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13017299", "title": "How to live forever", "text": "The rich are now working on 'digital immortality'. How does it work? The thoughts and memories stored in your brain are transferred to a computer, which then controls an artificially intelligent robot that is a replica of youSince science still has not found the immortality gene, it is perhaps not surprising that in Silicon Valley and on the outskirts of Moscow the eccentric wealthy (and it always is the eccentric wealthy) are now turning their attention - and their money - to projects that are promising to deliver a new version of the age-old fantasy (or folly ) of everlasting life: digital immortality . And this time it may actually work.\"So your brain is scanned and your essence uploaded into a digital form of bits and bytes, and this whole brain emulation can be saved in a computer's memory banks ready to be brought back to life as an avatar in a virtual world like Second Life , or even in the body of an artificially intelligent robot that is a replica of who we were,\" says writer Stephen Cave, author of the new book Immortality.Currently, however, this is still \"almost science fiction\" , as there are \"three big challenges\" that stand between us and digital immortality - challenges that projects such as Carbon Copies and Russia 2045 already believe they can overcome within 40 years.\"The first is that we have to be able to read all the information that makes up who you are, and this is likely to be achieved destructively by removing the human brain from the body and then preserving, slicing and scanning in the data it contains. Then there is the challenge of storing an amount of information many millions of orders of magnitude bigger than the current computer systems. And finally we need to find a way to animate it.\" Others are more positive.For Dr Stuart Armstrong, the rise of the idea of digital immortality is due to the realisation that this time - perhaps - we actually have the key to immortality in our hands. Dr Armstrong is research fellow at the Future of Humanity Institute, University of Oxford.\"The problems that digital immortality is facing are merely engineering problems - albeit complicated and difficult ones - that could be solved within the decade if we decided to set up a scheme on the scale of the Manhattan Project.\"In particular, he feels that \"scanning is the critical problem\" and that if you \"spent stupid amounts of cash then within a decade many of the limitations of scanning, such as its resolution , could be solved\" . Dr Randal A. Koene, though, is determined to take digital immortality from the pages of books like Cave's and turn it into reality . Koene is founder of the nonprofit Carbon Copies Project in California, which is tasked with creating a networking community of scientists to advance digital immortality - \"although I prefer to talk about substrate-independent minds, as digital immortality is too much about how long you live, not what you can do with it\".And for Koene this \"replica\" is very much \"you\" , there being a \"continuity of self\" in the same way that \"the person you are today is still the same person you were when you were age five\" .Furthermore, he feels, the tide of science is moving his way, with India expecting to have built by 2017 a supercomputer big enough to handle the one exaflop of memory required for one brain upload , and such institutions as the Allen Institute for Brain Science spending $300 million on trying to crack problems he also needs to solve, such as how the brain encodes, stores and processes information .But in the end, in Stephen Cave's opinion, digital immortality may well turn out to be a curse, as it always does in mythology. \"If my child died and I replaced her with a digital avatar to help me overcome the grieving, would I let her grow up or even have children of her own? Would I tell her she was a copy? I can imagine just how easy it would be to tell her in a row.\"The complications have more serious implications if humans cannot resist the temptation to \"tweak their digital avatars\" , which may - as Stuart Armstrong argues - lead us closer to a world of \"superupgraded copies\" and \"the real game changer, multiple copies or clones\" .\"You could copy the best five programmers in the world a million times or the best call centre worker and these copies would simply replace the humans, who would no longer have any economic value,\" Armstrong says. \"Humans would be left to die, face a life on welfare or live under coercive regulation to control the technology.\"THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13023852", "title": "Now, Super-25 to coach students for Common Law Admission Test", "text": "PATNA: Now, there will be a Super-25 in the city to coach students for the Common Law Admission Test (CLAT). It will be run by some former judges of the Patna high court and retired district judges.Four former HC judges on Sunday came together and announced to open an exclusive training institute in the city to assist Bihari students in getting admission to the country's premier law institutions through CLAT.Justice Ghanshyam Prasad, Justice S S Mukherjee, Justice SC Jha and Justice Mehfooz Alam, all retired judges of the HC, volunteered to render their services for training the CLAT aspirants from Bihar.\"A large number of retired district judges have also expressed their desire to train the aspirants,\" Justice Prasad said. \"We will also impart free training to economically and socially weaker students. There would be altogether 25 students in one batch selected through admission test. Twenty per cent of the total seats will be reserved for economically and socially weaker students. But their selection would be subject to their merit,\" he said, adding the first batch would begin from July 1. \"Our institute will not be a commercial one,\" he emphasized.\"Students of Bihar have merit and potential to excel in the field of law. But as there is no exclusive institute in Bihar to impart training for CLAT, the state has very poor representation in the country's premier law institutions,\" Justice Prasad said and added in the beginning, the proposed training institute would run from Kumar Tower on the Boring Canal Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13016200", "title": "Rare bridle snake rescued from building near Vadavalli", "text": "COIMBATORE: A rare specimen snake was rescued from a compound adjoining a private residence near Somayampalayam near Vadavalli on Saturday morning. The rare reptile belonging to the bridle species is considered as a rare variety among reptiles and is also not present in any of the zoos across the state. Though it is non venomous, the snake resembles the venomous common krait in body pattern and is often confused with the deadly species.\"Initially local residents mistook it for a krait and panicked and called me to come and bag it immediately. After I arrived at the spot I realised it was a bridle snake and not a krait,' said K Rathish, a private firm employee who doubles up as a snake rescuer in the city.The snake was found crawling alongside the compound wall and is a baby snake which indicates that there might be adult bridle snakes in the vicinity. \"The specimen we caught is a young one but the adult bridle snakes will grow upto 23 inches long,\" Rathish added.The snake is expected to be released into the forest on Sunday. Rathish also added that the last time, a bridle snake was spotted was in Chengelpettu district in 2004. \"There are very few recorded sightings of the common bridle snake. The species is named as bridle snake due to its body pattern that resembles a bridle that is used to control horses,\" Rathish added.Rathish is employed at a private firm on Mettuppalayam road and a reptile lover. He along with a few likeminded youth in the city has formed a snake rescue team in 2000 that helps residents to capture and let loose reptiles that sneak into their property. The team claimed that they have rescued hundreds of snakes from Coimbatore city and suburbs so far. Rathish could be contacted at 9787332814.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13016413", "title": "Vasundhara Raje plays resignation card to get her way", "text": "JAIPUR: The split within the state BJP was wide open for everyone to witness on Saturday evening, after former chief minister Vasundhara Raje stormed out of the core committee meeting and resigned from the party's primary membership to protest the decision of giving senior BJP legislator Gulab Chand Kataria's 'Lok Jagaran Yatra' a green signal.No sooner had Raje talked about her resignation, Kataria withdrew his call for yatra, saying he was doing so to keep the party and the organisation united.Raje's resignation and the political tug of war between the senior members sent ripples to the state party unit. Office bearers and public representatives along with supporters rushed to Raje's residence, where an urgent meeting was being held till late on Saturday night. Raje's resignation made way for a stream of resignations of her supporters. BJP MLAs from Rajsamand including Kiran Maheshwari, Hari Singh Rawat and Kalyan Singh Chouhan resigned from party posts late on Saturday night.The core committee members - state president Arun Chaturvedi, former chief minister and leader of opposition in the Rajasthan Assembly Vasundhara Raje, legislators Ghanshyam Tiwari and Kataria, along with former state president Om Prakash Mathur, senior party members Bhupendra Yadhav, Kirit Somaiya and Kaptan Singh Solanki - gathered at the state headquarters on Saturday evening. The meeting was held as per the directives of the party high command and was to decide on the fate of Kataria's yatra, which legislator and party's national general secretary Kiran Maheshwari has objected to alleging Kataria's was trying to portray himself as the face of the party in Mewar region.The core committee meeting continued for nearly 3 hours, during which Raje and Kataria were involved in a heated argument. According to reports, it was Kataria who first threatened to quit the party. Kataria was advised by other leaders to postpone the yatra but he insisted on the dates being finalised right away. Other members were of the opinion that Mathur and Tiwari could tour the tribal belt in an attempt to pacify the agitating workers, following which the yatra should be held. During the meeting, Kaptan Singh Solanki, Bhupendra Yadhav and Raje also talked to national president Nitin Gadkari briefing him about the arguments. Reportedly, Raje was unhappy even after talking to the party presient. Upset over Kataria being adamant about the yatra, Raje left the meeting saying she would forward her resignation to the party president.Raje, along with Maheshwari and other supporters, left the state headquarters. Interacting with the media, she said, Under the circumstances, the yatra should not be held or postponed. The party has decided to go ahead with it. The party workers too do not want the yatra to be held and as the workers are the lifeline of any party, the yatra - when held - should be done gaining their support and not create a divide within the party. I tried to give my opinion. I am not being able to put forward the view of the workers and I feel, I should resign from the party's primary membership,'' she said.This was followed by Kataria's announcement to cancel the yatra. Talking to the media, he said, Upset with my yatra plans, Raje has resigned. I am a loyal soldier of the party and to keep the party and the organisation united, I have decided to cancel my yatra.'' Replying to queries raised he said, Circumstances call for this decision.'' When asked if Raje would withdraw her resignation, he said, that is her call.'' Other leaders simply refused to talk to the media.Maheshwari's supporters including four district presidents from the Mewar region had earlier in the day met Om Prakash Mathur, Ghanshyam Tiwari and Raje, voicing their protest against the yatra. They had reportedly informed the senior leaders that they would not allow the yatra to be organised and go to any extent of protest if the party gives the yatra a green signal.Kataria had announced to hold the 28-day-yatra, which was to be flagged off on May 2 The senior legislator from Udaipur had claimed that he would tour 26 assembly constituencies in the tribal belt in order to bring about an awareness on issues related to the tribals. Maheshwari had objected to the yatra saying Kataria was using it as a platform to establish himself as the future leader of the state, following the party high command had intervened and advised Kataria to hold the yatra not in his individual capacity but under the party's banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13016064", "title": "Cops fear loss of data in Lalbazar fire", "text": "KOLKATA: A sudden fire at the server room of the city police's monitoring cell located on the third floor of the main building at Lalbazar police headquarters sent the cops into a tizzy. There are chances that important data on the whereabouts of several city criminals and even terrorists have been lost in Saturday's fire.Kolkata Police may have lost important data on whereabouts of several city criminals and even terrorists due a sudden fire on Saturday at the server room of the city police's monitoring cell located on the third floor of the main building at Lalbazar police headquarters.At 8.30am, employees working on the top floor of the building spotted thick smoke billowing from the server room and raised an alarm. They raised an alarm and the Fire Brigade was informed.It took five fire tenders about an hour reached were sent to the spot and they took nearly an hour to douse the flames.The monitoring cell of Kolkata Police is a part of the technical wing of the police. It keeps a tab on criminals, terrorists and different types of fugitives. All the major investigating wings of the city police, including the detective department, depend on the cell for technical surveillance.After visiting the room, technical cell officers fear that several important data might have been damaged in the fire, including profiles of criminals, call details and locations of fugitives.Though the server has a back up system, cops are not sure how far they would be able to retrieve the lost data. After preliminary investigations, fire services officers suspect that a short circuit might have caused the fire. City police also initiated a separate probe into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015175", "title": "Booklets with CM message for class XII passouts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time, students who pass the HSC (science) exams on May 10 will be given a booklet containing all the information they need to make wise choice for their professional career ahead. The one lakh odd booklets being printed will have a special message from CM Narendra Modi congratulating the students on passing the 12 board exam.Booklets come close on the heels of class X and XII board CBSE students who recently received special congratulatory letters from union HRD minister and senior Congress leader Kapil Sibal which also asked a student to write to him directly if he or she is not able to pursue higher education due to financial problem!Educationists say that these letters and booklets are a good way to connect with the youth voter base. Most of the students who clear XII are 17 or 18 years of age and will be first time voters.Unlike congratulatory letters, the booklet with the CM message will have content that can be used. The booklet will have a complete list of colleges offering professional courses, number of seats and the last year's merit cut off for admission. The booklet will also give students a glimpse of the rules and regulations of the admissions in professional colleges in state. It has a specific mention of the increase in the number of seats in professional courses especially engineering and medical. The booklet will also contain information about key all India entrance tests.The booklet has complete low-down on different courses of engineering, medical, architecture, the course content of each branch, job prospects and even the availability of admission in post-graduate degree courses post completion of a particular graduate degree course.\"The booklet will provide complete academic and career guidance to students and help them chose any course with complete information and knowledge,\" said education secretary RP Gupta.It needs mention that the Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi who has been an active student leader has been coming out with such a booklet called 'What after class 12?' since the past seven years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13020365", "title": "Jambination set to strike a chord with new album", "text": "Rooh Music is proud to present a path breaking album in the field of fusion music-Jambination Jams. The album is driven by acclaimed percussionist Abhishek Basu's unique, oft labeled acoustic jazz-funk and undo-middle eastern world music.Ancient elements have been fused with modern instruments to create a diverse sound ranging from intense to polyrhythmic psychedelic world music. The album has been created instantly with the recording done spontaneously. In fact all the seven tracks are live music. No programmes or software has been used to enhance the effects.\"\"Jambination is the creation of five friends and professionals bringing a brand of music that is both oriental and occidental at the same time,\"\" Abhishek Basu said on the occasion of the release.The album has used tabla, pakhwaj, handsonic (Japanese instrument), kahon, djembe (African drum), Kanjira (South Indian instrument), beat-boxing and konnakol, jazz piano, drums, bass &amp; guitars, electro-classical violin &amp; also Indian classical Arabic vocals.The jambination members include percussionist Abhishek Basu, pianist Jim Wendt, drummer Eric Everett, guitarist Matt Krause and violinist Indradeep Ghosh.\"Work is life for me. I have really enjoyed doing the band Jambination Jam represents different styles and ideas and gave scope to improvise. I come from Jazz background, with a lot of funk, R&B; and funk. We mixed it with Indian and world music. It was wonderful working with the Indian classical instrument,\" said Jim Wendt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13014990", "title": "'Airport will affect livelihood'", "text": "PANAJI: Mopa Vimantall Piditt Xetkari Samiti (MVPXS) has decided not to allow the government to acquire agriculture land for the proposed Greenfield airport at Mopa.Speaking to mediapersons on Saturday, MVPXS president Hanuman Aroskar said, \"We are not ready to give agricultural land for Mopa airport because we will lose our source of livelihood.\"Sandip Kambli, secretary, said technically and environmentally, Mopa airport is not feasible and we will not allow the government to go ahead with Mopa airport.Last month, the state government had given its in-principle approval to the master plan of the proposed international airport at Mopa and will give its final approval after studying the plan. Kambli also said that the government is doing an eyewash by issuing a statement that Dabolim airport will be continued even after Mopa takes off.\"Dabolim airport will be closed once Mopa airport is operational, even government cannot stop closure of Dabolim airport even though they assure people that Dabolim would be retained,\" said Kambli. About 50.4 lakh sq m of land in six villages around Mopa are in the possession of the government. About 24 lakh sq m of land in the three villages of Varkhand, Chandel and Casarvarnem (all part) are locked in litigation.\"Eighty one residents from different villages have filed a writ petition in the high court challenging the government decision to acquire land for Mopa airport,\" Kambli said. The samiti, in its letter to the Union environment minister, has asked for a directive to the state government to cancel the acquisition proceedings for Mopa airport and to reconsider the proposal for a second airport in Goa.'To direct the state government to stay the acquisition proceedings for Mopa international airport, while the central government studies the necessity and feasibility of a second international airport in Goa, and the environmental and socio-economic impact of the proposed airport on the site selected and the rest of the state,' stated the letter to the Union environment minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13019893", "title": "Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak, 27 injured", "text": "ROHTAK: About 27 passengers were injured when eight coaches of Mumbai bound8 12138 Ferozpur-Mumbai Punjab Mail derailed near Rohtak on the Rohtak-New Delhi section of Northern Railway on Sunday morning.The accident occurred between Sampla-Kharawar station at 3.50 this morning. Preliminary information indicates that the derailment has been caused because of rail fracture.The railways has instituted an inquiry into the incident and Commissioner Railway Safety, Northern Circle, RK Kardam will hold the statutory enquiry into the accident.According to report, among the injured, three were said to be in critical condition.All injured have been admitted to the Pt Bhagwat Dayal Sharma post graduate institute of medical sciences at Rohtak.The senior railway and police officials from Rohtak reached the spot and rushed the injured to the hospital.A team of senior railway officials headed by Additional General Manager BP Gupta also arrived at the site and supervised the relief and rescue operation.The northern railway spokesperson AS Negi informed that a team of doctors has also arrived at the hospital to assist the hospital authorities.\"Most of the injured have been discharged after the treatment. Railways has made special arrangement for their onward journey,\" he said.Negi also informed that unaffected bogies along with the passengers left for Delhi two hours after the mishap and reached New Delhi at 8:00 am.He said that additional coaches were attached in place of the coaches derailed to accommodate all the passengers for onward journey at the New Delhi railway station.He said that Rail minister Mukul Roy is monitoring the situation and spoke to chairman, Railway Board and also to the loco pilot of the affected train to take stock of the situation.Meanwhile, the mishap has resulted in blockage on the railway line and around 16 trains on the Delhi-Rohtak section has been cancelled while many others have to be terminated or diverted.Railway officials said that the train services are likely to be resumed by late Sunday night.In order to provide information Northern Railway has set up the following telephone help lines:-New Delhi : 011-23342954 011-23341074Delhi Junction : 011-23962389Hazrat Nizamuddin : 011-24359748 011-24359735", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13036730", "title": "Satish Kaushik turns TV producer", "text": "After displaying his talent in Bollywood, Satish Kaushik has now turned to the small screen and is all set to produce a show for television.Satish Kaushik has come up with a comedy show that will be aired on SAB TV. That's not all. Satish Kaushik will not only produce the show but will also act in it. However, neither the channel nor Satish Kaushik is willing to divulge anything about the venture.We guess announcements will be made at the appropriate time. One can only hope that Satish Kaushik is as successful on the small screen, and that he has all the family memebers eventually laughing their hearts out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13015009", "title": "Chief electoral officer's office objects to govt utterances on malaria workers", "text": "PANAJI: The office of the chief electoral officer (CEO) has objected to the statements made by the government on regularization of contractual malaria workers and cancellation of the proposed marina project at Sancoale, in view of the code of conduct in force for the Cortalim bypolls.Joint chief electoral officer Narayan Navti has requested the chief secretary to advise the government \"to defer making such announcements till the process of bypolls is over\" saying that \"such statements during bypoll may amount to violation of model code of conduct.\" The cabinet decisions to regularise the services of contractual malaria workers and to drop the marina project were announced by chief minister Manohar Parrikar .The communique to the chief secretary was issued following a complaint filed by social activist Aires Rodrigues alleging violation of code of conduct. His contention is that Parrikar should have taken prior permission of the election commission of India before taking or announcing such decisions. Aires accused Parrikar of misusing power with eyes on Cortalim by elections.Today's decision of joint CEO comes a day after the CEO S Kumaraswamy advised the government to defer the induction of Alina Saldanha in the cabinet, after the elections, to maintain a level playing field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13015656", "title": "Unique ID for lawyers: Bar Council of India", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The lawyers would soon get a Unique Identification Number (UIN), as the apex body of the lawyers in country, Bar Council of India (BCI) is planning to introduce the system. BCI chairman Mannan Kumar Mishra, on Saturday, said that to create a database of lawyers and to build tracking mechanisms with respect to practitioners of law across the country, the council is in the process of conceptualizing and putting in place a UIN system for lawyers.Mishra was in Chandigarh to attend the golden jubilee celebration of the Bar Council of Punjab and Haryana. He said the UIN system would serve as a useful framework for implementing and tracking continuing legal education across the profession. Practicing lawyers should get access to hardware and software resources and should be trained to use technology in order to improve their practice, he added.Mishra said a proposal of stipend for the advocates with below three years' practice and an insurance scheme for lawyers will soon be introduced.The state bar council's golden jubilee was attended by dignitaries like Vice-President M Hamid Ansari, union minister of law and justice Salman Khurshid, MP Pawan Bansal and Justice Swatantar Kumar of Supreme Court.Khurshid said that being a part of the legal fraternity, he is aware of the problems faced by advocates and his ministry is working on various welfare schemes. Vice-President Ansari urged the lawyers to continue their healthy contribution to the society through their noble profession, which is deep-rooted in the Indian system. Three legal luminaries of the region, senior advocate Hira Lal Sibal, Haryana advocate general (AG) Hawa Singh Hooda and Justice (retd) Kuldeep Singh were given lifetime achievement awards by the Vice-President. The state bar council also felicitated the advocates who have completed 50 years of practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13024439", "title": "Scientists address students' queries", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The National Academy of Sciences India (NASI) organised an interactive scientific conference between schoolchildren and eminent scientists here on Sunday.The sessions were attended by a large number of students and teachers from 30 institutions of in and around Allahabad. The sessions were divided into three thematic/pragmatic phases. Chief guest Prof VP Sharma, NASI-ICMR chair in public health, shared his personal as well as scientific experiences with the audience.Samrendra Kumar from Regional Science City, Lucknow, exhorted students to think and conceptualise the meaning of innovation, invention and intelligence. To prove his ideas and concept, he also demonstrated some experiments that drew the attention of the students.During Interacting Fusion, established by scientists like Prof Satya Deo, former vice-chancellor, APS University, Rewa, Prof VP Sharma, Prof Krishna Misra, and Prof UC Srivastava, Prof CK Dwivedi, Abhay Pandey, Samarendra Kumar and Dr Manvendra Tripathi, queries of students were addressed.The three sessions were conducted by Dr Niraj Kumar, ES, NASI, A K Srivastava, Dy. ES, NASI and Dr Santosh Kumar, A E S, NASI, respectively. The background materials and exercise was done by B P Singh, Dr Chitranjan Kumar and other NASI officials and staff. Others present on the occasion included AF Rizvi, Archana Pant, VC Srivastava and several teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13014897", "title": "Now, cops say fake cops are 'Iranian immigrants'", "text": "PANAJI: In a bizarre claim, Goa police have said that Iranian gang members are robbing old women in Goa of their gold jewellery by impersonating policemen.According to the police, the members of the gang are from Iran , who migrated to India centuries back and are settled in small settlements in some areas in Maharashtra and Karnataka. \"We suspect that they come to Goa in a group of 3 or 4 for few days and stay in hotels or lodges and hire a bike on rent. They target vulnerable old women wearing jewellery and walking in isolated areas. The main job of the gang is cheating innocent people\", said DIG Ravindra Yadav.In 2011, 15 such cases were reported in the state, of which nine were in North Goa and six in South Goa. In 2012, already 11 cases have been reported, of which six are in North Goa and five in South Goa. North Goa cops said that they have detected two cases, in which a local, Augustinho Carvalho, was arrested. However, his modus operandi is different from the one adopted by the Iranian gang.Explaining the Iranian gang's modus operandi, police said that the accused are fluent in Marathi and Hindi and claim to be from CID or vigilance department of the police and claim to be plain clothes-cops. \"They approach elderly women between 9 am and 12 pm and claim that a murder and robbery has taken place in the neighborhood and the woman needs to be careful with her gold. They carry with them fake gold items and stones. Once the woman removes her gold ornaments, they take it from her claiming to put it in a cover. Expert at hand tricks, they then replace it with fake jewellery\", said the DIG.Police said that the family members of the Iranian gang live in posh houses and lead a rich lifestyle though they have no definite source of income. \"The women stay in the settlements, while the men go out and cheat people. They operate throughout the country\", said DIG.\"We are networking with the police in neighbouring states of Maharashtra and Karnataka to catch the accused\", added Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13015949", "title": "Red Ribbon Express reaches city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The UDF hartal did not hold back the city from visiting the Red Ribbon Express that arrived at the Thiruvananthapuram Central Station on Saturday. The colourful train that is on a nationwide campaign to create an awareness on AIDS/HIV drew both children and adults to it.The first four coaches showcase exhibitions about AIDS in India, the services provided by ICTCs, the consequences of drug addiction and unsafe sex and immunization programmes for mother and children.The condom vending machine at the second coach had a good number of customers who could get a condom by inserting a 5 rupee coin. \"A lot of visitors used the machine to buy condoms,\" said Radhika P R, an ICTC volunteer.Another interesting stall at the exhibition is an array of segregated phone booths for teachers, students, panchayat members, media persons and youth that give information about sexually transmitted diseases(STDs). \"The content has been appropriated to suit to its listener,\" said a volunteer.\"The exhibition was presented in an imaginative and innovative way that conveys useful information in an entertaining fashion,\" said MP, Shashi Tharoor who visited the Red Ribbon Express.Tharoor also addressed the members and officials of local bodies, police and health care service providers who came for the training regarding AIDS.\"We have got six batches here with around 60 people per batch,\" said a trainer at the exhibition.The sixth coach has counselling and consulting cabins for HIV test and enquiries related to the disease.A mobile blood collection unit, which is part of the red ribbon express, is stationed outside the station for blood donation.The first four coaches have exhibitions on AIDS in India, the services provided by ICTCs, the consequences of drug addiction, unsafe sex and immunization programmes for mother and child", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13017297", "title": "Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak, 19 injured", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least 19 passengers were injured when eight coaches of the Firozpur-Mumbai Punjab Mail derailed in Haryana's Rohtak district in the wee hours of today.\"19 people have been injured. No casualty has been reported,\" a railway spokesperson said.The incident occurred at around 3:30 AM between Kharwar and Sampla stations, about 20 kilometres away from Rohtak railway station.The ill-fated bogies that derailed include sleeper coaches from S-5 to S-10, apart from the guard-cum-luggage van, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015389", "title": "CID gets 'evidence' against Bhanu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ever since Crime Investigation Department (CID) asked gangster Bhanu Kiran's victims to provide details about him, the investigating agency has been inundated with telephone calls. Interestingly, a caller even asked the officials to reward him suitably in exchange for some 'crucial' information that he possessed.CID officials said they having been receiving calls from across the state and these callers divulge details about the Bhanu's illegal activities. The informants have been asked to visit the CID office to share the information.Bhanu, in his confession to CID officials, claimed that a few days prior to the execution of the murder plan he had partied at the Touch pub in Banjara Hills with his friends , which includes a professional from Tata Consultancy Services. Bhanu, who was a frequent visitor to the pubs in the city, consumed alcohol at a dhaba on his way to Sholapur hours after committing the murder. Manmohan Singh , the co-accused in the Maddalecheruvu Suri murder case, was also with him.Though Bhanu was in possession of a few country-made pistols, he did not use them for killing Suri as he was not sure about their efficacy, CID officials who grilled Bhanu, told STOI.\"Bhanu killed Suri using the Manmohan Singh's licenced gun. The country-made pistols generally become hot after a round of fire. So, its efficacy in firing subsequently may be doubtful. Hence, Bhanu used the licensed gun to kill Suri since he did not want to take any chances,\" police said. On November 6, 2010, Bhanu had tested a country-made gun by firing six rounds in Shamshabad. The 'test fire' was done in front of Tollywood producer Singanamala Ramesh, Madhumohan Reddy and Manmohan Singh, police added. Meanwhile, CID officials will shortly be questioning police officers from the Cyberabad commissionerate who helped Bhanu Kiran with his settlements. Bhanu claimed in his confession that former Rajendranagar assistant commissioner of police M Sarveshwar Reddy, former Chaitanyapuri inspector Praveen Reddy, Raidurgam inspector Ravichandan Reddy and former Miyapur inspector S Bheem Reddy had helped him in various settlements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "13016732", "title": "Illegal dyeing unit in Palani closed down", "text": "DINDIGUL: Revenue officials sealed a dyeing unit functioning illegally at the foothills of Ponnimalai near Ayakudi in Palani taluk on Saturday. The joint team of revenue and police departments took out a sudden raid after they received a number of complaints that a dyeing unit functioning in a farmhouse in the area was polluting water bodies and agricultural land. They found the dyeing unit in the farmhouse, but the owner, however, managed to give the officials a slip. The officials were able to nab three workers from the unit.Sources from the district administration said they had recently received a petition from the farmers of the region about the dyeing unit polluting their farmlands based on which action was initiated. Palani tahsildar M Kausalambigai who led the team said they found the dyeing unit fully equipped with machineries which was involved in dyeing vests. \"When we raided the unit, we found it was functioning without proper licence and sealed the unit. We have picked up three youth from the unit and are interrogating them,\" she said.The officials are having a tough time ascertaining the name of the owner as the owner is absconding. The youth were identified as Senthil, Sekaran and another Senthil, all belonging to Kumbakonam. They stated that they were very new to the place and were brought for work. They also claimed that they were not aware of the owner since one middleman called Vimal brought them to work. \"The youth claim that they were brought to the place just two days ago and did not know the owner of the unit. At present, we could find out that the owner was from Tirupur and we are enquiring further. The unit has been sealed and we are trying to get the details of the owner and middlemen involved in getting labourers for the unit. We will take legal action against the owner,\" Kausalambigai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13016104", "title": "Seven killed as Sport utility vehicle rams into tractor", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Seven persons were killed and seven others injured when an SUV carrying them hit a stationary tractor near Katari village of Kaushambi in the wee hours of Saturday.The accident took place under Manjhanpur police station of Kaushambi. Six persons died on the spot while another victim succumbed to his injuries while being taken to Allahabad for treatment. The victims were returning from a Urs at Chimircha village. The deceased were identified as Gulam Hasnain (28), Kohinoor (23), Kaiser (22), Afroz (28), Tasneem (24) and Farid (28). Wasim (25) while being taken to Allahabad for treatment.The injured have been admitted to SRN hospital. The condition of three injured persons was stated to be serious. The bodies were sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015285", "title": "Ex-govt official jumps on Metro tracks", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 55-year-old retired government official allegedly tried to commit suicide by jumping on Metro tracks at INA station on Saturday afternoon. The victim has been identified as Mohan Jagtyani, a resident of Gautam Nagar and a former employee of the tourism ministry, police said.This is the third such incident at Metro stations across Delhi and NCR in the past three days. On Friday afternoon, a 27-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide by jumping from Kirti Nagar Metro station. A day before, a woman banker had jumped to her death from MG Road Metro Station.Saturday's incident took place around 12.15pm at platform No. 2. Witnesses said as soon as a Rajiv Chowk-bound train entered the platform, Jagtyani jumped on the tracks. The driver applied emergency brakes and Jagtyani was saved. However, he suffered severe head injuries and is under observation at AIIMS. After retirement, Jagtyani was running a travel company in Laxmi Bai Nagar in south Delhi, police said.No suicide note was found at the spot and police are waiting for his family members' statements to find out why he took such a drastic step.A Delhi Metro official said they were in the process of installing platform screen doors in the wake of increase in such incidents but added that the plan could take some time to be realized as it was a time-consuming process. The fibre walls open just before the Metro doors open, allowing the passenger to enter directly into compartments. Officials said they were hopeful that a curb in these incidents would be witnessed once these walls were in place.\"CISF personnel and private security guards are deployed at stations to keep a watch on people and CCTV monitors are scanned regularly, but such incidents take place within a split second, even before our personnel can react,\" a Metro official said.This year, cops said, there has been a drastic increase in the number of mishaps at Metro stations, with people attempting suicides by either jumping on the tracks or even by jumping off the Metro buildings. Cops said they were planning to increase the number of security personnel at the stations and keep a watch on people walking alone and trying to move to an isolated corner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13015520", "title": "Consultancy firm for Kumbh mela chosen", "text": "NASHIK: The district collectorate has finalized Ernst &amp; Young company as consultants for designing a development plan for Nashik region in the backdrop of the forthcoming Kumbh Mela. \"The committee working on the infrastructural development of Nashik for the 2015 Sinhastha Kumbh Mela was was looking for something extraordinary and hence laid stress on the fact that the consultancy firm should have a presence in India as well as abroad. Accordingly, of all the firms shortlisted, Ernst &amp; Young has been finalized,\" collector P Velrasu said.Nashik will host the Kumbh Mela in 2015 and hence the administration has decided to work on the development of the district in a manner that all the religious areas in the district would be linked for religious tourism.Besides, the consultant is also expected to provide solutions for linking places of tourism, including adventure tourism, in such a way that visitors to the city and the district prefer to stay back in Nashik for some time.The important aspects that the consultantcy firm is expected to focus on are the villages around Nashik, beautification of the Godavari river, basic amenities for residential purposes, sewage treatment, besides interaction with various government departments, like the police, the railways, the state road transport corporation and several others. The consultants are also expected to present the development plan within nine months at the cost of Rs 1.5 crore.\"The aim is to have theme-based uniform development, which will synchronize with all the factors of the district,\" the district collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015023", "title": "India to get first underground repository for n-waste", "text": "NEW DELHI: Having embarked on an ambitious expansion of its atomic energy programme, India will build an underground repository about 1km below land surface for storing nuclear waste and is setting up a laboratory to develop the required technology.The research laboratory will also be underground, operating in an abandoned mining site, where shafts and chambers provide the setting for a complex analysis of factors that affect storage of nuclear waste generated by atomic power plants.At present, India has the capacity to store nuclear waste for 30 years by which time it will lose some radioactivity, but underground disposal is needed in view of plans to add 5,330mw in the 12th Plan and for atomic power to contribute 25% of power production by 2050.Nuclear power production has picked up with the generation target of 32,000 million units being met in March - the first time in the last five years.\"The proposed laboratory will be of a generic nature. Such laboratories are used for development of methodology and technology related to emplacement of solidified waste in the repository. Experiments will form the basis of the underground geological repository for storing high level nuclear waste,\" the department of atomic energy said replying to a Parliament question.A Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) source said the laboratory will research parameters for conductivity, fissures and permeability that impact containment of radiation. \"There are tests for thermal systems, rock mechanics, hydrological and chemical systems,\" the source said.The department told three MPs, who raised queries, that currently the inventory of waste is small and the interim storage facility adequate. \"Presently, work related to host rock characterization to develop comprehensive data bases is in progress,\" DAE said.The department adopts a three-stage process to manage nuclear waste which is first converted into an inert solid material in the form of sodium borosilicate. Then, the solidified waste is stored under surveillance in an air-cooled facility for 25-30 years, and finally this will be disposed in the underground repository that is being planned.The waste will be disposed \"at a depth of 800-1,000 meters to isolate radioactivity from the environment,\" the government has said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016428", "title": "'After Awara, I fell for Nargis\u2019", "text": "Yuri Korchagov's love affair with Indian cinema began with a crush on actress Nargis after he saw her in 'Awara' in 1952. The Russian, who speaks chaste Hindi, has translated and dubbed more than 300 Hindi films. He tells Shobhan Saxena that he wants to return to India in his next birthHow did you learn to speak Hindi?I was born in Kostroma, some 350 km from Moscow. Since my father taught German in a school, I took an interest in foreign languages from my childhood. I wanted to study Spanish or Italian. But when I was in Class X, I saw Awara and everything changed. I fell in love with Nargis and India became a dreamland for me. I studied Urdu at Tashkent University and then continued my education in Moscow University, studying Hindi.And that led you to Hindi films?After graduating, I worked as a translator in Moscow Radio's Indian service. But the translation of speeches by Leonid Brezhnev and others politicians was like a punishment. I looked for an escape and found it in Indian cinema. I began to work as an interpreter for Indian filmmakers at Moscow and Tashkent film festivals, wrote articles and published a book on Mrinal Sen. I translated and dubbed almost 300 Hindi films into Russian.How has the translation scene changed from the Soviet days?Earlier, I translated and got them dubbed in Russian by prominent artistes in state film studios. When Soviet Union disappeared, I translated Hindi films for private film companies and dubbed them in my own voice. Chaalbaaz (1989) was my first film in video. It was released here in 1997 as Plutovka. Now, translations are not done from Hindi but from English subtitles by inexperienced housewives and the quality of DVDs is bad.Which films did you really enjoy while translating?Chandni Bar, which was released here in 2002 as Tanzuyashaya on Grani, and Zubeda, which was released as Rokovaya Lubov.Which Indian filmmaker influenced you the most?Of course, Raj Kapoor. When I met him, I told him he was my godfather. Thanks to him and his brilliant films, India became my second mother country. I will definitely return to India after my punarjanm (next birth).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13016188", "title": "Now, hope for victims with deformities caused by burns", "text": "COIMBATORE: For a while after almost losing the use of his right hand, burnt in a fire accident, S Chandrasekaran (23) of Chellampalayam, didn't get help. Then, he was operated for free at Ganga Hospital more than once and has retained partial use of the limb. He can do most functions with it.Many like him, who have burn deformities, are now being rehabilitated under the 'Hope After Fire' programme being implemented by the Rotary Club of Coimbatore Metropolis along with Ganga Hospital. The Times of India is a media partner. The victims will undergo surgeries to enable them to live a more normal life.\"This is a fantastic project that will come as a great service to society and address a dire need. Even victims of industrial accidents can come to us for free surgeries. But this is not a one day job. It takes typically several surgeries before the patient can regain a measure of normality. However, they almost never become completely normal,\" said Dr S Rajasabapathy of Ganga Hospital.He said that unlike cataract and cleft lip problems, burns deformities were a relatively untouched area. \"Often patients have to undergo a series of surgeries to regain normality. So benefits are accrued over the long term,\" he said.The programme was conceived by Rotary Club of Coimbatore Metropolis president N Venkatesh and Dr Rajasabapathy \"during a trip to Kolkata I made to receive an award given by the Rotary,\" said Dr Rajasabapathy.The project is a continuation of projects such as 'Save The Working Hand' and 'Hands for Hands in Need' undertaken earlier\", said Venkatesh. \"We want to target the poorest of the poor. Some of these operations are done in five stages. This is at a time when kidney and heart operations are done in a day. And, often victims need psychiatric counselling,\" said Venkatesh.As part of the fund-raising, playback singer Srinivas was brought in for a well-attended programme on April 1. \"An annual corpus of funds will be created and the surgeries will continue,\" said Venkatesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13015961", "title": "Proposed hike in power tariff irks industrialists", "text": "LUDHIANA: The latest decision of Punjab State Power Corporation (PSPCL) for hiking the power tariff again with effect from April 1 is vehemently being opposed by the industrialists in the city.Avtar Singh, general secretary of the Chamber of Industrial and Commercial Undertakings (CICU), said the decision was highly condemnable. \"The power tariff for the last six month's consumption - for the period of April 1 to October 31 - will be payable according to the hike which is to be announced in November 2012. This will greatly affect the already reeling micro small and medium enterprises in this adverse economic scenario,\" adds Avtar.Upkar Singh, joint secretary of CICU, said, \"The Chamber had brought to the notice of PSPCL that instead of hiking the power tariff, emphasis should be laid on reducing the transit loss of coal transmission and distribution losses and also curbing power thefts. Power theft should be made a punishable offence.\"He said, \"On one hand PSPCL has not been able to give uninterrupted power supply to the industry for the last four to five years. On the other the Punjab government has increased the electricity duty from 10% to 13%, and then imposed entry tax of 12.5% on diesel generating sets, further imposed 5% electricity duty on captive consumption from any source and the power tariff is being hiked almost every year by PSPCL.With all these taxes and duties in place, it's beyond imagination how the industry in Punjab will survive and compete in the national and international market.\" Upkar said, \"All the policies framed by PSPCL are anti industry and the industrialists of the state are being supplied power at exorbitant rate as compared with all other Northern states. One cannot hope that any new industry will come up in the state due to various taxes and duties imposed now.\"Adequate and uninterrupted power supply to the industrial sector is the need of the hour,\" he added.The tarrif plan would be announced in November 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13023332", "title": "56 hospitalised after eating at a wedding banquet in China's Gansu province", "text": "BEIJING: Fifty-six people fell ill after eating at a wedding banquet in northwest China's Gansu province.They complained of stomach ache and diarrhoea on Friday, one day after eating at a wedding ceremony held at a local hotel in Weirong township of Jingning county, state-run news agency Xinhua reported.All of them were rushed to a local hospital. Fifteen people were discharged from the hospital later, while 41 are still undergoing treatment.The hotel has suspended operations and health authorities have launched an investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13016950", "title": "Fake banknotes recovered, six persons held", "text": "HUBLI: Gokul road police arrested six persons here on Friday and recovered fake notes worth Rs 1.4 lakh from them. Three pistols along with nine live bullets and one Scorpio vehicle were also seized from them.Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner Ramchandra Rao informed mediapersons on Saturday that the arrested are Vishwanath Karadigudda, 27, resident of Heggeri colony, Prashanth Badiger, 26, resident of Ganesh Nagar, Praveen Angadi, 23, resident of Hemant Nagar, Rakesh Baddi, 27, resident of Sangam colony, Kushal Habib, 30, resident of G-adda and Kallappa Dalvai, 33, resident of Unkal. They were illegally transporting arms and circulating fake notes.On interrogation, the main accused Vishwanath Karadigudda also revealed that the same gang was involved in the murder Praveen Hirehalmath , whose burnt body was found on Revadihal farm on Karwar road recently.Praveen was their partner and the gang killed him over some money matters, the commissioner said.The accused used to bring pistols and other arms from Kolkata and sell them in Hubli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015777", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority's college concession irks common man", "text": "HYDERABAD: For Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA), 'some are more equal than others' when it comes to regularizing unauthorized buildings within its jurisdiction.While regularization of unauthorized buildings under the Building Penalisation Scheme (BPS) was closed in September 2011 with action having been taken against those found in violation of norms, HMDA is now regularizing illegal buildings of professional colleges upon payment of the penalty.Interestingly, some professional colleges (majority being engineering colleges) did apply for building regularization when BPS was announced, in 2008. However, since most of the applicants neither made full payment nor provided the necessary documents, their requests were rejected. Indeed, HMDA had also written to the Rangareddy district administration to demolish those illegal buildings whose applications had been rejected.Now, all of a sudden, HMDA has re-opened regularization of structures but limited its scope exclusively to professional colleges. Sources in HMDA claimed that this has been done to raise much-needed funds as the urban authority is passing through a severe financial crisis. HMDA has started accepting fresh applications from professional colleges for the re-opened regularization scheme and announced that the last date for new requests was May 15. Applicants, availing of the scheme have to submit land use certificates by May 31. Sources said there are over 200 colleges on the rim of the state capital falling under HMDA jurisdiction. These educational institutions are spread over areas like Gundla Pochampally, Ghatkesar, Peeramchervu, Keesara, Bandlaguda, Shamshabad, Poppalguda, Vattinagulapalli, Nadergul, Srinagar, Tukkuguda, Ameenpur, Dundigal, Suraram, Kokapet, Himayatsagar, Bata Singaram, Ankushapur, Pigillapur, Mangalpally, Kandlakoya, Sherguda and Chikati Mamidi. Most of these buildings were constructed when the area they are located in were under gram panchayat limits. Of the nearly 200 such structures, only about 20 were built with permission from gram panchayats and the erstwhile Hyderabad Urban Development Authority.In this current window for regularization, 94 colleges had purchased applications till Saturday. Of them, 81 have so far paid the fine. The urban authority is expecting to raise about Rs 100 crore through this latest move.However, the decision to limit the scheme to colleges has not gone down well with the common man. \"Why has HMDA given an opportunity to professional colleges (for regularization) after it stopped accepting BPS applications in 2008 and ended processing pending applications in September 2011. The facility should be extended to common people as well,\" VVN Murthy, a resident of Manikonda whose BPS application was rejected for non-payment of penalty before September 2011, told TOI.Interestingly, Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation had recently sent a report to the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department stating that about 27,000 'partially completed' BPS applications are pending. When contacted, HMDA chief planning officer Ziauddin said that what was currently being done in the case of professional colleges cannot be described as regularization. \"We are approving building plans of colleges upon payment of a compounding fee by invoking a provision in the HMDA Act,\" Ziauddin said.But MA&UD; officials said that the compounding fee provision is applicable only in isolated cases and only for non-high-rise buildings and described the HMDA move as highly irregular.While regularization of unauthorized buildings under the BPS was closed in September 2011 with action having been taken against those found in violation of norms, HMDA is now regularizing illegal buildings of professional colleges upon payment of the penalty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016243", "title": "'Pursue modern education, serve humanity'", "text": "LUCKNOW: People on Saturday gathered in large numbers to see, hear and offer 'Zohar Namaz' behind Imam E Haram Sheikh Khahid Bin Ali Al Gamdi, the Imam of world's most revered pilgrimage of Islam. The Imam of Kaba also saw various departmentsof the Integral University and laid the foundation stone of the extension building of Integral Institute of Medical Science and Research. A delegation of Congress leaders carrying message of their president Sonia Gandhi also met the Imam on Saturday.Addressing a big gathering including large number of students, the Imam called upon the Muslim youths to pursue professional and modern education with an intention to serve the humanity. He said, \"If your intention is honest, this education will be profitable for you in this world and thereafter.\" He announced that Islam in no way restricts anyone from pursuing professional and modern education. But, he also warned, that any modern education should not divert ones belief that Allah is one. He said that Muslims have a guide in the form of Quran and Hadith. He called upon the students to get education to compete with western countries. \"You are not inferior to anyone and equally capable of attaining professional modern scientific education as anybody else,\" he said.Chairman of All India Muslim Personal Law Board Maulana Rabey Hasan Nadwi in his presidential address also emphasised that modern and scientific education is necessary without compromising Islamic belief that Allah is one. Vice-Chancellor, Integral University, Prof SW Akhtar, in his welcome address, said that this university is proud and honoured to welcome a dignitary like Imam E Kaba. Chancellor of the university, Dr SR Azmi presented a citation to the Imam.Meanwhile, a delegation of Congress leaders met Imam and handed him over a letter of Congress president Sonia Gandhi. The delegation comprised Member of Parliament Zafar Ali Naqvi, former deputy chairman Rajya Sabha K Rehman Khan, chairman of research and development unit Tariq Siddiqui and Saif Ali Naqvi. In her letter, Sonia Gandhi said that Imam's visit to India would strengthen the relations between the Arab world and India. She also said that Imam's message of peace and non-violence will make a worldwide impact. Salman Nadvi was also present on the occasion. He translated the letter of Sonia Gandhi in Arabic for Imam. The latter in response said that he was touched by the warmth and love with which he was welcomed everywhere in India.Noted Shia cleric Kalbe Jawad on Saturday demanded carving out of 20 per cent share for Shia Muslims in all the government schemes being run for Muslims' welfare.\"The state and Central governments had been continuously discriminating against Shia Muslims and in order to ensure their welfare, this section should get 20 per cent share in all the welfare schemes for Muslims being run by the governments,\" Jawad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13017006", "title": "Bangalore walks to save girl child", "text": "BANGALORE: From nuns to schoolchildren to activists and homemakers, all came together on Saturday to support a cause: 'Save The Girl Child'. More than 100 people marched from Mosque Road in Fraser Town to Coles Park, to highlight the rights of the girl child.The walk was organized by woman's rights activist Jacqueline Colaco. The panel comprised C Manjula, president of the Karnataka Women's Committee, Donna Fernandez, Philomena Peris, Elaine Marie Ghosh and Priya Chetty-Rajagopal.The global walk for 'India's Missing Girls' was initiated in 2010 by Nyna Pais-Caputi , a filmmaker from San Francisco, California, whose aunt, Jacqueline Colaco, helped take her endeavour further. From regular people who feel for the cause to nuns from convents and children from schools and tuition centres, participants from all walks of life lent their support to the cause.Student R Ramanjanayya said, \"A woman brought me into this world and I am grateful.\" The participants carried strongly worded messages to help save the girl child. They lit candles and observed a minute's silence in tribute to late baby Hina, who was brutally killed by her father because he did not want a daughter. Hina's mother Reshma, who was expected to walk along with them, finally did not turn up.\"The sex ratio in India has been on a steep decline since Independence. In 2011, the sex ratio was 914:1000. In Karnataka, it is 908:1000. Though Bangalore has a low sex ratio, areas like Kodagu, Udupi and Chikmagalur have the highest sex ratio in the state. \"Female infanticide stems from ignorance and ill-rooted mentality,\" said Jacqueline.C Manjula added: \"It is sad that there is no proper legal body that women in distress can appeal to for relief.\" She emphasized the need to make legal rules to protect the girl child against harm.It's time to give the girl child her due. In our society, where it is often the educated and elite who discriminate against women, what we need is a change in mindset. Despite stiff laws and penalties, female infanticide continues, and in this scenario, a Hina is almost expected. While education and good legal backing can put girls on a firm footing, a change in attitude should happen in every home. Every mother should stand up for her daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13016220", "title": "Jalandhar administration told to check all industrial buildings", "text": "JALANDHAR: Initiating his probe into the factory collapse mishap on April 15 night, in which 23 workers were killed, Patiala divisional commissioner S R Ladhar has asked the district administration to ensure that all industrial buildings in the city were checked to know their safety profile.Ladhar has asked Jalndhar DC, Priyank Bharti, to take representatives of all concerned departments along and ensure that all industrial buildings were checked to see if the structures were safe.Even as Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal had ordered a statewide safety audit of industrial buildings on April 17, the process is yet to start on ground, sources said.Enquiries from various departments revealed that after initial knee jerk reaction of slapping cases against Vij, the departments have now returned to their slow pace in checking violations by industrial units.Till now, the labour department has checked only three units being run by Shital Vij and his family while the directorate of factories was also caught napping as at least six of his factories were not even registered under the Factories Act, a mandatory requirement. After the mishap, deputy director, factories, filed six criminal complaints - four against Vij and two against his son.The factories department has also not been forthcoming about the status of Vij's other units even as a survey by Punjab State Industry and Export Corporation (PSIEC) has revealed that not only the units being run by Vij had committed serious violations of building byelaws - similar to those which committed in the collapsed factory - but several other units in the Industrial Focal Point Extension also had irregularities.When contacted, Ladhar confirmed that he had asked the district administration to ensure that no unit should be running amid unsafe conditions and different departments should be doing their necessary mandatory checks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "13016876", "title": "Snubbed for wearing chappals, fireman attempts suicide", "text": "AMBALA: Snubbed by joint commissioner of municipal corporation of Ambala for wearing bathroom chappals, an employee of fire brigade wing made an abortive attempt to commit suicide in the store room of office on Friday evening.The incident took place when Bachna Ram, attached with a fire tender, walked into the office of Y S Gupta, JC of Ambala Municipal Corporation. The incident also exposed the delay in providing shoes to employees on fire fighting duty, to be provided by the municipal corporation.With a view to mark his protest, Bachna Ram had started coming to office wearing chappals and was summoned by Gupta. Sources said that as he entered Gupta's office, an irritated Gupta allegedly gave him a dressing down. \"Despite repeated requests, I was denied duty shoes. Hence I started attending work in bathroom chappals.As I entered Gupta sir's office, he not only misbehaved but also threatened me with strict action. Hence I was left with no option other than ending the life,'' a disgruntled Bachna Ram said. According to an eyewitness employee, Bachana Ram was seen rushing toward nearby quarters, some employees followed him. They were shocked to see him take kerosene bottles and start pouring kerosene on himself.Gupta said, \"I just asked him to tell the concerned officer about the problem of non-availability of shoe to fire brigade employees. I do not know how he understood my instruction. I did not say anything that was against the self esteem of an employee.\" Harish Kumar, fire brigade officer, said, \"On Friday morning, Bachana Singh came wearing chappals in the office. The work of fire brigade employee is not possible in this footwear. I myself asked him to wear shoes while on duty.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13015567", "title": "The role of mystics in medieval Deccan society", "text": "Those whose life has been illuminated by Your light, Will necessarily appear to be followers of beauty.(Nusrati, Dakhni poet of Bijapur, 1657)Earlier this April Sri Shivacharya Swami, the Jangam or head Lingayat of Madhyal in the Gulbarga district of north Karnataka, started out on an 80 kilometer walk to the tomb of the mystic-king Ahmed Shah al-Wali Bahmani at Ashtur, a village close to the Bidar Fort. The Swami, accompanied by over 500 followers, was re-enacting a traditional parade which has been performed annually over the past six centuries and culminates in a five day Jatra marking the Urs (death anniversary) of Ahmed Shah. The pageant attracts a large number of devotees from contiguous areas in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra cutting across caste and religious barriers. It is a perfect embodiment of the remarkable degree of cultural synthesis achieved in the region; a hallmark of the successful attempts at integration nurtured during medieval times.On reaching Ashtur, the Swami presents himself at the residence of the Mutawalli of the Darga who in turn escorts him to the shrine. The two then simultaneously perform Urs rituals keeping to their individual traditions of veneration, one reciting the fateha while the other chants shlokas. The grave is coated with sandal paste and after a new chadar (cover) is spread over it, the Swami ceremonially breaks a coconut and distributes prasad among the devotees. During the entire five day period of celebrations, the seer remains camped in a tent opposite the shrine before returning to his muth at Madhyal signaling the closure of the annual Allama Prabhu Jatra. Although the tomb of Wali Bahmani and its associated rituals may appear to be the sole remaining symbols testifying to the famed synthesis achieved in the Deccan, such institutions and ceremonies were by no means rare in medieval Deccan.The role of mystics in medieval Deccan society, as elsewhere in India, was instrumental in forging strong ties between different sections of the society. Believing in direct contact with the common man, the mystics felicitated contact among disparate sections with the resulting interface succeeding in bringing down social and religious barriers, leading to eventual reconciliation of religions and cultures. The presence of Sufis is said to have been well established in the Deccan by the close of the 12th century. Their movement into peninsular India was largely facilitated by Muslim settlements established by Arab traders along the western coast as early as the eighth century.By the early thirteenth century we find Muslim soldiers gaining employment with the Rajas of the Deccan and Ma'bar in large numbers; a 20,000 strong contingent is reported to have been serving in the army of Raja Ballala of Dwarasamudra apart from significant numbers among the ranks of other principalities in the region, testifying to the strong roots that the community had established within south Indian society. Amicable interactions between communities led to a transference of ideas on an unprecedented scale with mysticism emerging as the most potent vehicle for integration. Mystics, both Sufis and Hindu saints united in a quest for societal harmony bringing about a free exchange of ideas and transference of thought, traditions and practices, eventually precipitating a homogenous blending of the seemingly disparate sections within society. With no interfaith conflict of significance having occurred in the south for a considerable period of time, the atmosphere was ideal for a recasting of identities when Firoz Shah, the Bahmani Sultan first attempted reconciliation of communities at the close of the 14th century. It was however his brother and successor Ahmed Shah (ruled 1422-1436) who achieved extraordinary popularity among the masses as al-Wali (one who is close to God) and as Allama Prabhu, one among the divine trinity of the Lingayat community which is the predominant religious denomination of the region.Over succeeding centuries this coming together of diverse religions and cultures was fostered with devotion by enlightened saints and mystics. Unfortunately, under threat of retrograde movements determined to drive a chasm between communities, the famed Deccani synthesis is in grave danger of being wiped out. It is thus essential to revisit history in search of evidences which will counter this ominous threat and rekindle a passion for synthesis, for that is the crux of mystic traditions.(This is the second part of a three-part series on cultural evolution in the Deccan. The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "13016638", "title": "Police round up German tourists", "text": "BALANGIR: Finally, Balangir district administration took custody of five Germans on Saturday, who had ventured into Maoist-infested areas in Khaprakhol block of the district. They were brought to district police office (DPO), where Balangir SP R Prakash interrogated them and asked them to provide copies of their visa and passport.A team of police officials from Khaprakhol police station brought the Germans, along with their host Anant Putel, to the DPO. \"The Germans were brought to the DPO. I verified their visas, which were found to be multiple-entry ones. We also kept copies of all their tourist documents,\" the SP said. He said that after interrogation and verification of documents, they were allowed to go but with a warning not to venture into Maoist areas again.Sources said the Germans, who had also visited Balangir in 2011, had gone to the DPO to inform police about their visit then. They waited there for two hours and left as no one paid any attention to them. \"In 2011, we had gone to the DPO to inform the police. We were made to wait for hours and left as no one paid attention to us,\" said Putel.Meanwhile, Mike, one of the five Germans, has revealed that they have been visiting the place regularly and many of his French friends have also visited the place earlier. When asked about this, additional SP Srikant Mishra said they will investigate the purpose of the foreigners' visit and whether there were other gangs of foreigners visiting the place. \"We checked their visas and found they were valid up to October this year. On passport and visa front, we didn't find any discrepancy,\" Mishra maintained.Neither the district administration nor the police had any further information on the foreigners even as district tourist officer Goutam Nag said as per the new rules, any foreigner visiting the district will have to inform the district administration and the police before venturing into any place in the district. \"The new guidelines don't allow foreigners to visit tourist spots or otherwise without prior permission. The entry of five Germans amounts to flouting the rules,\" Nag said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13022273", "title": "Gujarat's first marine institute to be operational from August", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat's maiden Maritime Training Institute, supported by the state's port regulator Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB), will become operational from August this year, a top official said today.\"The first batch of 40 students will be joining the institute in August this year. The institute has been created with a view to meet the requirement of marine engineers\", GMB Chief Nautical Officer S C Mathur said.A marine engineer is in-charge of operations and maintenance of all machinery on board merchant ships.The institute, which is set up in collaboration with U V Patel Engineering College in north Gujarat, a constituent of Ganpat University, is backed by the Gujarat government which had signed an MoU for the purpose in 2007.\"It was a long-felt need that an institution to offer a B Tech degree, leading to a career as an officer in Merchant Navy, should be established in the state, which has the longest coastline of 1,600 km\", Mathur said.\"We are tying up with shipping companies like Adani, Essar, Ocean Sparkle, Shahi among others so that students can get on-board sea-time training in the fourth year of their course, a pre-requisite for securing a degree\", he said.The main objective behind setting up this institute was to check outflow of local lads to other states, and train them here itself, Mathur said.The mandatory clearances required to establish and run the institute from DG Shipping, and All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) have been secured, he said.The GMB also plans to start offering a B Sc level course in nautical sciences, for which it has signed an understanding with Chajjumal Trust of Vadodara, and expects the college to come up in next one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016096", "title": "High Court dismisses plea against minister", "text": "The Allahabad high court has dismissed a petition filed against state minister Mehboob Ali. It was alleged that the minister had stated that buffalo meat will be sold at Rs 70 per kg in JP Nagar. The Qureshi community of JP Nagar had filed the petition seeking court's direction that they should not be compelled to sell the meat at Rs 70 per kg. The district administration had filed a counter-affidavit stating that it had issued no direction regarding the meat rate after the alleged statement of the minister nor the Qureshi community was being forced to sell buffalo meat at Rs 70 per kg. The writ petition was opposed by standing counselRamanand Pandey saying that since no decision on the statement of the minister was taken by the administration, the was pre-mature and liable to be dismissed. The bench of Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel dismissed the writ petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13015523", "title": "Furore at zilla parishad panel meeting over misuse of open space", "text": "NASHIK: The fact that an open space belonging to the zilla parishad (ZP) at a prime location was given on rent to a businessman before the zilla parishad standing committee had passed an order to the effect created a furore in the standing committee meeting of the ZP on Saturday. President of the committee Jayashree Pawar ordered the administration to look into the matter and get the space vacated at the earliest, without talking about instituting an enquiry into the heavy losses the ZP has incurred.Praveen Jadhav, member of the ZP from Mohadi, presented the facts at the meeting, during which the members wanted to know about the fate of the ZP open space adjacent to the ZP stadium complex on MG Road. \"The one-year agreement between the ZP and Parakh Home Appliances is long over but the tenant refused to vacate the space. Though the Nashik ZP has won the case in the lower courts, it is now pending in the high court. But what about the fact that the agreement for giving the land on the rent was inked even before the committee endorsed the same,\" Praveen Jadhav pointed out.According to the documents presented, an agreement was signed between the zilla parishad and the businessman, Rajendra Parakh, on April 1, 2010. But the decision to the effect was taken on April 24, 2010 by the ZP stadium committee, which had members like the then ZP president Mayawati Pagare, vice-president Digambar Gite, and chairman of construction committee Rajendra Chavhanke.Education officer S K Walvi however failed to explain the present status of the land that attracted the ire of the house. The ZP president took the issue very seriously and passed strictures against the officer. The ZP president however in her ruling stuck to only one section of the issue that the administration should ensure that a better lawyer be appointed to deal with the case.\"It is more than eight months that the matter is not being tabled in the high court. The administration, if required, should change the lawyer on the panel,\" president Pawar said, without addressing the issue of the agreement being inked before the meeting.Besides, the other issues that came up for the discussion were the charges owed by the various water supply schemes to the zilla parishad. In Nandgaon, Devla and Dabhadi region of water supply schemes, the average recovery from the schemes was only 48 percent except the good work of Devla area which recovered 85.1 percent.Taking the serious note where Nandgaon Municipal Council has paid up only 30.4 percent, the standing committee asked the administration to seek clarifications from the respective chief officers for the less recovery. It also asked the rural water supply department to issue a warning to the water supply schemes saying that the maintenance and repairs of the infrastructure would be done proportionately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13014904", "title": "Deceased's signature forged for power line", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police has registered a complaint against Sudha Madhu Gobre of Tisk-Ponda for allegedly forging the signature of a dead woman in order to transfer her electricity connection to her name.Ponda police said that Inacina alias Christalina Fernandes e Afonso, a resident of Tisk-Ponda, complained that Gobre, another resident of Tisk, had cheated her by forging the signature of her dead mother.Gobre has transferred the power connection in her name in 1999. Afonso said her mother Arcanja expired in 1996 and the electricity meter was transferred to Gobre in 1999 - three years after the death.The Ponda police have registered an offence against the Gobre under Section 420 (cheating), 468 (forgery) and 471 (using forged documents as genuine) of Indian Penal Code (IPC). Ponda PSI Paresh Naik is investigating the case. However, no person was arrested in this connection until late Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13016711", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority blueprint for smooth ride", "text": "JAIPUR: In order to avoid traffic congestion at the entry and exit of the Ghat Ki Ghuni tunnel once it is open for commuters, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has drawn a systematic blueprint. The JDA officials claimed that without constructing a junction and installing a signal system, the traffic will be managed smoothly.An official said, \"For traffic coming from MI Road to Agra Road through the tunnel, a different plan is been prepared for heavy vehicles, light motor vehicles and two wheelers to reach the tunnel entrance.\"Agra-bound LMVs and two-wheelers from MI road can directly reach the tunnel entrance by using the slip lanes under the Transport Nagar flyover. However, heavy vehicles will not be allowed to ply directly to the tunnel entrance through the slip lanes. \"To avoid congestion, heavy traffic will be diverted towards Delhi.The JDA will also construct a rotary at the Jawahar Nagar bypass for swift entry and exit of the traffic coming from MI road and NH- 8. An official said, \"Heavy vehicle hailing from Agra road through the tunnel will be allowed to head towards National Highway - 8. These vehicles will not be allowed to turn towards Jawahar Nagar bypass.\"Similarly, a plan has been drawn for traffic coming from Agra road towards MI road using the tunnel. An official said the rotary at Agra road near Rajesh Motors will be constructed. Kota and Ajmer-bound traffic will be diverted from Goanir junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13017212", "title": "Team brainstorms on Right to Education Act", "text": "BANGALORE: The special empowered committee had a day-long meeting on Saturday to decide issues on the Right to Education Act, including the definition of the economically weaker section (EWS) and the reimbursement amount. The deliberations will be sent to the Cabinet on Monday which, in turn, will take the final call.With the RTE rules being notified late, the state is left with very little time to get the policies in place. By Monday, the picture on implementation of RTE rules will be clearer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13023049", "title": "Satyamev Jayate: Aamir Khan says he is no one to solve issues, can only highlight them", "text": "MUMBAI: Elated by the response to his much-hyped television debut today, actor Aamir Khan says he will bring up more issues on the show 'Satyamev Jayate', but he does not see himself as a change-maker.The first episode of the show, telecast this morning, focused on the issue of female foeticide in India.\"I am no one to bring change or solve anything...neither (is) the government. I can only keep the issues in front of everyone. The change should come from within. One person cannot improve or bring solution to an issue,\" Aamir said, talking to reporters this afternoon.\"I was watching the show with my wife, son Azad, and core team of the show...I had tears in my eyes. I got good response from industry friends and various medium - twitter, youtube.\"There will be many more issues on the show. But I won't reveal...let it be a suspense,\" Aamir said.When asked if the burning issue of the times, corruption, will feature, Aamir said, \"Corruption is a very strong issue...we all are involved in it. A strong law must come in force...but it is equally important to change ourselves first.\"Today's episode dealt with stories of mothers who struggled to give birth to a girl child, because of the society's bias for 'a boy'.\"There was no specific reason to highlight this issue (female foeticide) in the first show, the actor said.He also said that doctors alone must not be held responsible for foeticide, everyone involved shares the blame. \"During our research we came across a fact that even though the doctors who indulge in sex determination ...their license is not revoked....I request all state medical councils to take strict action against them (doctors).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13024836", "title": "Car hits pedestrian, two vehicles", "text": "VADODARA: Residents of Akota area woke up to a loud bang on Sunday afternoon when a Maruti Swift car rammed into another car parked opposite a private hospital.Shailesh Bharwad, a resident of New VIP Road, who lost control over his car, rammed it into the divider before crashing into the car owned by Hardik Raval.Police officials said Bharwad had hit two persons at Gotri and O P Road before reaching Akota.It was a clear case of hit and run and Bharwad could have well escaped if he hadn't lost control at Akota.\"He had bought a brand new car and was driving it. He said that he lost control over the car and had knocked down a pedestrian and also hit a biker in other areas. At Akota, his car hit the divider and then rammed into a parked car,\" said Gotri police inspector J D Waghela.When asked whether he was drunk, Waghela denied and said Bharwad just panicked and hit vehicles while trying to flee.Sources said the pedestrian knocked down by Bharwad has been hospitalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13016691", "title": "Rain dampens Kallazhagar's entry into Vaigai", "text": "MADURAI: Rain played spoilsport in Madurai on Saturday, posing a speed breaker during the preparations for the grand spectacle of Lord Kallazhagar getting into river Vaigai.The summer spell and a spurt of heavy wind on Saturday evening brought down a portion of a pandal along the banks of Vaigai at Alwarpuram, erected to facilitate Kallazhagar to march into the river.Fortunately, no one was injured when the thatched pandal erected for about 100 feet partially collapsed. The erection of the pandal was completed on Saturday morning. Poles erected adjoining the pandal holding focus lights were also brought down due to the wind.Kallazhagar entering the river is the highlight of the Chithirai festival when thousands of devotees from across the state gather along the Vaigai banks to have a glimpse of the spectacle. As per legend, Lord Kallazhagar will attempt to cross the river to attend the celestial wedding of Goddess Meenakshi. But once he reaches the river bank, he will be informed that the wedding is already over. Kallazhagar will turn back at the riverside without crossing it and head for his abode.The organisers immediately plunged into action and began work in full swing to restore the pandal as devotees will start thronging the river bank in the early hours of Sunday itself. Efforts were also on to curtail water flow in the river to prevent inundation of the river bed that was levelled in view of the festival.The spell lasted for about 30 minutes, downing mercury levels in the temple city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016303", "title": "Six IAS, 99 Provincial Civil Services officers shifted", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another administrative reshuffle, the state government on Saturday transferred six IAS officers and 99 PCS officers. Since assuming power on March 15, the SP government has reshuffled over 1,500 administration and police officers.The PCS officers transferred included those posted in various district development agencies, sugarcane department and corporation, ADMs and city magistrates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016521", "title": "Mystery shrouds driver's death", "text": "PATNA: Body of a driver, Pramod Kumar (22), froth coming out of his mouth, was recovered from a bush at Kasi Prasad Lane under Kadamkuan police station on Saturday morning.Kadamkuan SHO Pollinder Singh said Pramod, a resident of Chiraiyatand locality, was the driver of SDO, agriculture department , Muzaffarpur, Rajesh Kumar Thakur. He said on Friday, Pramod drove Thakur's wife, Dr Sunita Kumari, to Rajendra Nagar Hospital and returned with the vehicle and parked it at Mahadevi Devi Apartment at Kasinath Lane where Thakur resides in a flat. Singh said Pramod left the apartment after parking the vehicle.When he did not return home, Pramod's father, Guddi Paswan, started searching for him but failed to trace him. \"Guddi told Dr Sunita and guard of the apartment that Pramod made a call on his cellphone, asking him for help as he had consumed sleeping pills,\" the SHO said.He said the body was sent to PMCH for autopsy. The doctors have preserved Pramod's viscera. It is a matter of investigation as to how Pramod's body reached Kasi Prasad Lane, the SHO said, and added that prima facie, it seems that Pramod had committed suicide.FIR lodged: An FIR has been lodged with the Khajekalan police station against booth-level officer of ward number 63, Praveen Kumar , a teacher of Mahila Charkha School, Mogulpura, on alleged charge of handing over register containing the names of voters and their addresses to a candidate. The register was seized. SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar said the complaint had been lodged by Patna City SDO R Kumar Sinha on the directive of Patna DM.Attacked: The blade man struck again on Saturday at Gai Ghat under Alamganj police station. An auto driver, Shashi Kumar, sustained injury on his hand at Gai Ghat under Alamganj police station. Kumar reached Gai Ghat from Paschim Darwaja carrying three passengers. He saw cut mark on his hand when the passengers left after giving him fare. SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar, however, denied any such incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016167", "title": "Nauhwar is Rashtriya Lok Dal's Mant candidate", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Rashtriya Lok Dal on Saturday, announced to field Yogesh Nauhwar as its candidate for Mant assembly seat in Mathura where bypoll will be held on June 12. The seat was vacated by RLD general secretary, Jayant Chaudhary , who opted to retain his Matura seat as its MP.Jayant had defeated six-time MLA from Mant, Shyam Sunder Sharma in the assembly elections. The achievement, however, proved to of little utility as RLD-Congress combine put up a poor show. Moreover, no senior RLD leaders fared well in the polls.The shadow of apprehensions appears to loom over the party once again, as none of the senior leaders dared to contest from the seat. Instead RLD chief Ajit Singh decided to field Nauhwar. Party spokesperson Anil Dubey said Yogesh is a young leader and happens to be the resident of village Parsauli in Mant. The 40-year-old Nauhwar is an agricultural science graduate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13017059", "title": "What will get us out of the pits?", "text": "A spate of recent events has put the spotlight back on stalled economic reforms. The debate inadvertently sparked off when Kaushik Basu, chief economic advisor in the ministry of finance, said major reforms were unlikely before the 2014 general election. Then came the warning by global ratings agency Standard and Poor's about the possibility of a downgrade looming large, unless crucial steps were taken to turn the gloomy days around. The opposition parties, not surprisingly, have latched onto this opportunity and slammed the UPA coalition for dragging its feet. But can reforms really help rejuvenate the economy and pep up the country?There's no denying that the Indian economy, Asia's third-largest , has come a long way since the first wave of reforms were launched in 1991. Robust growth has created jobs, helped the private sector to expand and enabled India to attract global attention. It has also led to improvement in the quality of life and provided confidence to investors. But disparities, too, have widened and poverty still remains a challenge. Also, overall confidence in the Indian economy seems to have waned in the past two years. The return of UPA to power with a stronger majority had spurred hopes of big-ticket reforms and policy measures but these were dashed as a series of scams forced the Manmohan Singhled government on the back-foot . Stubborn allies such as the Trinamool have further hemmed in a reluctant regime even as a spate of tax rule changes in the Union budget for this year sent shivers down the spine of foreign investors.Analysts are skeptical about the road ahead, despite the fact that a majority agrees that India's economic fundamentals remain strong. \"Indeed, the Congress party has become more cautious - playing it safe economically and politically and staying away from any big-ticket reforms. This is evident in the recent rollback of railway passenger fare hikes and the lacklustre budget,\" says Rohini Malkani, economist at Citigroup India. She adds that \"closer to the next elections, if history is any guide, we could see more concessions being doled out, which could result in further fiscal slippages and move us further away from reform.\" So what needs to be done? A former finance secretary, who does not wish to be identified, says that the government must move quickly to reassure nervous foreign investors on the issue of retrospective tax changes. \"This one move will restore confidence and the rest of the reforms can happen slowly,\" he says.While everyone agrees that the initial reforms of the early 1990s were faster and easier to carry out, it would be a gradual climb for the next set of reforms which require evolving consensus among allies and states. But experts say the government needs to shed its inertia and move ahead boldly on the key areas of land acquisition, land records, mines, minerals, subsidies, the financial sector and governance issues . That would put the economy back on the high growth path and usher in the \"feel good factor.\" So here's what we could start with, one sector at a time.Purge government's policy paralysisGovernance deficit has emerged as the single biggest stumbling block to progress in recent months. The string of scandals that has emerged has forced the government to steer clear of any bold decision while bureaucrats have started playing it safe for fear of being hauled up for any controversial decisions they might take. Experts say improving public delivery systems, streamlining decision making , restoring risk taking appetite for civil servants and effectively dealing with corruption will go a long way in enhancing the credibility of the government and help regain investor confidence. A sense of policy paralysis has dented the government's image while continued policy flip-flops have raised anxiety levels of investor and the business community. Lack of effective implementation and monitoring of public delivery systems have made the life of the common man difficult . Analysts say the most urgent reform now would be to bridge the governance deficit which, in turn, will trigger spin-offs for growth. According to Rajeev Malik, senior economist at global investment group CLSA, the real issue in India is not that the problems are unknown or that the solutions are unclear; it is that solutions are not being implemented , given the government's political constraints. \"That is unlikely to change substantially, although some adjustment in local fuel prices in June cannot be ruled out - which was there even before S&P;'s move,\" Malik said in a recent note. \"Domestically, few want an early general election (unless UPA-II is ready to fall gracefully) but most don't want the government to do better. Basically, the opposition and some coalition partners are happy to play out Bollywood villain Ajit's dialogue of putting his captives in liquid oxygen - liquid won't let them live, while oxygen won't let them die!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015160", "title": "158 missing kids found in CID drive", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state police have continued their drive to trace the missing children and persons and again conducted a nine-day drive across the state where police have found 158 missing kids and 374 missing persons.According to a press release by the state police, a drive was conducted from April 22 to 30 where all city police commissioner offices, district superintendent of police offices and Western Railway offices were asked to participate in it to find out the missing children.Anil Prathm, inspector general of police, CID (Crime), told TOI that during the drive, the police officials were given records of missing children and persons between 2005 and 2012. \"At the end of the drive, the officials found 46 boys, 112 girls, 252 women and 122 men who have come back to their homes. It is a major figure for us as the issue of missing children and persons is taken up on priority by us,\" he said.He said that the department has started studying the reasons of their leaving home. \"We also want to appeal to the citizens to report the missing persons who have come back home. Many a times, they get so excited that they forget to inform police and their record showing them as missing persons remain with us,\" said Prathm.The state police had set up a Special Task Force (STF) to trace the missing kids earlier this year. Before the drive, there were more than 1,500 children to be traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016536", "title": "'NCTC should be set up by Parliament'", "text": "PATNA: Like most of the non-Congress chief ministers who agreed to disagree on the Centre's move to impose a counter-terrorism mechanism without seeking the views of states, Bihar CM Nitish Kumar has vociferously opposed National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) and said the order issued regarding constitution of NCTC should be withdrawn immediately.However, the CM while speaking at the CMs' meeting on NCTC in New Delhi on Saturday, said if the Centre still deemed it prudent to form an outfit like NCTC within the Intelligence Bureau (IB), then it must also be given powers to investigate the cases. Further, any such outfit, if it has to be created at all, must be set up through a legislation by Parliament, he suggested.The CM said the structure adopted for creation of NCTC suffers from a serious flaw as it has been created within the IB, which is a secret intelligence organization without any accountability to Parliament or courts regarding its work. He said, \"It has been an established practice as well as a sacrosanct principle all over the world that secret intelligence agencies are not given powers to arrest.\"Kumar said, \"In our scheme of the Criminal Justice System, only investigating agencies are accountable to courts. All investigating agencies are creatures of legislation and answerable to the courts of the country. However, in the present scheme of things, a body created by the executive instruction of the Centre is sought to be clothed with legal powers which have the potential of impinging upon the life and liberty of citizens of this country, which is normally done only by agencies created by legislative action and answerable to the court.\"\"I am disturbed to see the sacrosanct principle of federalism being violated in course of Centre's antiterrorism onslaught,\" he added.\"Over the decades subsequent to independence, the Union government has slowly but surely extended its control over a large number of developmental and fiscal activities in states. The significant area of control left with states under the Constitution, like law and order and policing, is now increasingly under attack from the Centre and NCTC is the latest instrument of interference in this context,\" he said in his hard-hitting speech.The CM was peeved over the central agencies' practice of calling tiny groups of accused after the name of a district. He said in the media such events have been reported as busting of terror modules identified as 'Darbhanga module' or 'Madhubani module'.\"This is atrocious, to say the least. Even if ... a few persons connected with a particular district are found to be involved in antinational activities, there is hardly any justification to name the group or module after the district concerned,\" he said, adding, \"Is it proper to let the whole district be branded as a terrorist hub? Will this not lead to widespread sense of resentment and alienation among the residents of the district? This practice should be stopped forthwith.\"He asked, \"Where is the need to create new outfits like NCTC, with provisions which arbitrarily trample on the Constitutional safeguards to protect the highly delicate balance of power between the Centre and states?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13023031", "title": "Boy killed in grenade explosion in Kupwara", "text": "SRINAGAR: An eight-year-old boy was killed today when a hand grenade which he had found in a field exploded in Kupwara district of north Kashmir.Tariq Ahmad Shah was killed on the spot when the grenade exploded in his hands at Shirhama in Kalamabad area of Kupwara district, police said.Preliminary investigations have revealed that Shah found the grenade in the fields near his house and started playing with it when the explosion took place, police said.They said the grenade is believed to have been left there during two encounters that took place in May 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13017217", "title": "Health dept reviews steps to curb malaria", "text": "NOIDA: The district health department is getting its act together to check the rise in vector-borne diseases during summer. In a recent survey to test impurities in water, two water samples had tested negative. The health department has said it will review and augment efforts to prevent spread of vector-borne diseases.The department found two water samples from sources in Greater Noida which had low chlorine levels. In a survey, 12 water samples were collected from various parts of the city. \"We have collected various samples from the area and two of them tested negative,\" said Dr Satyender Kumar, district malaria officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13017191", "title": "Newly-wed couple faces threat from family, seeks protection", "text": "GURGAON: A newly-wed couple has approached a city court seeking police protection against their respective families who have been harassing the couple. The families are against the couple as it is an inter-caste marriage.\"We hope that the court gives the order against the family members and provides protection to the victims,\" said Advocate Durgesh Boken, counsel of the couple. The court order on their application will come on Monday.Advocate Bokan said that Kunti, originally from Odisha, had been living with her parents in Garhi Harsaru village for the past 10 years. She fell in love with Jitendra, a resident of Jhamu was village of Tauoru and they later got married in Ghanteshwar Mandir on May 4.Their respective families refused to acknowledge the marriage since Kunti and Jitendra, who are both of age, belong to two different castes.After marriage, they started to live together in Badshahpur village where the family members of both their families came and beat them up. The couple sought police protection after their families threatened to kill them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13017150", "title": "Four companies file bids for 16-lane Golf Course road", "text": "GURGAON: Four companies have filed bids for HUDA-DLF sectoral road connecting Gurgaon Expressway near DLF Cyber City to Golf Course Road. The state government had given its approval for the 8.3-kilometre road project in 2008.The bids are being scrutinized by a leading project management company, Parsons Brinckerhoff, and the project is likely to be awarded in a month, said DLF officials. With the deadline set for September 2014, time began ticking for the project in September 2011 when the Haryana Urban Development Authority (Huda) and realty major DLF signed an agreement on a 50-50 profit-sharing basis.A revised concept study of the project was submitted by global design and planning firm AECOM last year. A senior DLF executive said the agreement was signed after ironing out technical and commercial issues between Huda and DLF.With six underpasses at various points of the sectoral road and a flyover at Sikanderpur junction, the project, once completed, will ease traffic jams in Cyber City that houses companies like Pepsi, Dell, Yahoo, Google, Microsoft, Coca-Cola, Hewlett Packard, Nokia, American Express, etc. The new road will reduce the travel time to three minutes from the present 30 minutes.DLF plans to spend Rs 400-600 crore on the project that will include eight underpasses and a long flyover enabling commuters to reach Golf Course Road from the Gurgaon toll plaza within seven minutes. This stretch usually takes 30 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13015476", "title": "Naxal arrested", "text": "Jaadi Rambabu, CPI Maoist party's Eturnagaram dalam deputy commander, was arrested in Warangal on Saturday. According to Eturnagaram SHO Devender Reddy, Rambabu, a native of Buttayigudem, came to meet his relatives and wanted to collect funds for the party. However, the cops were tipped off about his movements and a trap was laid to nab him.The arrested Naxal is said to have been involved in a number of murder cases and destruction of government and private assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015126", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation to spend Rs 100cr on housing society roads, lights", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In view of the assembly election scheduled later this year, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has announced plans to resurface housing societies' internal roads and to install streetlights and drinking-water pipelines on the public-private-partnership model.AMC officials said that the project is a part of the Swarmin Jayanti Chief Minister Urban Development Fund. Under the project, the government will pay 70% of the funds, while the remaining 30% will be shared by AMC and a society in the ratio of 10%:20%.Municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra said that the state government had allocated Rs 100 crore to AMC for the project. The society will be selected on the first-come-first-served basis. He said only those societies that submit a resolution adopted by them or have signatures of all members would be considered eligible. Also, AMC will fund only those projects which are for conventional streetlights. However, if a society wants to install power-saver lights, they can pay the excess amount.Mohapatra said that the first preference would be given to societies which have more residents from socially backward classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13016836", "title": "JD(S) raises the pitch for legislative council elections", "text": "MANGALORE: The Janata Dal (Secular) is making a strong bid for South-west Teachers' and Graduates Constituencies of Karnataka state legislative council. JD(S) has fielded CM Panchaksharaiah, educationist from Shimoga, and SL Bhoje Gowda, member of Bar Council of India from Chikmagalur, to take on the BJP nominees Ganesh Karnik, deputy chairman of NRI Forum, and DH Shankara Murthy, chairman of Karnataka state legislative council.The constituency includes Shimoga, Channagiri and Honnalli talks of Davanagere district, Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, Chikmagalur and Kodagu districts of Karnataka.Panchaksharaiah told reporters here on Saturday that the JD(S), for a change, has announced the candidates for these constituencies in advance. \"This has given us ample opportunity to reach out to our electorate (in the above areas) and also undertake their enrolment as prospective voters,\" he said.Hitherto, there were only 26,000-odd voters for the Graduates constituency and 10,000-odd for the Teachers' constituency. In the last five months, the JD(S) had undertaken a campaign to increase this voters base, Panchaksharaiah said, adding that the final tally of electorate for Graduates' and Teachers' constituency is likely to go up to more than 65,000 and 13,000 respectively and this will challenge the BJPs hegemony on these seats.MG Hegde, secretary of state unit of JD(S), said the party has taken these polls seriously and the concerted campaign to enroll more electorate is part of party's strategy to shake BJPs hold on these constituencies. \"We are making concerted efforts to highlight bad governance and corruption that has plagued ruling BJP in last four years as election issue in these intellectual polls,\" Hegde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13024704", "title": "Students' body calls 24-hour Arunachal bandh on May 18", "text": "ITANAGAR: The All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (Aapsu) has called a 24-hour statewide bandh on May 18 following the state government's failure to furnish a white paper on the financial status of the state and its inability' to address other burning issues.\"We had called for a white paper on the financial status of the state, which the state government has not furnished; the ultimatum we had given expired on May 3. The government addressed the problem casually and called a meeting with the finance minister instead of a producing a white paper,\" Aapsu president Takam Tatung said in a statement here today.The decision to call the bandh was taken at a meeting of the union here yesterday. The second phase of the agitation would include a 36-hour bandh call to protest against the government's inability to address various problems in the state, Tatung informed.He said Arunachal is reeling under a serious financial crisis due to the stategovernment's alleged mismanagement. The common man is being harassed in the process.Decrying that the government was unable to check the rising law and order problems in the state and particularly in the Capital Complex, the apex student's organization has called for an independent home minister to tackle the situation instead of chief minister Nabam Tuki, who holds the home portfolio.Lamenting the state government's 'inability' to come out with a permanent solution on the interstate boundary issue, Aapsu also demanded an early solution to the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015113", "title": "Who owns Bus Rapid Transit System corridor? Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation decides at last, transfers it to Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has drawn a clear distinction between who owns and maintains the BRTS corridor. Till now, it was the roads project division of AMC that handled the construction and maintenance of the corridor. These works have now been transferred to the Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL). This, according to AJL directors, will help the BRTS maintenance team attend to maintenance problems on time and prevent accidents and structural degradation of the corridor.Though AJL is a special-purpose vehicle (SPV) dedicated to maintain and operate the BRTS system, the governing body will bring out annual rate contracts for the maintenance of the corridor. The mixed-traffic lane carriageways on both sides of the BRTS corridor will be maintained by zonal offices of AMC. The BRTS corridor has a length of 45 kilometre of which 40 kilometre is operational. Three more stretches will be added to the corridor in the next three months.\"The company which will be awarded the annual rate contract will handle maintenance problems for the whole BRTS corridor,\" says a senior AJL member. \"We are also providing space for a warehouse for contractors to store their material.\"The official said that earlier AJL had to depend on each of the seven zones for replacement of parts, say a single broken grill. \"A single company will now take charge of the whole corridor,\" he said. \"Though the parent body will be AMC, for operations and maintenance, AJL will maintain an independent budget.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13016411", "title": "Union minister pledges more funds for rural works", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Countering the ruling BJD's charge of central neglect towards Odisha, Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh said here on Saturday that the state government should stop blaming the Centre and start taking more funds under the national rural job scheme.Ramesh said it was a matter of regret that Odisha, Bihar and Jharkhand have not been taking maximum advantage of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS), though poverty is high in these states.\"Under MGNREGS, Odisha has potential to get 3,500 to 4,000 crore every year considering its demand and poverty. But it spent around 1,000 crore in the last fiscal and between 1,500 crore and 2,000 crore this fiscal,\" he said. He said funds exists and the Centre is willing to spend, but the demand should come (from the state government) in a proper manner.Ramesh said to remove doubts pertaining to utilization of funds under the rural job scheme he has made a move for the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) to audit all programmes under his ministry. \"Every rupee of my ministry's 99,000-crore budget this year will be subject to CAG audit. This is important to ensure transparency and accountability,\" he added.He also informed that his ministry has cleared 6,000 km of roads worth 2,500 crore for Odisha under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana last fiscal and shall sanction an equal amount this fiscal. \"There is no scope for complaints. We have opened our exchequer for your state. Take as much as you want,\" Ramesh remarked, referring to the Naveen government's allegation that the Congress-led UPA government is anti-Odisha. \"There is no question of discrimination, rather this is a show of positive bias in favour of Odisha,\" he added. Ramesh also revealed that the Centre has decided to give Indira Awas Yojana houses to forest dwellers who have got individual pattas (record of rights) under the Forest Rights Act. Under this, 362 crore has been sanctioned for Odisha to benefit one lakh forest dwellers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13014951", "title": "Goa University-TOI's 'Placement Fair' draws 400 aspirants", "text": "PANAJI: With the one-day placement fair held on schedule, Goa University's campus came alive with activity at 9.30am on Saturday which kept the premises energized till 6pm and beyond. The 'Placement Fair' organized in collaboration with The Times of India saw over 400 job-aspirants register for interviews with Goan as well as national and multinational companies.This is the second year that the Goa University is holding the centralized placement fair for graduates and post-graduates from the varsity and its affiliated colleges. Students could choose from a wide range of companies that spanned from the mining, telecom, banking and insurance to the pharma and human resources sectors.While job seekers could pick companies of their choice from a list after the registration and walk-in to the company executives for an interview, companies could shortlist from fresh talent from colleges across the state under one roof.\"I have just answered my bachelor of commerce final exams and am looking for a job as an accountant. At the 'Placement Fair', I could find different employers at one place and by afternoon have already tried my luck with four to five companies. I am hoping for the best,\" Pooja Korgaonkar, a student of Vasco's MES College, said.Companies were seen short-listing candidates after the preliminary interactions for more detailed screening of candidates post the 'Placement Fair'.\"This 'Placement Fair' is a good exercise. If the company advertises for jobs, it will not find so much variety coming to its doorstep as one finds at a placement fair. We don't have to restrict our profile for the candidate. We get can interview and pick the best,\" Suraj Rivonkar, junior human resources executive for Indoco Remedies Limited, said.Sesa Goa, Zuari Industries, HDFC, HDFC Life Insurance, Axis Sales and Securities, IndusInd Bank, Unichem, Indoco, Maruti Chowgules, Karbi Consultants, Kakode Trading, Pai Kane, Idea Cellular , Vodafone, Axis Bank , Club Mahindra, Gesto and Bajaj Allianz were among the participating companies.\"By noon, we have interviewed six candidates and five are already found to be matching our requirements,\" Viraj Govekar, human resources manager at Club Mahindra, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13016694", "title": "Kids give green look to Mysore by planting 350 saplings", "text": "MYSORE: It was exhilarating experience for some 300 children at Chinnara Mela, the summer camp being organized by theatre repertory Rangayana, here on Saturday.They joined hands with the officials of Mysore urban development and forest department to increase the city's green cover. The children in 7-12 age group helped officials in planting some 350 saplings at Vijayanagar Sports Complex here.Shashikiran, 12, student of Class V, told STOI that she loved every moment of it and felt happy that she was a part of nature conservation group.Eight-year-old Muskan said she felt gratified after planting a sapling for the first time. Kusuma, 16, a volunteer at Chinnara Mela, said people can save environment by such efforts.Rangayana director B V Rajaram said children helped the authorities in planting the saplings. Children were given one sapling each, and they took three hours to complete the task. The event was an effort to involve children in conserving nature.Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath said they are planting 1,001 saplings at the sports complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13016987", "title": "Maha Bodhi Society spreads cheer among poor", "text": "BANGALORE: On the occasion of Buddha Purnima on Sunday, Maha Bodhi Society (MHS) general secretary Ananda Bhante speaks to STOI on its significance and activities of the Society.How does MHS celebrate Buddha Purnima?The MBS celebrates Buddha Purnima with one week of intensive humanitarian services as Bodhi Saptaha - Enlightenment Week. During this time, we visit various hospitals and give fruit packets to poor patients, pray for them and counsel people in distress. On the day of Purnima, it is a big festival at MBS Vihara where thousands of people come for puja and discourses. Apart from this programme, we conduct temporary ordination for people where they become monks for one week and spend time in meditation and learn Buddha's teachings.How did the Maha Bodhi Society in Bangalore come into existence?It was the Mysore Maharaja's wish to have a Buddhist center in Bangalore as he was a benevolent supporter of all religions. He had granted land to a Buddhist mission who requested and offered it to Acharya Buddharakkhita to develop it. That is how he founded the Maha Bodhi Society in Bangalore in 1956. The Acharya chose Bangalore as he had pleasant experience of staying here when he wandered as an ascetic. The people are peaceful and more open to learning.What are MHS's major achievements/activities?The society has been conducting weekly meditation classes and Buddhism study classes. The society has published many books on Buddhism, most significant of them being the Holy Tipitaka - Buddhist scriptures in Pali language which are translated into Kannada language. Apart from spiritual activities, the society has also developed Maha Bodhi Burns and Casualty Centre in Victoria Hospital among other things.What's the road ahead for the Maha Bodhi Society?MBS would like to develop the Pali and Theravada University into a regular Buddhist university offering high- quality Buddhist education for both monks and the common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13014322", "title": "Italian ship sails off Kerala waters on completion of court formalities", "text": "KOCHI: Italian oil tanker 'Enrica Lexie', detained off Kerala coast since February 15 after its Marines shot dead two Indian fishermen, on Saturday sailed off from here for Colombo after completion of all legal formalities, including execution of a bond for Rs 3 crore.The ship set sail from the Cochin Port's outer harbour at 11 pm on Saturay night, coastal police sources said.Port authorities permitted the vessel to leave the outer harbour where it was berthed for about 80 days on receipt of a fax message from the Kerala high court registrar general permitting the ship to leave Kerala waters and after completion of all other formalities, port sources said.Earlier, the registrar general of the high court had permitted the release of the vessel after the ship's owner executed a bond for Rs three crore and submitted a demand draft for an equal amount.Pio Shiano, managing director of Dolphin Tankers Ltd, the ship owner, executed the bond and presented the DD to high court registrar general B Kamal Pasha on Saturday afternoon and got the release order of the vessel.Two marines from the vessel Lattore Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone, who had allegedly shot dead the two Kerala fishermen Valentine alias Jelestine and Ajesh Binki suspecting them to be pirates, were arrested and have been charged with murder. They are lodged in Thiruvananthapuram Central Jail.On a petition by Italy and the ship's owner, the Supreme court had on May 2 allowed the release of the vessel after directing them to execute a bond for Rs three crore and on an undertaking that six other marines on the vessel would be brought before Indian court when required.Italy had maintained that Kerala government had no locus standi to register any criminal case as the alleged offence ought to be treated under international law and covenants as India is a signatory to the UN Charter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015106", "title": "434 Indian fishermen, 575 boats in Pak custody", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Union government has admitted that there are 434 Indian fishermen in the custody of Pakistani authorities, which have also impounded 575 Indian fishing boats. According to officials, the majority of these fishermen and boats are from Gujarat, Daman and Diu.In reply to a question from Member of Parliament from Ahmedabad East, Harin Pathak , external affairs minister S M Krishna said that in the first four months of 2012, 108 fishermen were arrested by Pakistani agencies. In 2011, 123 had been arrested.The minister said that an India-Pakistan judicial committee had been set up to ensure humane treatment and expeditious release of prisoners, including fishermen, who have completed their prison terms. The committee has recommended that the fishermen should be repatriated by sea lanes, along with their boats.The Union government has said about 200 Indian fishermen had been released so far this year; 103 fishermen were released in 2011, and 454 in 2010.Pathak also sought to know if financial assistance was being provided to fishermen by the government. The minister replied that the ministry of agriculture was the nodal agency for the payment of compensation to fishermen lodged in Pakistani jails. He said the government has also offered a soft-loan packages for replacement of fishing vessels confiscated by Pakistan.As for Pathak's question about the steps taken for the release of fishermen, the Centre said that the matter had been taken up at various levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13016460", "title": "National Commission for Minorities wants govt to take action those framed youths in blasts case", "text": "JAIPUR: National Commission for Minorities (NCM) has asked the state government to hold somebody responsible for framing 11 Muslims, who were acquitted by lower court in December last year after spending three years in jail for their alleged involvement in the 2008 Jaipur serial blasts.NCM chairperson Wajahat Habibullah told TOI: \"If the court has not found them guilty and government has not appealed against the verdict in 90 days, the matter should be considered for compensation to each of the acquitted person.\"\"This matter needs thorough inquiry. Those found guilty of framing them falsely should face action,\" said Habibullah, who was on a day's trip to Jaipur to attend the ninth All India Muslim Educational Society conference. Keeping eleven persons in jail for three years, without strong evidence, as observed by the court, is a serious matter, he said.He also said that if victims approached us, the NCM will initiate action. He asked the state minorities department and state minorities commission to look into matter by approaching those acquitted. \"The department will study the matter and will submit a report to NCM,\" said Rohit Brandon, principal secretary of state minorities department.Muslim socio-religious and political leaders will raise the matter before Union law minister Salman Khurshid , who will chair a morning session in the conference on Sunday.Peckar Farooq, counsel for defendants, said they underwent mental and physical torture and their families were subjected to social boycott. They are liable to compensation \"as recommended in the draft Communal Violence Prevention Bill 2011\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014735", "title": "Rebels mum on plan after forcing elected representatives to quit", "text": "NAGPUR: The elected representatives of the Bhamragarh tehsil in south Gadchiroli have already vacated their posts last week fearing action from the Naxals who had issued strict diktats. The question now being asked in Gadchiroli is what are the Naxal plans now? The Maoists have been non-committal on the issue so far.Two Panchayat Samiti members from the Adivashi Vidhyarthi Sangathna outfit, which belongs to MLA Dipak Atram, had tried to submit their resignations on Friday. Mangesh Alami and Sarita Kando had to return as both, Samiti president Lalita Masram and block development officer MS Sawadkar were not present in the office. In Etapalli, two Zilla parishad (ZP) members had resigned earlier this week. These members were elected in February earlier this year in the civic election.It's learnt that the PS members would be submitting their resignations on Monday. Deputy sarpanch of Etapalli, Ramesh Ghammpawar is also slated to vacate his post along with hordes of other office bearers of gram panchayat and sabha. The Naxals, it has been learnt, issued threats to all the elected members of the civic bodies in both south and north Gadchiroli to quit their posts.According to local sources in Etapalli, the Naxals had warned that the rebels wanted to see no politically elected leaders occupying the chairs of the ZP and PS. But, there had been no clear-cut indications from them whether the vacant bodies would be fulfilled by the members who they think to fit the bill or remain vacant.A district source indicated that some local residents had also asked the Naxals what could be their next step but the rebels have kept the villagers guessing. \"All that the Naxals said is that they would soon reveal their next plan or issue further instructions,\" said the source.The source added that the local civic bodies carry out several works pertaining to the village development and cater to the various needs of the local population pertaining to health, education, sanitation, provision of drinking water and such other crucial functions.\"We have no clue who would now carry out the works that bodies like ZP and PS used to conduct for village development and welfare of the people,\" said a district resident. He also added that certain benefiting schemes implemented through the local bodies have been crippled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13014930", "title": "An evening with the Sultans", "text": "Besides the cool pre-monsoon breeze gushing through the palm leaves outside Palecette Rodrigues in Anjuna, there was another sort of excitement palpable in the air last Sunday evening. The premises of this over two century old structure were abuzz with a handful of folks lazing around in chairs sprinkled across the lawns, while two musicians were setting up for an evening that had aural connoisseurs shuffling in slowly but steadily. The two - Arjun Sen (commonly called AJ) and Lew Hilt, guitarists and bassists, respectively, with the Delhi-based band HFT - were to be a part of a jam session of such proportions that it would need nothing less than a grand old structure such as this one to truly complement what was to follow. Drinks and smoke in hands, the veterans seemed happy to share their musical journey thus far while tweaking a knob and plugging a cable over swigs and drags.\"I started in the early 70s with a pop band called 'Cavalier'. Then moved on to a band named 'Great Bear', and from there to a band called 'High',\" says Hilt in as casual a manner as his booming baritone can maintain. Described as arguably the best bassist in the country, he proceeds to light up yet another cigarette and mention his association with the historic 'Louis Banks Brotherhood' during late 1978 and then to the seventeen defining years as part of the pioneering Calcutta-based rock band 'Shiva'.For AJ, the musical trip started in Shillong of 1979 with the band 'Great Society' which he formed with the Dylan of the East, the iconic Lou Majaw. This was followed by 'Don't Lose the One', a Delhi-based jazz band that got its name not from some bleeding heart, misty-eyed memory of a loved one but from the elementary numerical, reverential to musicians.\"Lew and I had met and jammed quite a few times before 2004. But it was really in that year that we realized it's been high time and that we must make some music together,\" he recalls while explaining how HFT was conceived. And the HFT trio, including the ethereal multi-percussionist Suchet Malhotra, has been dominating the jazz music scene across the country for over eight years now.Our interaction stalled with faint sounds of uniquely poignant notes emanating from the stage. It was none other than Derek Julien, the giant of Indian jazz music circuit getting on with the sound check. \"They started it all,\" says Lew. \"Waterfront defined the importance of a unique sound way back in the 70s and pretty much set the benchmark.\"In an era of jazz legends like Braz Gonsalves, Louis Banks and Trilok Gurtu , Julien started in the late 1960s with his band 'Waterfront' and 40 years later, his dynamism and energy remains unfazedstill inspires established rockstars. Gurtu, today a world-renowned, Grammy-winning percussionist based in Europe, in fact, came to fore as a member of 'Waterfront' way back in 1971 when Lloyd Pedro of the original lineup left the band.With a vast repository of experience behind him, Julien's rich tonal variations and exquisite musical expressions can leave anyone spell bound, even during a sound check.Like any jam session, the musicians followed the lead and within minutes the Palecette Rodrigues lawns were grooving to a blues standard progression with Julien, AJ and the 70s Indian psychedelic rock band Atomic Forest's Neil Chattopadhya on guitars; Lew's pulsating basslines and an Israeli drummer, Ori Ballack, providing a picturesque backdrop. Half an hour into the show and with the crowd and musicians warming up nicely, power played a party pooper. Electricityvoltage issues stalled the jam for a few minutes giving the musicians an accidental drinks break and the audience some much-needed time to absorb 30 minutes of awe-inspiring improvisation.Minutes later, with power restored to normal, the jam was back on, this time with exceptional local talents Elvis Lobo and Shayne Ballantyne joining in with the fretboards. For the next hour, blues and jazz standards mixed with hammering pentatonic scales rendered many in the audience helpless making them leave their seats and hop around over those mesmerizing bass notes.The air was thick with excitement and toes still warm with all that hopping, when a discernible synthesizer emerged from the medley of guitar sounds with the legendry Goan musician Steve Sequeira cruising into the jam with his unique progressions. And as if the stage wasn't already brimming with talent, Remo Fernandes, the shining beacon of Goan music for the rest of the country, made a guest appearance and joined the veterans with a flute solo and his signature scatting sending the audience into a minor bout of frenzy.The jam culminated with a blues standard in Sequeira's smoky voice drawing the curtains over a memorable evening laced with pristine talent.The three artistes will present a similar jam session titled 'The Blues and Beyond' on Sunday at 6.30pm at Palecette Rodrigues with Derek, AJ, Elvis and Shayne leading the lineup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015541", "title": "20-day Prajapatham concludes in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Amidst protests, the 20-day Prajapatham programme concluded in the city on Saturday. Though the programme was termed as a mass contact programme, neither the chief minister nor Hyderabad district incharge minister J Geetha Reddy made an effort to reach out to the citizens of the twin cities.Though several issues were listed under the 'official' programme category, water crisis in the city overshadowed other problems. Incidentally, not a single petition was received from locals seeking the Rajiv Arogyasri card.According to a report put out by the chief planning officer (CPO) of the Prajapatham programme in Hyderabad district, 822 petitions were received on water problem but only 196 complaints were redressed. In the Pavala Vaddi scheme for self-help groups (SHGs), 665 petitions were received.The programme was aimed to facilitate interaction between the people and public representatives on various issues. However, there was a poor response from Congress ministers, MLAs and MLCs. Only the MIM legislators participated in the Prajapatham actively.Minister Mukesh Goud, who represents Goshamahal constituency in the Assembly, participated in one or two programmes, but had to face public ire. Amberpet MLA (BJP) G Kishan Reddy participated in the programme and tried to corner the government.Jubilee Hills legislator (Congress) P Vishnuvardhan Reddy attended the government programme in his constituency but strongly criticised chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy for not fulfilling his promises made during the earlier Rachabanda programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13021998", "title": "AIIMS, Bhubaneswar academic session to begin this September", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Despite the slow pace of construction work, the first academic session of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Bhubaneswar is all set to begin from September this year while its hospital would be ready next year, union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said today.\"Work is moving at a slow pace, but we have decided to start the medical college of AIIMS here this year. Classes for the MBBS course will begin in September, 2012,\" Azad told reporters here.Similarly, the hospital would be completed next year so that the students who join the MBBS course at the new AIIMS centre would be able to utilise the facility, Azad said after visiting the site and reviewing constructon work for AIIMS.The director for the upcoming prestigious institute has already been selected and selection of faculties had also been completed, he said.\"Now all work and preparations (are) for starting the classes this year and the hospital by 2013 with full pace. People are working day and night to complete the work as per our plan,\" Azad said.AIIMS is coming up on 100 acres of land at Sijua on the outskirts of the city. The state government had approved Rs 18 lakh for putting up an 11 KV line at the AIIMS project site while an additional Rs 9 lakh was been approved for beautification of the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13016211", "title": "India, Pak peaceniks begin signature drive for a relaxed visa regime", "text": "AMRITSAR: Peaceniks of India and Pakistan have begun a signature campaign for a relaxed visa regime between two nations to enable hassle-free cross-border travel for the common man.The campaign aims at collecting atleast 1 lakh signatures of citizens of both countries and presenting them to their respective presidents and prime ministers to apprise them of the aspirations of common people of both countries whose voices generally go unheard.\"Our Pakistan colleagues of Institute of Peace and Secular Studies have already begun the campaign and we are going to begin the campaign in Punjab in near future,\" said president of Folklore Academy Ramesh Yadav while talking to TOI on Saturday.While stressing on people-to-people contact between India and Pakistan, he said, \"When we meet regularly, we understand each other in a better way and also sink our differences and if we don't meet our perceptions about each other are based on hearsay which could be influenced by anti-peace elements,\" he said.The Institute of Peace and Secular Studies secretary Rahimul Haq told TOI over phone from Lahore that they aimed to conclude their campaign on August 14.\"Our teams are on the job in various cities of Pakistan, which also helps to generate common consensus on peaceful existence between two nations other than obtaining signatures of common man,\" he said.Haq added that the peaceniks were not deterred by the designs of pro-war elements which were present in both the countries and had been attempting to sabotage the peace process.He said achieving peace was not a short-term programme and the path was full of several difficulties.Rahimul Haq opined that for a permanent peace, both the governments of India and Pakistan have to undergo major reforms in their administrative and bureaucratic set up and should be positive of forging permanent ties between two neighbouring countries.Meanwhile, a high-level 45-member business delegation led by Godrej Group chairman and CII president Adi Godrej would crossover to Pakistan to attend 2nd Aman ki Asha Indo-Pak economic conference being organized by \"The Times of India\" and Pakistan's \"Jang Group\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13015945", "title": "37-year-old sneaks into hospital to commit suicide", "text": "KOLKATA: Trouble broke out in a private hospital off Eastern Metropolitan Bypass on Saturday morning after a 37-year-old man was found dead under mysterious circumstances. As news of the incident spread, locals barged into the hospital to protest against the negligence of the hospital and reportedly damaged some furniture. Preliminary investigation revealed the man committed suicide.At 11am on Saturday, security guards heard a loud thud and found the victim lying in a pool of blood at the back of the hospital. Though he was taken to the emergency ward, the victim succumbed to his injuries.Around 11am, security guards found the youth lying in a pool of blood at the back of the hospital following a huge thud. Initially, the hospital authority failed to identify the victim who was shifted to the emergency ward for treatment. But he soon succumbed to his injuries.On being informed, police from Tiljala police station initiated a probe and identified the victim as Harekrishna Haldar, 37, of Netajipalli in Tiljala close to the hospital. Later, the victim's kin identified the body.were informed and after a preliminary probe police suspect that the man committed suicide by jumping off the hospital's terrace. After a further manhunt, cops identified the victim as Harekrishna Haldar (37) of Netajipalli of Tiljala close to the hospital. The victim's family was informed and they identified their kin as Haldar.Meanwhile locals gathered in front of the hospital and started agitating against alleged negligence on part of the hospital. The agitators reportedly barged into the hospital and damaged some furniture. \"The hospital has tight security arrangements as well as close circuit cameras. How could an outsider with no connection to the hospital climb to the terrace and commit suicide?\" questioned a local.As the situation turned violent, a huge contingent of police rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control. The victim's family also felt that the hospital authorities could have been a little more vigilant.The same question was raised by members of the victim's family. The agitators turned violent and barged into the hospital. They allegedly damaged some furniture of the hospital. Sensing trouble, a huge police contingent rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control.The investigation, however, ruled out any foul play. Probe revealed that Haldar, the father of two children, used to work in a hosiery factory. For the past few years, he was undergoing treatment for a mental disorder. Relatives reached Haldar's home on Saturday to attend a puja. The victim managed to leave home in the midst of it, he suddenly left home. Kalyani Sarkar, the victim's elder sister, admitted that her brother was mentally ill and she did not rule out the possibilities of suicide.\"The injuries also suggest that he died due to a fall from a height and circumstantial evidence suggests that he committed suicide,\" said an investigator. Police are also probing how Haldar managed to sneak into the hospital by evading security guards. He also assured that cops are probing how the man managed to sneak into the hospital, evading security guards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13022720", "title": "Salgaocar recruit Jacobs, Hamza for next I-League season", "text": "MARGAO: Sikkim United Football Club's Quinton Jacobs and HAL's striker Hamza Amaba have signed for Salgaocar FC as foreign players for the next I-League season even as Edeh Chidi along with French Maxime Belouet have been dropped.Chidi had a disappointing season despite being the highest paid footballer at the club.Salgaocar's coaching staff had monitored Hamza in the I-League where he scored seven goals for HAL and were impressed with his ability to tire out defences with his speedy movement.The signing of 32-year old former Namibia Captain Jacobs who played for Baichung Bhutia's Sikkim United Football Club which has been promoted to the Elite I-League, started his career with Black Africa in native Namibia in 1997 and later played with Manchester United reserves against a Major League Soccer (MLS) Under-21 in 1999.Salgaocar Captain Brazilian Luciano Sobrosa will continue to lead the side. However, there is no confirmation with the other foreign striker Japanese Ryuji Sueoka whether he will be available for next season.Sueoka, the best player of the I-League last year is being pursued relentlessly by I-League Champions Dempo and Churchill Brothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13017205", "title": "Maid among three held for theft", "text": "NOIDA: Three persons, including a woman, have been arrested for stealing Rs 21 lakh in cash and jewellery worth several lakhs from a house in Sector 27. The accused, Birendra, Dharmendra and Sunita, were nabbed from near Vishwa Bharati School in Sector 28. Police have recovered Rs 24.51 lakh of stolen cash from them.Two of the accused had struck at Vimal Garg's residence in Sector 27 when he had gone out with his family. Only his daughter and the maid were present in the house, police said. The two forced their way into the house at 6.45pm and tied up the maid. They then fled with the valuables.Police said the domestic help, Sunita, had collided with the accused. The police said she had informed her accomplices, Birendra and Dharmendra, when the family would be absent.\"We had scoured different areas and finally arrested the accused from outside Vishwa Bharati School,\" said a senior police officer.Police found that Birendra and Dharmendra were involved in a number of robberies in Noida, Mayur Vihar and the neighbouring sectors. The accused, Birendra, was a guard in Aligarh, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13019267", "title": "TV serials to copy Bollywood blockbusters", "text": "Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge, Dil Toh Pagal Hai, Jamai Raja, Pardes, Daraar, Biwi No.1, Jab We Met, Vivaah, Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi. Besides being Bollywood blockbusters, they have something else in common. All of these have been made or are on the verge of being made into daily soaps.Sooraj Barjatya's Sapna Babul Ka Bidaai was based entirely on Vivaah , until the storyline was tweaked, Aditya Chopra's Shah Rukh Khan starrer Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi found a small screen version in Do Hanson Ka Joda starring Shaleen Bhanot and Shubhangi Atre. Love You Zindagi , Star Plus' weekend show was a televised version of Imtiaz Ali's Jab We Met .Of course, this was also the first adaptation where the original filmmaker was consulted creatively. As Imtiaz himself puts it, he'd have loved to make a \"TV series out of Jab We Met if I hadn't made a film out of it. Geet and Aditya's story had many layers that could be tapped\". It was another matter altogether that reality show star Pavitra Punia and model turned actor Siddharth Shukla were not the best bets for the roles they reprised and the show bit dust much before it was expected to!Not that the small screen shows haven't been 'inspired' by Bollywood films before. In Dill Mill Gayye , entire sequences from Dil Toh Pagal Hai (the 'Aur Paas' scene between Shah Rukh-Madhuri to the Lonavala sequences between SRK-Madhuri-Aruna Irani) and Andaz Apna Apna were recreated between its lead couple Karan Singh Grover and Shilpa Anand.Ranbir Kapoor's famous towel dance sequence from Saawariya was reshot with Karan Tacker ( Rang Badalti Odhni ) and Nikhil Chaddha ( Miley Jab Hum Tum Season 2). Movie songs have been reshot in shows - Salaam -e- Ishq ( Dill Mill Gayye , Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon? ), Bahon Ke Darmiyan ( Mrs Kaushik Ke Paanch Bahuyein , Bade Achche Lagte Hain ), Anarkali Disco Chali ( Punar Vivaah ) etc etc.Now comes the twist in the proverbial Bollywood tale. David Dhawan's Biwi No. 1 seems to have found a fairly faithful copy in Ekta Kapoor's Kya Hua Tera Vaada with the typical Balaji tadka . Pawan Shankar tries to do a Salman Khan, while the svelte Mouli Ganguly in a new, revamped mode reprises Sushmita Sen's role.Mona Singh plays the hassled, much harried hausfrau, 'inspired' by Karisma Kapoor. There are even similar supporting actors. Delnaz doing a Tabu, Apara Mehta as Himani Shivpuri. Rajashri's Jhilmil Sitaron Ka Aangan Hoga is loosely inspired by Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit's Jamai Raja . Of course the characters have been 'modified' suitably.Dil Se Di Dua ... Saubhagyavati Bhava is also a faithful enough copy of the Juhi Chawla-Arbaaz Khan-Rishi Kapoor starrer Daraar which still is Arbaaz's best screen portrayal till date. Karanvir Bohra takes sadism to newer highs (or lows) as the overtly possessive and psychopath Virat Dobriyal in Dil Se ..., Sriti Jha as the cowering Jahnvi might not be a match for Juhi, but hottie Harshad Chopra as the supportive boyfriend is a showstealer.Shraddha Arya and Sudeep Sahir's Main Laxmi Tere Angan Ki is inspired by the 60s hit Saajan and the 80s hit, Mithun Chakravorty-Rati Agnihotri starrer, Pasand Apni Apni .Bade Achche Lagte Hai , another Ekta Kapoor show is 'inspired' by a Kumar Gaurav-Poonam Dhillion flick made in the 80s, Teri Kasam . Ram Kapoor and Sakshi Tanwar are reliving Girish Karnad and Ranjeeta's roles. Of course Ram and Sakshi's screen chemistry and histrionic ability completely outshine their big screen predecessors. Ekta's also reportedly planning to create a love story based on Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge with Sara (of Dhoond Legi Manzil Hamein ) Khan and Nishant Malkani replaying Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol's roles.Sources in Balaji say, Zee TV has already planned \"a slot for the show and it might take off post IPL\". Incidentally, Ekta also intends to recreate Subhash Ghai's Pardes and is reportedly working on the casting and the script. The show was originally planned for Life Ok, but nothing has been finalized yet. JD Majethia's Hamari Bahu Ka Byah , soon to air on Sony TV is based on Dil Toh Pagal Hai . Gaurav Khanna essays the role played by SRK in the original.Considering Bollywood filmmakers are in a remake mode, it's poetic justice perhaps that the big screen hits are now going 'small'. Will they work? Well, that's an answer that lies only with the audience, wielding the most powerful weapon of them all - the remote contol. If the storyline is gripping and the ensemble cast powerful, even 'inspired' films can be made to appear original!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13015526", "title": "Panjab University extends date for filling online CET forms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Students who have to fill Panjab University's common entrance test (CET) forms online now have an extended deadline. After closing down the form filling process once, now on the directions of the Punjab and Haryana high court, which has passed an interim order on the issue of the eligibilty age for admission to the law courses, the university has re-started the process. The deadline for submitting online forms for law course, BA/BCom-LLB integrated course is now May 14.CET is a gateway to key courses offered by PU and affiliated colleges including MBBS, BDS, law and honours school integrated programmes and over 10,800 students have already filled forms online.Affecting a cross-section of students seeking admission to PU courses, confusion had been prevailing on the issue of age eligibility for law courses. The admission for law courses is due on May 27 at PU. \"We have mentioned the details on the website and have also mentioned court's order for the convenience of students. They can directly refer to the website. The online process for admission is on till May 14,\" said K Tankeshwar, director, PU computer cell which is incharge of the CET online admissions.The interim order of the HC quoted by the CET website on admission to law courses states, \"Application forms will be received online from all candidates, who are aged 20 years or below for general category and 22 years or below for scheduled caste category, till May 5, 2012 with the rider that such applications would remain provisional and subject to the outcome of the writ petition.\"The final verdict of the court is awaited and the hearing is on May 14.\"The court order would come as relief for those rendered ineligible because of their age. The date considered for turning 20 years of age, which was earlier November 2011 has now been extended to May 2012. The final verdict of the court is awaited,\" says Surbhi Verma, an aspirant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13017243", "title": "Police shoot, arrest dacoit near Kengeri", "text": "BANGALORE: A police team led by inspector KP Satyanarayana of Kengeri police station shot and injured a suspected dacoit on Saturday afternoon in Gidadakonenahalli near Jnanabharathi in Bangalore West when the dacoit attacked them with a machete.Sunil Gopal, 25, of Maddur, was shifted to Victoria Hospital with bullet injuries in the right knee and his condition is stable. He was riding the Scooty Pep the gang had robbed from a woman on Friday. He was tracked down near Kengeri main road around 2.30pm.Satyanarayana along with police constable B Shesha chased him in their jeep and on reaching Gidadakonenahalli , Sunil stopped the vehicle and allegedly attacked them with a machete. While Satyanarayana sustained minor hand injuries, Shesha suffered deep cuts on his hand and shoulder.Sunil is among five dacoits who allegedly stopped a woman riding a twowheeler on NICE Road on Friday evening and tried to kidnap her. Alerted by the commotion, motorists not only averted the dacoity, but also caught one of them, Satish, red-handed . He claimed to be an associate of Sunil. Police are still looking for the other three dacoits.Deputy commissioner of policewest , SN Sidramappa told TOI that Satyanarayana was searching near Kengeri and surrounding areas. \"Satish had given some clues about the absconding dacoits and that helped track down Sunil. When he stopped the vehicle , our inspector told him to surrender but Sunil pulled out the machete and attacked him,\" Sidramappa said.Sunil is wanted in six cases including attempt to murder and dacoity.Nigerian drug peddler arrestedThe CCB police on Friday arrested a 36-year-old Nigerian, identified as Jideani Paul of Ramagondanahalli in Ramamurthynagar, east Bangalore, and recovered 115 grams of cocaine worth Rs 11 lakh from him. A native of Lagos city in Nigeria, Jideani is the 24th Nigerian national to be arrested in city under drug peddling charges in three years.The accused is said to have sold cocaine to students, and IT&BT; employees, among others. \"He charged a minimum of Rs 10,000 for one pinch of cocaine,\" CCB police said. Investigations revealed that Jideani entered India with a business visa in 2009. \"First he landed in Mumbai and started garment business. He suffered loss and came to Bangalore last year and settled in Ramagondanahalli and became a drug peddler. According to him, most of his country men are drug peddlers,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13015841", "title": "Kudankulam N-plant to start operations in 10 days: Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: Springing a surprise, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday said the Kudankulam nuclear power project is all set to go on stream within 10 days. \"Within 10 days we will start the project,\" an optimistic Jayalalithaa said after participating in the chief ministers' conference in New Delhi.Senior officials at the Nuclear Power Corporation Limited, however, did not share the CM's enthusiasm about the short deadline for commissioning of the plant.An official said that even loading fuel in the first unit may take more than 15 days as the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) is yet to give its clearance. \"Only the first inspection of the unit by an AERB team has taken place and another team of senior officials will have to check the unit. Only after that we will get the clearance to load fuel,\" said the official.KNPP managers and NPCL senior officials have earlier said that the first 1,000MW unit will be commissioned only by June.With TN hard-pressed to meet the growing power demand in the state, Jayalalithaa has been making fervent pleas for getting all the 1,000MW generated from the first unit of the plant for TN.But the Centre has made it clear that TN will receive only about 400MW and that it would adhere to a prescribed formula for power sharing among states. Last week in New Delhi, Union minister of state V Narayanasamy said power production would commence in 40 days in the first unit and two months later in the second unit.Officials at the plant have tested more than 600 pumps and motors, 200 control panels and a same number of electrical panels and individual systems in the reactor 1. Sources said three kinds of safety drill would be done before the plant is commissioned. The first two have been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015091", "title": "Gujarat woman gave censor the scissors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Had this Gujarati woman been around today, silver screen's serial kisser Emraan Hashmi would have been out of job. For, Lilavati Munshi led a movement to bring in laws to restrict obscene from being screened - and in the process expanded the scope of censorship.Kissing scenes were not uncommon in Indian films until 1950s. In the 1921 film 'Anusuya', actress Sakinabai appeared in nude. And, Himanshurai's 'Karma' (1933) had a four-minute kissing scene. It was largely after Munshi's movement that kissing scenes vanished from the Indian silver screen.A Rajya Sabha member and wife of prominent Gujarati writer, thinker and statesman, K M Munshi, she moved a resolution in 1954 to prohibit screening of 'undesirable' films. The resolution was adopted by the House following which the government amended the Cinematograph Act in 1959 - the year when Asha Parekh, a Gujarati, made her debut in films and later went on to become first woman chairperson of the censor board.Munshi's efforts ensured that the limited censorship aimed at restricting political messages in films during the British regime expanded and burden for the Central Board of Film Certification was increased manifold.Derek Bose, in his 'Bollywood Uncensored', notes she founded the Society for the Prevention of Unhealthy Trends in Motion Pictures in Bombay in early 1950s. There was a signature drive against projection of obscene and violent scenes in films.Film historians Erik Barnow and Subrahmanyam Krishnaswamy in their 'Indian Film' note, \"A leader in these demands was Lilavati. She was a constant letter writer and speaker in the cause of stricter censorship, and eventually the law was amended.\"Lilavati was born a Jain and married Lalbhai Sheth. After her husband's death in 1926, she married Munshi, a Shaiv Brahmin and widower. Since 1920s, she was associated with the freedom struggle. She was active in the Salt Satyagraha and the Civil Disobedience Movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "13015904", "title": "HIV positive convict seeks mercy killing, alleges discrimination", "text": "SALEM: A 38-year-old HIV positive prisoner lodged in the central prison here has written to President Pratibha Patil , Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah and Union home minister P Chidambaram, seeking mercy killing.C Periyasamy alias Tamilmani of Pudhuchatram in Namakkal district is a murder convict and serving life term in the Salem central prison. On Saturday, he was taken to Salem Government Hospital for regular health check-up, along with two others serving life sentences. Periyasamy alleged that he has been denied proper food and medicine in jail and he has decided to end his life. \"I am a HIV positive patient and I have to take antiretroviral medicine. I don't get proper treatment or nutritious food in jail,\" he said.His lawyer, R Partiban, confirmed that Periyasamy has sent a letter to the President seeking mercy killing. He also alleged that the jail authorities refused to even implement court orders. \"As Periyasamy is living with HIV, the court has asked the jail authorities to provide him nutritional food and proper treatment,\" Partiban said. He said Periyasamy was given such facilities in Coimbatore central prison and but has been denied the same in the Salem prison.Prison officials said Periyasamy was arrested in a murder case and sent to the Coimbatore central prison on April 12, 2003. He was transferred to the Salem prison on July 3, 2011 for administrative reasons.Jail superintendent S Parameswaran denied the allegations. \"As per the recommendations of the medical experts, Periyasamy is being provided nutritious food including egg and chicken and medicines as prescribed by TB hospital at Tambaram Sanatorium near Chennai. But the prisoner demands food from outside the jail like fresh beef,\" he said. After the health check-up at GH on Saturday, Periyasamy was taken back to the Salem prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13014463", "title": "Dravid's Rajasthan end four-game losing streak", "text": "MOHALI: Punjab are just finding it difficult to eke out a win at home. When they were required to raise their game, they just surrendered abjectly. What they needed was to win the toss and bat first but the coin did not favour them.Scorecard | Match in Pics | Watch IPL HighlightsMaking first use of a good batting wicket, Rajasthan posted the highest score this season - 177/6 - at the PCA stadium here. Getting the runs at almost 8 an over proved too much for the hosts after the top order perished without substantial contribution.The 43-run win enabled Rajasthan to end their four-game losing streak, while for Punjab it was their fourth loss at home in five games. Rajasthan have jumped to the fifth spot in the points table, while Punjab have dropped to sixth.The way Rajasthan batsmen had begun it seemed the score would finally cross the 200-mark at the venue this season, the earlier highest being 171. But Ryan Harris bowled with fire and picked up wickets to keep the total within manageable limits. The Australian, who joined the team after the Test series in the Caribbean, grabbed four wickets to stem the flow of runs.Chasing the target, one expected Punjab batsmen to fire from the beginning. But for once their opener Mandeep Singh and one-drop Nitin Saini failed to give a platform for the rest of the batting to launch an assault. And when Shaun Marsh was sent packing by off-spinner Johan Botha, the writing was on the wall. At halfway stage, Punjab had stumbled to 70 for four and required 100 from the last 10. By then, the battle was virtually over. The home batsmen continued gamely and the crowd stayed back sportingly till Azhar Mahmood was at the crease. But even he could not change the fate of the match.Punjab had made a positive start to the match when they got rid of Ajinkya Rahane cheaply. It was a rare failure for him as he was outfoxed by Harris. His early exit allowed Watson to make a quick entry and get his bat flashing. The blond Aussie all-rounder struck two sixes and four boundaries and with Dravid too being more adventurous than usual, Rajasthan were off to a flier despite the early setback.After Watson fell to a brilliant catch by Harris off Piyush Chalwa, it was the turn of Ashok Menaria to take over the responsibility of getting quick runs. Menaria was particular severe on Chawla whom he carted for successive sixes. With Brad Hodge too joining the fun, Rajasthan were able to set a target which proved well beyond the reach of the rivals.For Rajasthan, it was revival of their chances, while Punjab were left wondering what they ought to do to get a win at home. They have one more home game in Mohali on May 13 and will conclude their league campaign in Dharamashala, their second home, on May 17 and 19. They would be hoping that change of venue will finally bring them luck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur/new delhi", "code": "13023442", "title": "56 MLAs loyal to Raje offer to quit, BJP plays down crisis", "text": "JAIPUR/NEW DELHI: The feud in Rajasthan BJP intensified today with 56 MLAs loyal to sulking leader Vasundhara Raje offering to resign but the party played down the crisis and tried to placate her.Senior leader L K Advani, BJP president Nitin Gadkari and Arun Jaitley spoke to Raje over phone to defuse the crisis, a day after she threatened to quit the party.56 MLAs out of 79 that BJP has in the 200-member Assembly offered to resign in support of Raje, a close aide of the leader of opposition in the Assembly, said. He said more legislators will come in support of Raje.At a meeting of the core committee, Raje had threatened to leave the BJP objecting to senior leader Gulabchand Kataria's proposed \"Lok Jagran Yatra\" in the state apparently to project himself as the party's chief ministerial face. Kataria later decided to call off his yatra.Supporters of Raje also demanded that the party declare her as the chief ministerial candidate for the Assembly polls due next year.In Delhi, BJP's chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad tried to play down the crisis, saying Raje is a senior leader of the party in the state and things will be resolved internally.\"She (Raje) has already announced that it is an internal matter of the party which is being resolved internally,\" he said.There was speculation that she may go to Delhi for talks with the party leadership. Prasad, however, said a categorical \"no\" to a question on whether Raje was summoned to Delhi.On the crisis in the state unit, he admitted, \"There can be a difference in perception\" among leaders which is being sorted out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13015790", "title": "Bard and brush for Writers\u2019 before Hillary date", "text": "KOLKATA: When US secretary of state Hillary Clinton meets Mamata Banerjee around 11am on Monday, she may wonder about the strong smell of paint and polish lingering in the Writers' Buildings air. The corridor leading to the CM's chamber is being painted, repainted, polished, scrubbed and scrubbed some more for the 'historic meeting'.The Secret Service is far from impressed with Writers' upkeep, especially its electrical wiring. The oldest brick in the building dates 230 years back, to the pre-Raj days. The chief minister's attempts at renovating the secretariat in the last 11 months have done little to improve its unkempt appearance. There is a last-minute scramble to make things a bit more presentable for the world's media as Mamata, who has been listed among Time magazine's 100 most influential people in the world, greets the second most powerful person in the US with a traditional uttorio (long scarf).As the clock ticked down to the hour-long talk, what stood out in the chaos at Writers' on Saturday was a brand new portrait of Rabindranath Tagore, replacing another that dated back to BC Roy's days. A framed picture of the bard as an actor in his own 'Valmiki Pratibha' had adorned the wall since nearly the year of Independence. Now, there is an elegant portrait of the Nobel laureate in robes, apparently on the suggestion of painter Shuvaprasanna. This isn't the only change at Writers'. The photographers' platform has been shifted from one end of the hall (in front of the CM's chamber) to the other. The US protection team, comprising Bureau of Diplomatic Security, the Secret Service and the Personal Protective Detail, saw the platform as a security hazard as Hillary would have to pass it as she climbed up the wooden staircase to the CM's chambers.Reporters have been barred from the secretariat on Monday. Only photographers will be allowed in. Hillary won't be using the inner VIP lift, as officials had thought.Secret Service personnel inspected the secretariat in the morning. A recce by police commissioner R K Pachnanda and a Kolkata Police team followed. At the behest of the Secret Service, more CCTV cameras have been installed in the VIP corridor for minute-by-minute surveillance. The Secret Service will man the CCTV and the metal detectors on Monday.Amid all the hustle and bustle at Writers' on Saturday, in walked painter Shuvaprasanna with a Tagore picture from his private collection. The picture of the bard was taken in Santiniketan's Udayan in 1932. It has been printed on canvas and framed. Said Shuvaprasanna: \"When I was leaving Mamata's chambers the other day, I told her that the old picture was looking too worn out and was beyond restoration. Mamata agreed that it had to be replaced, so I put up another one today because after Hillary's visit, Writers' Buildings will become an international centre. It needs the right ambience.\"The red building has already begun resembling a fortress. It has been barricaded all around and the central gate will remain closed after 9am on Monday.The Mamata-Hillary talks will take place in the conference room, which, too, is being renovated. The room's illumination has been doubled and electronic equipment, like projectors, removed. Some 500 personnel from Kolkata Police and 200 from Bengal Police will be on duty from 7am on Monday. All deputy commissioners, joint commissioners and additional commissioners of Kolkata Police will be present at various points along Hillary's route along with the Secret Service. Special commissioner Shivaji Ghosh will be in front of Writers' Buildings.Although Hillary is expected to be accompanied by a business entourage, Mamata may not ask any of her cabinet colleagues to be present at the meeting. Officials said the visit may lead to investment in information technology and biotechnology.Following Clinton11am, Sunday: Hillary Clinton arrives and heads for Taj Bengal.3.30pm: Visits Indian Council for Cultural Relations, Salt Lake5.10pm: Visits Victoria Memorial8.45am, Monday: Starts from Taj Bengal9am: Visits La Martiniere for Girls11am: Meets chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Writers' Buildings", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "13024733", "title": "Peace is important for development: Arunachal MP", "text": "KOHIMA: MP Takam Sanjay of Arunachal Pradesh said peace is a prerequisite for development and the people of northeast must resolve their issues amongst themselves instead of waiting for the Centre to intervene. \"We must not wait for the Centre to settle our scores and issues but resolve it ourselves,\" he said.Speaking at the Youth Fest 2012 organized by the Salesian Sisters of Don Bosco, India at Little Flower Higher Secondary School in Kohima , Sanjay urged the people to be professional in order to progress in all aspects. The national-level fest was held on Saturday with a theme of 'National Integration - Cultural Exchange'.He urged the northeast to take measures to develop its tea gardens and hydropower and tourism sector as these sectors had great potential. The MP said, \"Without peace, no state can progress. We need to usher in peace in the region and particularly in Nagaland. We must perform and contribute to the country's greatness.\"KV Pusa, MLA and NPCC president in his message called upon the youth to keep up the spirit of integration as they are the future of the nation. \"The youth fest, which focuses on national integration and cultural exchange, is of foremost importance. The youth of today is the future of India and a strong youth spells a strong future,\" he said.National youth coordinator, Sister Lolia said India has approximately 222 million youths between the age group of 15-22, constituting about 20% of the Indian population. \"This exceptionally talented yet unexplored young people are potentially the political, economic and social decision making elites of tomorrow. They will mould the history of our country while being the subjects of history themselves,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13015011", "title": "Salad and shavasan on Mohammed Ali Road", "text": "Could an organic vegetable garden in the thick of a meat-biased city district possibly persuade it to alter its dietary predilections? That's about as likely to happen as the buffalo stables in Jogeshwari inveigling their neighbours to sign up for a lactose-loaded regimen. But, for what it's worth, this particular heart of green hasn't set out to proselytise by the plate. What it has ventured to do is build a locus around which a community can cohere-build bonds, smell the flowers, pluck the fruit and, hopefully, eventually eat it.Although the appositely named Flyover Farm is neither on nor under the JJ flyover, it is situated on the terrace of a building on Mohammed Ali Rd that flanks it. Adrienne Thadani, the 24-year-old leading the squad in this unlikely neck of the woods, says she hoped for the garden to be more than just a conglomeration of pots and plants. \"I explained to Naheed (the landlady of Mohamedi Manzil who commissioned the project) that my vision for the place was for it to eventually become a community centre,\" says the greenpreneur, who, via the agency of her two-year-old start-up Fresh And Local, has conceptualised and assembled close to 30 urban gardens in Mumbai-ranging from larger ones on terraces to bitty ones on balconies.Although urban organic gardens routinely pop up in the city, they have yet to colonise popular imagination in the way they did Cuba (which, in truth, had little choice, given its embargoes on import). Now even though Mohammed Ali Road is not wanting in its supply of greens (with the Mahatma Phule Market next door), it does not have a proximate source of organic produce-not something the community is losing sleep over anyway. How then does one impute appeal to a gratuitous contraption like an organic garden? By making it the centre of a social universe.This is where the potential of the Flyover Farm really lies-as a social sticky-tape. Naheed Carrimjee and the two front-runners of Fresh and Local (Thadani and Liam Rees) have drawn up ambitious plans for the 5,000-sq-footer. These list a grocery shop and nursery, a dining room and workshop area, a clearing for activities and classes, a vegetable patch, herb garden, shed, an orchard and an office.Although the farm is in its first phase of development, with only a couple of fruit and vegetable trees and some herb and vegetable patches to show for it, ancillary activities are already under way, with yoga and exercise classes on Sunday mornings. \"It's such a progressive idea,\" says Roshan Ranijiwala, one of its residents. \"It's wonderful to see men and women, young and old, even from neighbouring buildings coming together like this,\" she says. When they assemble on the terrace, they notice the rooftop farm and ask to take back cuttings of basil or lemon grass to start their own window-grill gardens.Since Carrimjee owns the building, she owns the garden too but wants her 50 tenants to gain from it. \"We plan to sell the produce to residents at local market rates (not organic food rates),\" says Thadani. Since the farm will use organic compost, Carrimjee says they may invite residents to barter their kitchen waste for a weekly supply of garden produce. In computing the square foot yield of the terrace, Fresh and Local estimates they'll have enough to supply each household with one salad or quantity of veggies to prepare a dish every day of the year (barring the monsoon months). \"We'll also counsel them on how to cook organic food to maintain its nutrition,\" says Thadani, \"there're no point in cooking a wonderful organic okra if you're going to deep-fry it.\"What tenants won't buy, they plan to sell to neighbourhood vendors or any interested customers farther out. Should they reap profits, they plan to maintain a full-time gardener. Thadani says ventures like this, if turned profitable, could even employ migrants whose agrarian skills could be put to use in the city.If the Flyover Farm deserves attention and luck, it's because its 'farmers' regard it as a pilot study. This is why they've raised funds for it on Kickstarter, a time-bound, crowd-sourcing site for deserving start-ups. In a little over three weeks, they've raised $6077, exceeding their goal of $5,000, with hours to spare. If the experiment turns into an economically viable venture, it will have borne fruit in more ways than one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13024178", "title": "Pakistan players upset with PCB", "text": "LAHORE: Several senior Pakistan players, including captain Misbah-ul-Haq and former captain Shahid Afridi, are unhappy with the PCB as they have not got permission to play a Twenty20 match in Toronto match on May 12.The players are upset because they had sought permission from Intikhab, who is PCB Director (international cricket operations) and had got verbal assurance.\"Now it has transpired that since none of the players has applied for NOCs in writing from the Board and neither have they submitted details of the organisers and match the PCB says it cannot give permission,\" the source added.Another source said the players were now blaming Intikhab for the mess up but a Board official said the players were themselves to blame for the situation.\"Even if Intikhab gave them permission verbally the Board can't act without having something in writing. None of the players have bothered to seek permission or NOC in writing from the relevant authorities in the board so how do they expect to get permission,\" the official said.He also said that under existing regulation no player could confirm his appearance in a match or enter into a deal with any foreign club without first taking the Board into confidence and getting their NOC.\"All players who now go to play in foreign leagues have to follow this practice. It was adopted for the Bangladesh Premier League and even when players signed contracts with English counties.\"The players contention is that since Misbah and Afridi were in Thailand for a commercial shoot they didn't have time to write to the Board and secondly they accepted that getting verbal clearance from Intikhab was enough and he would talk to the board himself.The organisers are creating a fuss now as according to them they have sold out tickets for the match on the basis of the Pakistani players confirming their appearance in the match.\"The organisers point out that tickets were sold out because they advertised that Misbah, Afridi, Mohammad Hafeez, Saeed Ajmal, Umar Akmal, Hammad Azam were the players who would take part in the match,\" one source said.\"They even arranged electronic visas for the players for Canada after confirmation from the players and they fear if the players don't show up for the match they could face heavy financial losses.\"The Board official said if the players applied for permission in writing even now it could all be processed within a few days.\"But we have to see what the team management thinks about sending the players when the national camp for the Sri Lanka tour is due to start from May 12,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13014671", "title": "Court orders seizure of PWD property", "text": "WARDHA: Civil judge of senior division of Wardha ordered the seizure of property of executive engineer of public works department in a land acquisition case on Friday. Armed with the court order petitioner Madanlal Joshi along with a court staff reached the PWD office to seize the articles but junior engineer C Giri promised that he will make the payment before May 25.In 1989 the department had acquired three acres land of Joshi for the construction of the ring road. The department had promised to pay Rs 2.29 lakh to Joshi. But it never paid the money. Hence on December 14, 1998, Joshi filed a case in the court demanding an increase in compensation amount. On April 3, 2011, the court ordered the PWD to pay Rs 3.50 lakh per acre plus the interest amount. But again the department did not take it seriously and refused to pay Joshi any money.Joshi again moved the court and on Friday CJSD SM Yelatti ordered to seize the property of PWD. Court employee Raju Chhatre reached the office of executive committee of PWD but he was absent. The junior engineer Chandrashekhar Giri however promised to Joshi, that the department will pay the amount before May 25, hence no action was taken.Leopard cub found deadWardha: A 10-month-old leopard cub was found dead in Kharangana area on Saturday morning. Confirming the news, DFO P Chavan said, \"The leopard was found dead in Kharangana at around 9.30am on Saturday. The post-mortem report revealed that the leopard died due to severe beating on the head. It seems the cub was beaten to death with sticks. We are investigating further.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13020150", "title": "129 army personnel found guilty in human rights violation cases", "text": "SRINAGAR: As many as 129 army personnel, including three dozen officers, were found guilty of human rights violations mostly in Jammu and Kashmir and Northeast in the last two decades, defence sources have said.Following the establishment of human rights cell in 1993, the army has received more than 1,500 allegations of rights violations against its men but most of these have been found false and baseless, they said.\"Of the 1,532 allegations of rights violations, investigations revealed that 1,508 were false. Out of the 995 complaints in Jammu and Kashmir, 961 were false while only 29 out of the 485 complaints from Northeast were found correct,\" the sources said.The sources said 59 personnel, including some officers, were punished in Jammu and Kashmir in the nine cases of rights violations.\"Similarly, 70 personnel were punished in Northeast after their guilt was established,\" the sources said.Army has awarded compensation in 34 cases in which the complaints were found to be genuine. While compensation was paid in 15 cases in Jammu and Kashmir, 19 victims of rights violations were compensated in Northeast, they said.The sources said if the army decides to exercise the option of court martial against its accused personnel in the Pathribal encounter case, due course of law will be followed if they are found guilty.\"Anyone found guilty of rights abuses has been punished and it should be no different in this (Pathribal) case,\" they said.Last week, the Supreme Court had directed the army to decide within eight weeks whether it would exercise the option of court martial or allow its personnel, accused of staging a fake encounter at Pathribal, to be tried by a civilian court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016282", "title": "Weather to stay 'cool' for now", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 'pleasant summer conditions' continued in the state capital on Saturday with maximum temperature keeping five degrees below normal following overnight thunderstorm and light rain. While maximum temperature was 35.4 degrees Celsius, the minimum temperature was 23.3 degrees Celsius. Temperatures were under normal levels and easterly winds were soothing. The weatherman predicted no significant change in the weather conditions on Sunday. The maximum temperature is expected to be around 37 degrees Celsius. Though sky would mainly remain clear, there is possibility of dust and thunderstorm.State Met director JP Gupta said that dust and thunder storms lashed many parts of the central UP. \"The change in weather was caused due to a cyclonic circulation over Rajasthan. The temperatures in west and east UP also came down on Saturday. The sky will be by and large clear on Sunday. However, there is possibility of thunder squall or thunder storms at some places in the state in next 48 hours,\" he said. He also predicted change dust/thunder storm at few places in west UP on Monday (May 7) under the influence of a western disturbance which is likely to hit Himalayas on Sunday. \"The change in weather conditions due to the western disturbance may also make some impact in central and east UP including Lucknow on May 8-9. Barring few days in April when maximum temperature touched 40 degrees Celsius, the summer in the city has not been harsh this year so far. The 'pleasant summer conditions' are likely to continue for next few days.Similar weather has been reported from other parts of the state as well. The east UP and Bundelkhand saw temperatures above 40 degrees last week but by and large mercury levels have been normal or below normal so far at most parts of the state.On Saturday, Gorakhpur recorded 37.8 degrees Celsius maximum temperature, which was two degrees below normal. Similarly, Varanasi recorded maximum temperature of 36.5 degrees Celsius, three degrees below normal. In Allahabad, maximum temperature was 37.5 degrees Celsius, which four degrees below normal.Kanpur recorded 35.8 degrees Celsius, which was five degrees below normal. While Rae Bareli recorded maximum temperature 37 degrees Celsius, in Sultanpur it was 34.6 degrees Celsius and Bareilly 35 degrees Celsius.Etawah was hottest with 41.4 degrees Celsius followed by Jhansi, Agra, Banda and Hamirpur recording maximum temperature between 39-40 degrees Celsius.Meanwhile, BJP claimed that the damage caused due to the last month's dust and thunderstorm in Orai and Hamirpur districts was \"five times\" higher than the government estimates and demanded adequate compensation for the affected farmers. Former state president Surya Pratap Shahi told reporters that a team led by him went to take stock of damage caused by the thunderstorm in two districts of Bundelkhand region in April, and found that devastation caused was much higher than the government estimates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13009369", "title": "I owe everything to Buddhism: Paoli Dam", "text": "Not many know that Paoli Dam , the new success story in Bollywood, practices Nichiren Buddhism and is an extremely spiritual person. Paoli is a part of the Soka Gakkai International (SGI) which is a lay Buddhist organization that promotes peace, education and culture throughout the world.Says Paoli, \"Buddhism has been a huge support in my life and whatever I have done till date has only been possible because of my mentor Dr. Daisaku Ikeda and by chanting Nam Myoho Renege Kyo. It brings out my true spirit from within. I have been following this Buddhism for seven years now. Within the initial years of my practice, my life changed completely and new opportunities in my career suddenly opened up. Through Buddhism, I am able to maintain peace and balance in my life. It just feels so good.\"Paoli has been so affected by this wonderful philosophy that she's even introduced her brother to Buddhism!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014436", "title": "Chopper surveillance to trace Naxal movements", "text": "NAGPUR: Verifying the movements of Naxals in remote places in the forested tribal district of Gadchiroli is one of the toughest challenges for the security forces.The Gadchiroli police are trying to find a solution by pressing its helicopters into action. The initiative came to the fore in the backdrop of escalated Naxal activities in the district.Last week, the district police sent helicopters on such missions and more such attempts may follow, said a senior ranking officer. \"We would often get information about Naxal movement from far off places but could not reach there within a short span to verify the presence of guerrillas. Sending a helicopter prior to our force may help in planning better strategies,\" said officials.Security forces in Chhattisgarh have already started using different types of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV). One such UAV was sent to collect information about Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon, who was abducted and released recently.The UAV returned with images of a group of guerrillas near the Chhattisgarh-Odisha border where the collector was probably kept captive. Earlier, security forces used an UAV to collect information about Naxal hideouts in Bijapur and Narayanpur districts of Chhatisgarh.TOI has learnt that the central government is contemplating procuring different varieties of UAVs for security forces deployed in Naxal-affected districts.Sources in the district police department said that helicopters would be sent to track movements of a Naxal dalam or guirellas passing through forested terrains.The helicopter, along with a camera-crew, would fly over the terrains of the entire region to capture images of the place.Sources also maintained that camera recordings can be referred for getting a closer look at the formations of guerrillas. Apart from the strengths, weapons being carried by guerrillas and other details of the group can be recorded for reference.It was also learnt that movements of guerrillas can be monitored and followed until security forces can start chasing them. Despite inputs that rebels are equipped to strike at helicopters, the police department is trying the innovative method to ensure that information received could be transformed to action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ho chi minh (vietnam)", "code": "13023149", "title": "Negi makes a good start in Asian chess opener", "text": "HO CHI MINH (Vietnam): Grandmaster and former national champion Parimarjan Negi got off to a flier defeating Wan Yunguo of China in the first round of the Asian individual chess championship on Sunday.Negi was at his technical best from the white side of a King pawn game wherein Yunguo went for the French defense and faced the Advance variation by the Indian.Negi exchanged pieces at will in the middle game and knocked down a couple of pawns before forcing matters in the ensuing rook and pawns endgame.Grandmaster B Adhiban and International Masters Vidit Gujarathi and M R Venkatesh also coasted to victories over lesser-ranked players but National Champion Abhijeet Gupta had to concede a half point against compatriot Deepan Chakkravarthy in mere 30 moves.International Master N Srinath was the other Indian who had a good result when he held his Chennai-citymate S P Sethuraman to a draw, while G N Gopal was the lone Indian to go down when he was outwitted by Gao Rui of China.Top seeded and local hero Le Quang Liem was shocked by Chinese Xiu Deshun, while third seed Ni Hua of China went down to Liu Qingnan, also of China in big upsets of the opener.In the women's championship, highest rated Indian Tania Sachdev was in for a rude shock at the hands of Nguyen Thi Mai Hung of Vietnam.B Pratyusha achieved a draw with higher ranked compatriot Padmini Rout to put herself on course for a woman Grandmaster norm, while Eesha Karavade and Nisha Mohota started their campaign in fine style defeating Vo Thi Kim Phung of Vietnam and Enkhtuul Altanulzii of Mongolia respectively.The Asian continental championship is qualification event for the next world championship cycle with top five finishers assured a berth in the next world chess cup to be held in 2013. Amongst the Women, the champion will directly qualify for the next world women's cup.Important and Indian results round 1 open (Indians unless stated): Le Quang Liem (vie) lost to Xiu Deshun (Chn); Ni Hua (Chn) lost to Liu Qingnan (Chn); Deepan Chakkravarthy drew with Abhijeet Gupta; Parimarjan Negi beat Wan Yunguo (Chn); Gao Rui (Chn) beat G N Gopal; B Adhiban beat Wahono Awam (Ina); Narayanan Srinath drew with S P Sethuraman; Vidit Gujrathi beat Le Quang Long (Vie); M R Venkatesh beat Rudin Hamdani (Ina).Women: Zhao Xue (Chn) beat Zhai Mo (Chn); Le Kieu Thien Kim (Vie) lost to Munguntuul Batkhuyag (Mgl); Tan Zhongyi (Chn) beat Hoang Thi Nhu Y (Vie); Nguyen Thi Mai Hung (Vie) beat Tania Sachdev; Pham Le Thao Nguyen (Vie) beat Yanjindulam Dulamsuren (Mgl); Kiran Manisha Mohanty drew with Mary Ann Gomes; Eesha Karavade beat Vo Thi Kim Phung (Vie); Padmini Rout drew with B Pratyusha; Nisha Mohota beat Enkhtuul Altanulzii (Mgl); Virda Rizka Aulia (Ina) beat Swathi Ghate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13017154", "title": "HUDA to plant saplings on major roads and green belts in city", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) will be launching a massive plantation drive focusing on major roads and green belts in different sectors.The horticulture department has decided to plant 20,000 saplings, mostly along the main roads and in the residential areas. The department has earmarked 2,000 saplings for the Basai water plant, where a recent inspection found the greenery to be insufficient. Two thousand more saplings will be planted in the green belt of Sector 23A. The other sectors targeted by the plantation drive are 45, 46, 51, 30, 38, 23,22, 17C and 52.HUDA has engaged a private contractor to assist in the plantation and maintenance of the saplings, which will be kept in a special enclosure. The contractor will also arrange for a machine that will dig up the ground fast and also plant the saplings.\"The first three months are crucial for the saplings and if we manage to maintain them during that period, then the plant will survive and add to the greenery,\" said a senior HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016402", "title": "Found! hidden road to China", "text": "There has always been this old lore about a hidden road to China through the north-east . One of the earliest Muslim conquerors who wanted to find out more about it was Muhammad Bakhtiyar Khilji, the general of Qutubuddin Aibek, the first Sultan of Delhi. In 1206, he entered Assam seeking passage to Tibet; but the expedition ended in disaster as the local king, Prithu, defeated him and destroyed his army. Several centuries later, Aurangzeb sent an expedition to Assam under his premier noble, Mir Jumla. Although the primary brief to him was to subjugate the \"unruly Assamese\", Aurangzeb wanted his armies to conquer territories of the Qing empire in China.The Mughals may have had information about a shorter and less difficult route to China. But it were the British who first mapped this road in the 19th century. Now, almost 150 years later, a filmmaker claims to have found the road that could give India the fastest land access to China.'Road To China', a 26-minute documentary by Mrinal Talukdar, highlights the road that starts from Tinsukia in upper Assam and traverses a distance of some 300 km through hilly terrain before reaching Kaho, the last village near the Line of Actual Control . Talukdar believes this road needs to be opened up to facilitate bilateral trade between India and China, which stands at $74 billion. With India planning to expand it to $100 bn by 2015, this road could become a vital link between both countries.\"I had first undertaken a journey to trace the Tsangpo river from the point it entered India till it became the mighty Brahmaputra. It was then that I learnt about this road,\" Talukdar says. He believes it's a better alternative to the 1,740 km Stilwell Road which connects Ledo in Assam to Kunming in Yunnan province of China. India had thought of opening it up in 2004 but abandoned it due to the physical difficulties.\"It would have required us to clear 400 km of forests and collaborate with the military junta in Myanmar , as over 1,000 km of the road passes through that country . But this road is only 300 km and takes you right up to China's doorstep. It doesn't need any major infrastructure development as it leads to the border beyond which China has all-weather four-lane highways connected to the interiors of the country.\"According to Cambridge University scholar Berenice Guyot-Rechard , when the British explored Lohit Valley, they found that although isolated from the rest of India, it served as a corridor between Assam and China. Traders, pilgrims, smugglers and even prostitutes used it. The two biggest cities on this route were Sadiya (Assam) and Rima (China). Today, Tinsukia has replaced Sadiya, while Rima has disappeared from the map.In the film, Talukdar undertakes the fascinating journey himself. He takes the Rajdhani Express from Guwahati to Tinsukia and then takes a 30-minute ride to reach Dirak Gate on the Assam-Arunachal border. Permits are needed for any onward journey. The NH52 then takes him to Namsai, Chowkham, Parashuram Kund, Hailyung , Walong and Kibithu, the brigade HQ of the Indian Army. Civilian movement beyond Kibithu is restricted as the Chinese border is close by. The town is strongly defended. But during the 1962 war, Red Army soldiers conquered the loosely defended town of Walong. After the war, the road was closed.When C S Jenow, the deputy commissioner of Anjaw district, Arunachal Pradesh, was asked if the road could be opened up someday for trade, he said, \"Trade is all right but the government needs to factor in potentially dangerous aspects. The British empire's opium trade had its ripples in the region. Tirap and Lohit districts in Arunachal became part of it. That threat is still there as the area is close to the Golden Triangle. Once you throw open the border, it might become difficult to control it.\" Talukdar's dream could take a while to come true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13013042", "title": "Hacking Android devices: What to worry about", "text": "It's not just malicious apps you need to be wary of infecting your smartphone. Now, navigating to poisoned websites are a threat, too.Security researchers have discovered a new malware targeting Android devices that doesn't take the usual route of embedding itself in an app. The malware, dubbed \"NotCompatible,\" is instead tucked into websites that try to push the malware onto visitors' devices, representing a dangerous new technique by hackers to try and access personal data, according to research from Lookout Security and separate findings from Symantec Corp.Fortunately, the malware isn't very stealthy. To get infected , you would need to approve the download of the application, which masquerades as a security update. And the handful of known sites distributing it have low traffic, according to Lookout.\"This threat does not currently appear to cause any direct harm to a target device, but could potentially be used to gain illicit access to private networks by turning an infected Android device into a proxy,\" Lookout researchers wrote on the company's blog.Mobile malware threats are not as widespread as those targeting PCs. Criminal hackers are experimenting with different business models for mobile devices, such as tricking users into subscribing to pay-text-message services that the criminals control.The lesson from the NotCompatible findings is similar to warnings PC users have gotten for years: The worst kind of update you can download to your machine is one that you didn't ask for and don't know where it comes from.--By Jodran Robertson", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13022880", "title": "Two arrested in loot case", "text": "PATNA: A Kankarbagh police team on Sunday carried out raid at Khajekalan and arrested two criminals involved in loot of a motorcycle and cellphone on March 17 from Bypass locality.Sadar SDPO Rashid Zamam said that acting on a tip-off, a police team conducted a raid in Khajekalan locality and arrested Santosh Pandey and Umesh Pandey in connection with the loot case. The looted cellphone was recovered from their possession. Both of them have criminal background. Raids were on to arrest other members of the gang, the SDPO added.Police sources said that Santosh Pandey had been sent to jail thrice in the past in connection with loot cases lodged with different police stations in the state capital, while Umesh Pandey was earlier sent to jail under Arms Act by the Government Railway Police (GRP), Patna once.Impersonator held: The City Chowk police on Sunday arrested one Ranjit Kumar from Marwari High School for impersonating an examinee at the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) entrance examination.City Chowk police station SHO Pushkar Kumar said Ranjit is a native of Chhapra in Saran district. He was appearing on behalf of his brother Ajit Kumar. The school authorities got suspicious after seeing the admit card and informed the local police, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13026404", "title": "Gabbar Singh villain attacked", "text": "Abhimanyu Singh, who'll is playing the villain in Gabbar Singh, found himself in a rather unsavory situation recently when he was out on a vacation with his family. He was on his way to Matheran in his car, when suddenly some goons suddenly rounded off his car and threatened him with a knife and robbed him. Thankfully, some onlookers came to their rescue. To make matters worse, when he went to the police to lodge a complaint, the officers it seems did not take it too seriously much to his dismay.source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13016503", "title": "Cops step up search for woman", "text": "PUNE: The Chatushrungi police are on the lookout for the woman who was last seen with the youth who had shot dead a security supervisor at the University of Pune on Thursday night.Babasaheb Nikalje, who was with the deceased guard, Prahlad Jogdandkar, at the time of the incident, has given police the name by which the suspect called the woman a few minutes before the incident. Nikalje told the police that the woman was around 25 years old.Inspector Mohan Vidhate of crime branch unit IV said that three police teams have been sent to check info on criminals involved in firearms cases. Two people were taken into custody, but Nikalje said none of them was the culprit. Police have inquired with the UoP employees residing in the servant quarters, adjacent slums and nearby places, but the woman could not be traced.Kadam said, \"The assailant fired two rounds from his revolver. One bullet punched through the guard's chest while the other bullet was misfired. We have recovered cartridges from the crime scene.\"Additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said that the police teams have conducted a check on criminals in Chatushrungi and Khadki, but the identity of the suspect could not be established. He, however, was confident that the murderer will be arrested.The spot where Jogdandkar was shot is barely 200 metres from the Chatushrungi police station. However, the police got to know about the incident about 30 minutes later.Around 7.45 pm on Thursday, Jogdandkar and Nikalje allegedly caught the youth with a woman in an isolated area behind the servants' quarters. Nikalje told the police that Jogdandkar had demanded Rs 5,000 from the couple to let them go. However, he settled for Rs 500. The youth returned later and demanded Rs 100 from Jogdandkar to refuel his vehicle. When Jogdandkar refused to give him money, the youth pulled out a revolver and shot him dead.Senior police inspector Ajay Kadam of the Chatushrungi police station said, \"The police and UoP security guards are conducting joint patrolling with since Friday night. We have also made announcements on public address system that no couple should wait on the varsity premises late in the evening.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13018146", "title": "ICC feels for PCB, but cannot interfere in bilateral ties", "text": "LAHORE: While expressing its sympathies with the Pakistan Cricket Board over the postponement of the Bangladesh's tour to Pakistan, the ICC has made it clear that it cannot interfere in any bilateral arrangement between two member nations.The PCB chairman and chief operating officer discussed the issue with ICC chief executive Haroon Lorgat and other officials during a meeting earlier this week in Dubai.\"The PCB officials apprised Lorgat and ICC officials of the situation and pointed out that it was perhaps for the first time in cricket history that a team had postponed a tour to another country because of a court order,\" a well informed board official said.\"Lorgat was briefed that the PCB's legal team had gone through the order of the Dhaka High Court restraining the Bangladesh team from touring Pakistan due to security concerns and noted that the petition on the basis of which the court gave the injunction didn't have enough merit,\" he said.He said Lorgat and other ICC officials had expressed sympathy with PCB's position but made it clear they cannot interfere as it was a bilateral matter.\"But the ICC's outgoing CEO agreed that it was imperative that Pakistan needed to resume intentional cricket at home.\"The official said PCB had also apprised the ICC about their plans for the Pakistan Premier League T20 competition.\"The ICC officials agreed that the PPL, if held successfully with the participation of some foreign players, could go a long way in reviving international cricket in Pakistan,\" the official said.A source within the board said that the PCB was looking towards the ICC to provide some assistance in convincing some foreign players to take part in the proposed league.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "13021353", "title": "Sri Lanka appoints presidential committee for LLRC implementation", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lankan cabinet has recommended the appointment of a presidential committee to decide which recommendations of a government panel that looked into the ethnic Tamil conflict are appropriate for implementation, a media report said today.The Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission (LLRC) appointed in 2010 was mandated to look back at the separatist conflict with the Tamil minority and recommend ways to prevent repetition of the bloody clashes which spanned over three decades.Lalith Weeratunga, the island's top civil servant in his capacity as the presidential secretary will head the committee, while other members are yet to be named, the Sunday Times reported.The appointment of the Weeratunga committee assumes significance in the wake of a meeting between external affairs minister GL Peiris and US Secretary of State Hilary Clinton on May 18.The meeting with Clinton will be a sequel to the US sponsored resolution against Sri Lanka adopted at United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) sessions late March with India's backing.The resolution urged Sri Lanka to expeditiously implement the LLRC recommendations on accountability over rights issues and steps to achieve reconciliation with the Tamil minority.The US, the paper reported, has called for the formulation of an action plan detailing the steps that the government has taken and will take to implement the LLRC recommendations.The Weeratunga committee appointment had come as the government's response.The government last month asked its constituent parties to come up with their own recommendations with regard to the LLRC.The Sunday Times report said the Weeratunga committee would analyse such recommendations by parties before drawing up the action plan.Though the LLRC cleared the military it recommends that investigations be carried out if there was evidence of isolated cases of excesses.The commission called for a political settlement of the ethnic conflict with the Tamil minority and asked the government to take the initiative for \"a serious and structured\" dialogue with all political parties, particularly those representing the minorities.It has asked the government to reach out to minorities and said that Tamils should in turn reposition themselves in their role vis a vis the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13014680", "title": "Team Kolkata choke Team Pune at Eden", "text": "KOLKATA: It was paradise lost for Sourav Ganguly on his return to the Eden Gardens on Saturday as his Team Pune were outclassed by Team Kolkata in all departments of the game. The seven-run loss - Pune's fifth in a row - all but put paid to their chances of making it to the IPL 5 playoffs.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsTheoretically, they are still in with a chance, especially if they win all their remaining four games and a few other results go their way, but that is a tall ask from a team that has found chasing or setting targets equally difficult.After failing to chase 120 against Mumbai on Thursday, only die-hard Sourav supporters expected Pune to overhaul Kolkata's score of 150-5 on a flat Eden track. Pune once again fluffed their opening lines and lost four of their top-order batsmen - Michael Clarke (1), Robin Uthappa (16), Manish Pandey (17) and Steve Smith (14) - in the second, fourth, eighth and ninth overs.Smith was unlucky to be ruled out lbw as he had got an inside edge on to his pad. With his team tottering on 55 for five, Pune looked to their skipper for salvation.Sourav, who came in at No. 7, gave it his best shot. As many as 96 runs were needed off 70 balls when he joined Angelo Mathews, playing in place of Jesse Ryder, at the crease. Together they knocked off 73 of those in just 56 balls in a rollicking sixth-wicket stand that had Kolkata skipper Gautam Gambhir worried.Sourav's 35-ball 36 was laced with four boundaries and a straight six off Rajat Bhatia. He was ably supported by the big-hitting Mathews, who smacked the uninspiring Yusuf Pathan for three successive sixes in the 15th over. The dual attack reduced the equation to 23 runs from 15 balls when Sourav lost his head and holed out in the deep off Bhatia.Mathews could not finish the job, as Sunil Narine returned to tighten the screws, along with Marchant de Lange (3/34), on Pune and squeeze out Kolkata's seventh victory.The Kolkata innings earlier was a mixture of good, bad and the ugly. Gambhir and McCullum blew hot in the first 10 overs to plunder 98 runs but Kolkata went cold thereafter and managed just 52 runs in the last 10 for the loss of five wickets. The slowdown after Gambhir's dismissal baffled the Pune skipper more than the home team fans, who could not fathom why their expensive stars were suddenly gripped by stage fright.Their concern was understandable because there was no improvement in Pune's attack, nor did the pitch deteriorate for Kolkata batsmen to go into crawl mode to gather runs after having galloped like Sebastian Coe in the earlier part of the innings.Mathews was the one who managed to put a lid on Kolkata's runaway run-rate, after Sourav turned to the Sri Lankan allrounder out of desperation in the 10th over. He went for nine in his first over, but conceded just 10 in his next three in the course of which he also picked up the key wickets of Jacques Kallis (1) and McCullum (42, 43b, 4x5, 6x1). With Murali Kartik also returning to bowl two economic overs, Kolkata had nothing to showcase but for their skipper Gambhir's sparkling 56 off 36 balls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13015998", "title": "Crores for rural roads, pat for jobs", "text": "KOLKATA: With panchayat election only a year away, the state government on Saturday got a shot in the arm after Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh announced a slew of projects for rural areas. With state rural development and panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee in tow, Ramesh announced construction of 4,000 kilometre of roads in three districts of thetate. Besides, the Union minister also promised to turn 5,733 kilometer of non-metalled roads into blacktop surfaces.The city has also got its share from Ramesh in the form of an international institute of water resources.While announcing the projects at the New Secretariat Building in the city, Ramesh praised Mukherjee, saying he was overall happy with the progress of work in rural areas and that Mukherjee's \"bold and aggressive\" approach helped the state to jump to a steep growth trajectory.The Union rural development minister had earlier sent a letter to the state and expressed his displeasure over the slow progress of 100-day work. In the past, the state could manage only 17 days of work. The number of days has now been doubled to 34 days, according to Mukherjee.On Saturday, Ramesh said accessibility in three Maoist-infested districts - West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia - that have a population of 250 per sq km will be improved by building 4,000 km of new roads. The minister allotted Rs 2,000 crore for the project. Another Rs 2,000 crore has been earmarked for blacktopping of existing 5,733 km of non-metalled roads. The state government has been asked to submit detailed project reports (DPRs) for the two projects. Mukherjee said the DPR for the new road project will be prepared by June and for the renovation of existing roads, it will be submitted by October. The state wants to complete work on these projects in the next three years.For the water resources institute in the city, Ramesh allotted Rs 50 crore. It will be set up in collaboration with the governments of Germany and Finland. The centre will conduct advanced research work on how to decontaminate water, including arsenic-contaminated water and how to supply purified water.According to sources, the Mamata Banerjee-government is trying to prepone panchayat polls by six months and hold it by the end of this year. Senior officials of the rural development and panchayat department have been asked to undertake and complete projects well on time keeping this plan in mind. Several projects are already going on and officials have been asked to complete them before monsoon sets in. The chief minister is slated to launch the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM), a central government scheme for the state, on the 17th of this month.However, on Saturday, the ministers discussed the problems of the tea gardens of North Bengal. Mukherjee also appealed to Ramesh for inclusion of Cooch Behar and Darjeeling in the backward districts lists. At present, 11 districts in the state are listed as backward districts.The state government received a major boost ahead of next year's panchayat elections. Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh met state rural development and panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee on Saturday and announced a slew of projects, including construction of 4,000 kilometer of new roads in the three Maoist affected districts of West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia for better road connectivity. An international institute of water resources will also be set up in the city with technical assistance from the governments of Germany and Finland.Ramesh praised Mukherjee and was overall happy on the progress of work in rural areas, saying that Mukherjee has shown a bold and aggressive approach. Ramesh said that 4,000 kilometer of rural road network will be built in the three districts that have a population of 250 per square kilometer. Besides, the existing 5,733 kilometer of non-metalled roads in the rural areas will turn into blacktop roads. The centre will fund Rs 2,000 crore each for the two projects. The state government has been asked to submit detailed project reports (DPRs) for the two projects. Mukherjee said the DPR for the new road project will be prepared by June and the DPR for the renovation of existing roads will be submitted by October. The state wants to complete work on these projects in the next three years.According to sources, the Mamata Banerjee government is trying to hold the panchayat elections by this year end, which is almost six month ahead of schedule. Senior officials of the rural development and panchayat department have been asked to undertake and complete projects well on time keeping this plan in mind. Several projects are already going on and officials have been asked to complete them before the monsoon sets in.Mukherjee also appealed to Ramesh for inclusion of Coochbehar and Darjeeling in the backward districts lists. Presently, 11 districts in the state are listed as backward districts.Ramesh had earlier sent a letter to the state, which said that he was not satisfied with the progress of 100 days work. Earlier, the state could only manage 17 days of work. The days have now been doubled to 34 days, Mukherjee informed. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is slated to launch the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM), a central government scheme for the state on the 17th of this month. Both the ministers also discussed on the problems of the tea gardens of North Bengal.Besides, the city will have an International institute of water resources that will be set up with the help of the government's of Germany and Finland. Experts from these two countries will come to. The centre has already sanctioned Rs 50 crore for this purpose. The centre will conduct advanced research work on how to decontaminate water, including arsenic contaminated water and how to supply purified water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016144", "title": "Samajwadi Party woos Brahmin voters, picks Ashok Bajpayee for Rajya Sabha", "text": "LUCKNOW: With eyes set on 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the Samajwadi Party is out to woo the Hindu vote bank. After organising a Brahmin Samaj Sammelan at the party headquarters here on Parshuram Jayanti, SP has decided to field Ashok Bajpayee for the Rajya Sabha seat that has fallen vacant following the demise of party MP Brij Bhushan Tiwari on April 24.In fact, SP government's vehement opposition to reservation for schedule castes and tribes in promotions in public sector is being seen as a move to please the upper caste voters. \"If that was not the case then why did the state government take up the issue during the cabinet meeting and forwarded the decision to the personal department and that too very quietly,\" said a political analyst. \"What was the hurry to implement the decision and that too so quietly when the issue is already being debated in the Lok Sabha,\" he said.After getting the support of Muslims and backwards (Yadavs), who overwhelmingly voted for the part in the UP election, Mulayam now seems determined not only to bring the upper caste Brahmins to its side but also include them in the mainstream of the party.Though on the face, the party is only replacing a Brahmin in the vacancy created by Brij Bhushan Tiwari's death. The fact that Bajpayee is all set to reach Rajya Sabha despite facing a big defeat in the last election, shows that the party has bigger objective in sight. Bajpayee not only stood a poor fourth in the elections but has been pushed to the back seat after differences with some senior leaders.Handpicked by Mulayam for RS nomination, Bajpayee's selection confirms that the party leadership is seriously working to broaden its base beyond the Mulsim-Yadav combine. As Mulayam's personal choice, it is certain that Bajpayee will soon regain his lost glory and stature in the party.Political analysts say SP win in elections was not only because of the en bloc voting by Muslims and backwards but also due to a small fraction of the upper castes voting for the party. \"It is this fraction of the upper castes that Mulayam wants to address, pointedly to lure more of them towards SP. The party won the assembly elections mainly because it also got support from a section of other castes and classes apart from en bloc voting of Muslims and Yadavs.Mulayam has realised that in order to repeat the success of assembly elections in 2014 Lok Sabha poll, he will have to keep the non-traditional SP voters in good humour as well,\" said an analyst.The nomination of Ashok Bajpayee has also diffused possibilities of Mulayam accommodating the demand of Jama Masjid's Imam Maulana Ahmed Bukhari to send one more Muslim leader to the Rajya Sabha to ensure appropriate representation of the Muslims in the party.When Bukhari raked up the issue about a month ago, a section of the senior leadership in the party dismissed it as a pressure tactic to ensure that former's son-in-law Umar Ali who lost his Beheta assembly seat in Saharanpur got a place in Akhilesh's cabinet. With Mulayam having assured Bukhari to address his demands, but deciding to nominate Ashok Bajpayee, it seems that the SP president too thought Bukhari's demands could be a pressure tactic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "athens (usa)", "code": "13021813", "title": "Gangjee courts disaster towards finish in third round", "text": "ATHENS (USA): Indian golfer Rahil Gangjee looked all set for a great third round before disaster struck him in the closing stages but he still rose a couple of rungs to tied 34th on the penultimate day of the Stadion Classic.Gangjee, four-under in 13 holes with five birdies and one bogey, dropped three shots in the last five holes, including two on last two holes for a 71.That saw him finish the third day at tied 34th, two places up from his second round position, but way worse than what looked possible a few holes earlier.Gangjee birdied first and second and then three in a row from 10th to 12th. Tyrone Van Aswegen fired a six-under 65 on Saturday and moved into first place after three rounds.Van Aswegen jumped ahead of the field with an eagle-3 at the par-five 17th and finished at 13-under 200, one better than Bio Kim (64), Woody Austin (66) and second-round co-leader Billy Horschel (69).Two shots off the pace are Shawn Stefani (66), Cliff Kresge (68) and Jim Herman (70). Two-time US Open champ Leen Janzen shot a 66 and is only three off the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13019253", "title": "We cannot be taken lightly in IPL 5: Rahul Dravid", "text": "MOHALI: Their campaign back on track after the 43-run win over Kings XI Punjab, Rajasthan Royals captain Rahul Dravid has said that opposition teams would be making a big mistake by taking side lightly in the ongoing Indian Premier League.\"I think we have shown in this competition that we are a team to be taken seriously even though not many people have given us much of a chance this time,\" Dravid said at the post-match press conference after beating Kings XI on Saturday.Rajasthan is presently lying fifth in the standings with 10 points from 11 games, but Dravid is optimistic about his team making it to the play offs.\"We are underdogs in most games, but we like being that. We play good cricket and we have shown that in this competition, except for the last game against Delhi Daredevils in Jaipur. Every game we have been competitive and we have fought till the end. With five games to go, I hope we can get a bit of a roll here and hopefully, we can qualify for the eliminator,\" he said.The win against Kings XI would act as a big morale booster for Jaipur outfit, who came on to Saturday's game low on confidence after four defeats on the trot.\"We knew if we had lost this game, we would have made the task very difficult for ourselves. So, it's nice to win a game and get back into the middle of the table. But it's going to be tough from here. A lot of big teams are out there, much bigger names than us, but we are in that stage of the tournament where we are still in with a fighting chance,\" Dravid said.Dravid made 46 while Australian all-rounder Shane Watson hit a 17-ball 36-run cameo and also picked up two wickets to help Rajasthan's cause against Kings XI.Dravid also said that Shuan Tait and Watson's inclusion in the playing eleven has brought the much-needed balance in their bowling attack.\"We played Shaun Tait and Shane Watson and that showed in our bowling performance. But bowling is an area where we need to keep improving because our batting is quite strong and lot of guys are in good form for us,\" he said.He said that Kevin Cooper's injury had opened up a slot for Tait in the playing eleven.\"We can play only four foreigners, it's not easy. Today we had to drop Owais Shah, who is in such good form to get in Tait. So it's not an easy thing to do. We had to drop Brad Hogg, who has probably been the highest wicket-taker for us in the competition,\" Dravid added.Dravid also said that fielding is one area where they need to work harder after his fielders dropped three relatively easy catches on Saturday.\"The lights here in Mohali are quite low. But this (fielding) is an area where we can work on, go back and practice under the lights. I think it was a very good performance except for those couple of blemishes on the field.\"Asked about his own form, the former India cricketer said, \"I am really enjoying the way I have been batting this season. I think me and Ajinkya Rahane have been giving the team some good starts. He (Rahane) has been batting sensational this season. Our partnerships have been crucial to the team's success so far.\"\"I think in the first six overs, Rajasthan Royals has scored more runs than any other team than Delhi Daredevils. I am pleased with the way we are going. I just try to play good cricketing shots. I have been timing the ball really well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13015448", "title": "Missing nitrate-laden truck: Cops trace drivers' whereabouts", "text": "INDORE: Cops claim to have traced the whereabouts of the driver of the truck laden with 30 tonnes of ammonium nitrate, which had gone missing on Saturday.Sub-inspector and officiating head of Kshipra police, Rajesh Sahu said with the help of his cell phone number, police have been able to figure out the whereabouts of the accused truck driver, who had gone missing with the vehicle about two days ago. He refused to furnish more details as it may hamper the investigation.The truck-laden with ammonium nitrate (MP19 HA1163) had left Deepak Fertiliser situated at Centre Point, Manglia for Singroli before going missing on April 19. Acting on the report of one Kamal, police had earlier registered a complaint against Suresh, the driver of the truck, under section 406 (punishment of criminal breach of trust) of the IPC.Kamal hails from Badgaon in Katni. ASP Padmvilochan Shukla told the TOI that the cops were following all leads to nab the accused driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13024348", "title": "Barreto's last match ends in a victory", "text": "KOLKATA: He might have played his last match at Mohun Bagan leading them to a 2-0 win over Pune FC on Sunday, but Brazilian forward Jose Ramirez Barreto said his association with the club will remain life long.\"I will be there for Mohun Bagan forever. I will be here to support them whenever they need my service. I know the doors are always open for me,\" Barreto told reporters after his swansong match at the Yuba Bharati Krirangan.Barreto hoped that Mohun Bagan would make a new beginning next season ending their title drought.\"My best wishes for them and I really hope that they win trophies next season. Hope they will win a trophy soon.\"\"I was very disappointed. It's really sad last two years. Especially this year when we were doing well. I believe that there will be a new beginning for Mohun Bagan,\" he added.Barreto thanked the supporters for giving him an overwhelming emotional farewell.\"I am out of my mind. I don't know what to say. It was really a special day for me. I am really happy to get the amazing response. I always knew that I could not be here without the fans support,\" an emotional Barreto said.Barreto also thanked God for whatever he had achieved. \"Without him I could not be here. There have been many bad times but he was always there with me. There were times when I was low on confidence but the God helped me regain my confidence. He always made me feel that tomorrow will be a better day. I thank God for that.\"About his brilliant sixth minute goal, Barreto said: \"When I took it it felt the ball was going the other way but then suddenly it turned course and got in. God has made me special and has given me strength today. I could keep myself concentrated.\"In talks with Bhowanipore Club for the next season's Calcutta Football League, Barreto said: \"It's not yet final. I don't know how long will I be playing. I just hope for a good environment, a good physio and trainer. I feel with a good trainer I can push for a few more years.\"Asked whether they lacked a trainer at Mohun Bagan, Barreto said: \"We have physio but not trainer. A trainer can help avoid injuries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13014672", "title": "Shakuntalam to host biz meets", "text": "Times News NetworkNEW DELHI: Shakuntalam Theatre at Pragati Maidan is not reopening in its original form. Part of a larger plan to create more spaces for business conferences and interactions on the Pragati Maidan grounds, it too will serve mainly as a venue for business events.However, during \"lean periods\", when the venue is free, India Trade Promotion Organization (ITPO) will organize film festivals at Shakuntalam. A week-long restrospective of Bhupen Hazarika's films start on May 18. But for the rest, Shakuntalam's days of screening commercial Bollywood films for tickets are over.The film festival, being organized by ITPO in collaboration with the Directorate of Film Festivals, will be free to the public who'll have to pay only the entry fee for Pragati Maidan. \"We'll close the doors once the hall fills up. We don't want people standing,\" says P C Sharma, general manager. Shakuntalam can seat 300. Five films will be screened at the fest that Hazarika had composed for (Chameli Memsaab, Aparoop, Gandhi to Hitler ), composed and sung for (Rudali) and produced and acted in (Ek Pal).Film festivals, clarifies Sharma, will not follow any schedule. \"It is secondary to the business events. It's only when the hall is free that we'll use it for films. Also, no commercial Bollywood films will be screened there,\" he says.Pragati Maidan hosts about a 100 trade fairs every year, Sharma adds. Very few of those are business-to-consumer (B2C). About 10% are organized by ITPO directly; the rest by third parties who need venues like Shakuntalam for conferences. \"There is a lot of demand for such spaces during business and trade shows. We are developing conference facilities in Pragati Maidan. The decision to close Shakuntalam was not a one-off one. It was part of a larger decision,\" he says. The building that housed the restaurant Phoolwari is also being developed into three conference halls.Sharma also points out that film-screenings at Shakuntalam were frequently interrupted when the venue was needed for business-related events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015074", "title": "Rajkot truck driver behind terror plot in four states?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after the central intelligence bureau (IB) sounded a terror alert in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Punjab and Haryana, the agency has sent names and photographs of five terror suspects to respective state police agencies. Jamnagar police has detained three suspects in this connection.On Friday, IB warned about a possible terror strike by terror outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba in Jamnagar, which houses two large refineries, and Ahmedabad.\"The intelligence was gathered after the agency intercepted some emails which mentioned the four states besides containing some crucial details. The mail was traced to a cyber cafe in Sabarkantha in Gujarat. Records available at the cafe show a man from Rajkot having accessed the computer at the given time. The man was also traced. He turned out to be a truck driver, who has been detained,\" said a police official.The driver, however, said he doesn't use internet and had no idea how his identity card made way to the cafe. The state anti-terrorists squad (ATS) officials have been roped in for the investigation. \"We are checking photographs to ascertain whether any of them are wanted for earlier serial blasts cases in the country,\" said a senior official.Meanwhile, security has been beefed up at Sabarmati jail, which houses 30 terror accused and suspects allegedly linked with Indian Mujahideen and other terror outfits. A crime branch official said an IM operative was found using a cellphone from the jail, a fact that has added to cops' worries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13024815", "title": "Tripura wants Centre to develop border areas", "text": "AGARTALA: The Tripura government has urged the Centre to expedite the development of border infrastructure at Sabroom, the state's southern-most point along the Bangladesh border, so that the Chittagong port would easily be accessible from here.Commerce minister Jitendra Choudhury said that the Centre had committed to make Sabroom one of the trade corridors in South Asia and the ministry had hinted at setting up the fourth border haat of the region. Adding that the state government had initiated the process of constructing a bridge on the Feni river to connect Sabroom with Ramgarh in Bangladesh, he said land customs facilities will also be expanded on the border to improve business between India and Bangladesh through Tripura.Tripura has also demanded seven Border Haats and four such markets were agreed upon by the two countries in first phase. Choudhury said: \"If the existing border infrastructure is upgraded, the volume of trade between Bangladesh and northeastern states will increased five to six-fold.\"The haats are to be set up within 5km on each side of the international border, allowing villagers of both the countries to sell local agricultural and horticultural products, spices, minor forest products (excluding timber), fresh and dry fish, dairy and poultry products, cottage industry items, wooden furniture, handloom and handicraft items.According to plan, trading in these bazaars would be held once or twice a week and a spending cap of $50 will be imposed per head. No local tax will be imposed on the transactions and both Indian and Bangladeshi currencies will be accepted. In the meantime, trade between Bangladesh and Tripura alone has increased from Rs 4 crore in 1996 to Rs 258 crore in 2011-12, and the figure is expected to cross Rs 300 crore soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "athens", "code": "13022206", "title": "Angry Greeks vote in key parliamentary election", "text": "ATHENS: Greeks hammered by two years of deep spending cuts voted Sunday in a parliamentary election critical to the country's prospects for pulling itself out of a deep financial crisis that has roiled global markets and threatened Greece's position in the eurozone.The result is highly uncertain, with angry voters broadly expected to punish the two main parties that have dominated the country's political scene for decades. The last public opinion polls before a two-week ban went into effect showed both the conservative New Democracy and socialist PASOK parties hemorrhaging support to a constellation of smaller parties, several formed by rebellious deputies.The election is unlikely to produce any clear winner, leaving the party with the most votes to seek coalition partners to form a government. Opinion polls ahead of the vote indicated the leading party would be New Democracy, headed by Antonis Samaras - who has insisted he will not enter into a coalition with his Socialist rivals and warned that a coalition government would require too much haggling to be effective.The leading party will have three days to form a government, after which the mandate will go to the second party for a further three days, and then to the third party. If none can form a coalition government, the country will head to new elections - a prospect that worries Greece's international lenders. If, on the other hand, a government is formed, Parliament will convene on May 17.Greece is heavily dependent on billions of euros worth of international rescue loans from other European countries and the International Monetary Fund , and it must impose yet more austerity measures next month to keep the bailout dollars flowing and prevent a default and a potentially disastrous exit from the group of nations who use the euro currency.Thirty-two parties are vying for the support of nearly 10 million registered voters, many of whom were undecided on the eve of the election.The level of voter turnout will be crucial to the final outcome. In the last national election, in October 2009, just over 70 percent of registered voters went to the polls, a low figure by historical standards.Early indications showed that turnout could be larger this time. Voting is compulsory in Greece, but penalties for failing to vote are no longer enforced.Public anger has been so high that politicians have been forced to maintain low-profile campaigns for fear of physical attacks on the streets in a country battered by business closures and hundreds of thousands of job losses.Socialist leader and former Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos, who helped negotiate Greece's bailout and a massive bond swap to reduce national debt, was heckled on his way to a polling station in northern Greece by residents in nearby apartment buildings. Some shouted slogans such as ``Thieves Out!''After voting, Venizelos said the election is the most important development in Greece since 1974, when the nation emerged from a seven-year military dictatorship.New Democracy's Samaras also emphasized what was at stake.''The Greek people vote today for the future of their children. ... They vote for stability, growth, security and justice,'' Samaras said after casting his ballot.PASOK - which stormed to victory in the last parliamentary election in 2009 with 43.92 percent and George Papandreou at its helm- has seen its support collapse over the past two years.Headed by Venizelos since March, it is fighting off a strong challenge by anti-bailout left-wing parties, with opinion polls projecting PASOK to win between 14.5 and 19 percent. If that happens, it would be the lowest since November 1974, when the party won 13.5 percent just two months after being founded.''Today, after two and a half years of barbarism, democracy at last returns to its birthplace,'' said Alexis Tsipras, leader of the Coalition of the Radical Left, or Syriza, an amalgam of former Communist Party members that is predicted to make strong gains.Repeated rounds of tax increases and reductions of salaries and pensions over the past two years have seen the country mired in a fifth year of recession and unemployment spiral to above 21 percent. The backlash has seen voters turn to smaller groups and mostly anti-bailout offshoots.Up to an unprecedented 10 parties have been projected to win more than the 3 percent minimum threshold for a parliamentary seat. That includes the extreme right Golden Dawn, which has been riding high on the emotive issue of illegal immigration, promising to clean up crime-ridden, ghetto-like city neighborhoods and mine the country's borders to stop more migrants from getting in.''People are not choosing smaller parties because they believe in their agendas,'' political communications expert Spiros Rizopoulos said. ''I doubt if anyone has ever read an agenda of a smaller party. It's because they want to protest a decision that has been made'' that led Greece into the bailouts and the ensuing austerity.For the past six months, New Democracy and PASOK have been uneasy bedfellows in a coalition government cobbled together under technocrat Prime Minister Lucas Papademos . The former European Central Bank deputy head was appointed after Papandreou was forced to resign following a sudden decision to put the country's second bailout to a referendum.The coalition, which initially also included a small right-wing party, was formed with the sole mandate of securing the country's second bailout and the bond swap deal with private creditors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13022671", "title": "Karnataka CM hits out at Centre for 'step-motherly' treatment", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda today accused the Centre of showing step-motherly treatment towards the state by not releasing badly needed funds for drought relief operations.\"If the Congress-led UPA government really wants to respond to the plight of the affected people in Karnataka, it should release Rs 2,500 crore out of Rs 5,600 crore loss incurred by farmers due to drought,\" Gowda added.Speaking to reporters here, he said if the Centre has any \"concern\" for Karnataka, it should release the funds sought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015110", "title": "When Curzon rescued Ahmedabad's icon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If the carved tablet of the Sidi Syed Mosque is the symbol of present day Ahmedabad, it is mainly due to prompt and strict directions from Viceroy George Curzon to restore and maintain the structure.During his famine tour to Gujarat in 1900, Lord Curzon was in the city and expressed wish to see the great latticework in the 16th century monument, which was built by Sidi Syed, an Abyssinian follower of Bilal Jhujhar Khan - the general of the last Sultan Shams-ud-Din Muzaffar Shah III of the Gujarat Sultanate.Local officials tried to dissuade Curzon from going to the mosque citing security reasons, but the viceroy was adamant.When he was taken there, he was thrilled by the beautiful architecture, especially the mesh. However, he was also appalled by the neglect and misuse of the historic structure. He found a government office functioning in the small mosque.H Caldwell Lipsett gave a detailed account of this visit in 1903 in his book - 'Lord Curzon in India', \"On his Famine Tour, he found that all the graven work of this beautiful design had been used by the local babus to store old documents and papers. He immediately had all this rubbish thrown out, the tree-trunk railed off, and the artistic tracery restored to its original beauty.\"After ordering removal of the office from the mosque within 24 hours, Curzon also made arrangements for proper upkeep and preservation of the monument. Another spot in the city that captivated Curzon was Jhulta Minar, the shaking minarets of the Sidi Bashir mosque.It was such conservation initiative taken by Curzon across the country during his six-year tenure that earned him praises from Jawaharlal Nehru , who wrote, \"After every other viceroy has been forgotten, Curzon will be remembered because he restored all that was beautiful in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13017057", "title": "Flies in your soup?", "text": "BANGALORE: As many as 6,000 licensed restaurants and just one food safety inspector. So next time you step into a restaurant for your favourite chow, just don't think about food safety.After Kalasipalyam police unearthed the milk adulteration case on March 26, 2012, BBMP suspended four of its five food inspectors. That left the civic body with just one inspector!Realizing the danger of having just one officer manning so many restaurants, the Public Health Institute has now written to the government to immediately appoint food safety officials. Dr Srinivasa Gowda, joint director, Public Health Institute, told STOI they had told the government to appoint 32 food security officials for BBMP limits.\"As per the Food Safety and Standard Act 2006, there are sanctioned posts for 14 food safety officers. The health department has a proposal to appoint 614 officials in different positions for enforcement of the Act. We have proposed the appointment of 244 food safety officers so one officer can be posted in each taluk across the state.''Health officer issued noticeSeeking an explanation for the underperformance of food safety officers, the BBMP deputy commissioner sent a show cause notice to Dr Manjula KE, chief health officer, BBMP. \"It was directed to you to depute one health officer in each of the 198 wards. Instructions were given to inspect food processing and distributing units to find out adulteration cases. However, no such instructions have been followed in the past two months,\" the show cause notice reads.On March 26, about 10,000 litres of milk from Erode, adulterated with caustic soda (used to unclog drains), washing powder (for the froth), sugar and tapioca powder was seized by police and the adulteration was confirmed after testing.According to Vasudeva Adiga, president of Bangalore Hoteliers' Association, \"Regular inspections are necessary. But before acting against hotels, BBMP must close roadside food stalls. They fail to maintain hygiene and have not obtained licence from BBMP. Most hotels in Bangalore get milk supply from Mother Dairy and don't depend on milk supplied from Erode,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13024353", "title": "Health workers to prepare blood slide of fever patients", "text": "ALLAHABAD: If fever cases are reported at the primary and community health centers of the district, the officials have asked health workers like ASHAs and ANMs to prepare blood slides of patients while visiting villages and blocks. The measure had been initiated to provide medical assistance to rural people.Chief medical officer Ramesh Kumar Srivastava told TOI that ASHAs and ANMs have been trained how to make blood slides. Instructions have been issued to the medical officers and para-medical staff to take care of patients suffering from fever. This had been done to ascertain whether the patients are suffering from any chronic disease or not. The health workers have been instructed to conduct door-to-door campaign in the villages. They will get money to make blood slides, he added.He added that if any person is suffering from fever during monsoon season, he must go through malaria test. Several cases of gastroenteritis and diarrhoea had been registered. Changing weather conditions also cause rise in diseases like asthma , typhoid, cholera , dengue fever , bronchitis , scabies and malaria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13016298", "title": "Faiz Fazal returns to VCA fold", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidarbha Cricket Association has suffered a lot of brain drain over the years to Railways and very few have made the return. In fact, only Baburao Yadav was back in VCA fold in 2004-05 only to rejoin next year due to family reasons.Now, Faiz Fazal has returned back to his roots. The southpaw has quit his job and is available to play for Vidarbha, provided he performs well. \"He has quit his job this week citing personal reasons,\" a well-placed source in Railways Sports Promotion Board (RSPB) told TOI on Saturday.\"It would have been nice had Faiz stayed with Railways as he was integral part of the Railways squad. He is a talented player. However, it was his decision and we have to respect that. I wish him good luck for the future,\" ex-Railways skipper Prahlad Rawat said.Faiz had captained Vidarbha in Vijay Hazare one-day tournament in Indore before joining Railways in 2009. Same year he signed with Team Rajasthan and made an impressive debut in the charity match against 2008 English Twenty20 champions Middlesex at the Lord's.The left-hander has played 26 Ranji Trophy matches for Vidarbha and has scored 1862 runs at a decent average of 42.32 hitting three hundreds and nine fifties. The opener has averaged more than 50 in his last two seasons with Vidarbha. He is one of four Vidarbha cricketers to score century on debut and has also represented Central Zone team in Deodhar and Duleep Trophy five times in his brief career so far. Besides, he is the first Vidarbha cricketer to play the prestigious NKP Salve Challenger's Trophy.Faiz was impressive in his debut season for Railways in 2009-10. He also scored a fighting hundred against domestic powerhouse Tamil Nadu.\"I informed about my decision to VCA officials and told them about my availability. I am happy to be back in Vidarbha fold. It was great learning curve with Railways but now I want to play for Vidarbha. Whatever I am today is just because of VCA,\" Faiz said.With three professionals in the side, it won't be a cakewalk for this 26-year-old. \"It's simple; I have to score and perform up to the expectations. Vidarbha have done well last year and there's competition for the places. However, I am not thinking too far ahead. I am looking forward to play whatever local matches I get to play and do well there,\" the former India Under-19 cricketer said.VCA officials are also happy with his return but they want Faiz to prove his worth again. \"He has to perform. The competition is immense and Faiz will have to earn his place. Everyone knows how talented he is but now he has to transform all that into performance,\" a senior VCA official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "13022910", "title": "Two immigration consultancy companies fined", "text": "BARNALA: Finding the two immigration consultancy companies guilty of duping two students by about Rs 10 lacs and failing to ensure both gets student visa to UK, Barnala district consumer forum has fined the two companies Rs 1 lac each and return the extracting money along with interest.Satnam Singh and Gagandeep Singh of village Moom in Barnala had on July 28, 2001 approached the forum with a complaint of both having been duped by two immigration consultation companies in the naming of getting them study visas to UK to carry on studies at international business study school. Satnam and Gagandeep said \"after clearing the senior secondary examination, both had approached the Swift immigration company of Khanna for study visa. Company representative Sandeep Kumasr had introduced them to his partner, RTS immigration company representatives apart from HDFC officials\". The immigration company representatives charged Rs 4.23 lac each from both of them and asked them to deposit Rs 10 lac each in their bank accounts.\"When we put our inabilities to deposit such a big amounts, the immigration consultancy company representatives asked them to pay interest of Rs 70,000 each and company on its own will deposit the amounts in bank\", asserted both Satnam and Gagandeep adding the companies failed to deposit money in bank despite charging them Rs 70,000 each and their visas were rejected.Even after rejection of visas, the companies failed to return the money and keep on making excuses and offered them to send Hungry or Singapore. Concerned over it both approached the forum.Forum authorities issued summons to the company representatives to put their replies but the summons were not received and forum had to put advertisements in newspapers asking the company representatives to appear before forum.Forum president Sanjeev Dutt Sharma finding fault in the services of immigration consultancy companies on Saturday directed companies to return the money extracted from both the persons with 6 percent interest in thirty days and asked these to pay compensation of Rs. 1 lac each to both for causing harassment, mental agony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13020460", "title": "Mars was really wet in its early days: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Several studies in the past have shown Mars used to be warmer and wetter. Now a new research claims to have found additional evidence that the Red Planet was really wet earlier and its atmosphere was much thicker than today.Early Mars would have been saturated, with air density 20 times what it is now, claims Georgia Tech Assistant Professor Josef Dufek.Currently, the Martian atmosphere is less than one per cent the density of Earth's. Liquid water can't last long, if at all, on the surface (though other studies indicate there is much ice, and perhaps liquid water, beneath the surface).Dufek is analyzing ancient volcanic eruptions and surface observations by the Mars rover Spirit. His new findings are published by the journal Geophysical Research Letters.\"Atmospheric pressure has likely played a role in developing almost all Mars' surface features,\" Dufek said.\"Its climate, the physical state of water on its surface and the potential for life are all influenced by atmospheric conditions,\" he was quoted as saying by Live Science.Dufek's first research tool was a rock fragment propelled into the Martian atmosphere during a volcanic eruption roughly 3.5 billion years ago. The deposit landed in the volcanic sediment, created a divot (or bomb sag), eventually solidified and remains in the same location today.Dufek's next tool was the Mars rover. In 2007, Spirit landed at that site, known as Home Plate, and took a closer look at the imbedded fragment. Dufek and his collaborators at the University of California-Berkeley received enough data to determine the size, depth and shape of the bomb sag.Dufek and his team then went to the lab to create bomb sags of their own. They created beds of sand using grains the same size as those observed by Spirit.The team propelled particles of varying materials (glass, rock and steel) at different speeds into dry, damp and saturated sand beds before comparing the divots with the bomb sag on Mars. No matter the type of particle, the saturated beds consistently produced impact craters similar in shape to the Martian bomb sag, they found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13009769", "title": "The Khans do, Rajinikanth doesn't!", "text": "If you are a celeb, signing an endorsement is a given. However, today these deals are being used in the marketing of a film with revenues running into tens of crores. Some celebs see it as a secondary source of income but others aren't lured by the big bucks.Brands are usCricket and Bollywood are two hot favourites in India. And it's not surprising that most brands prefer to sign on either cricketers or actors to take their brand forward in a country that is recognized as fast-developing economy and a market with tremendous potential. Last year, the Brand Sachin versus Brand Dhoni war heated up and today, the two remain the leaders in raking in the moolah from endorsement deals. In fact, Dhoni's fee shot upto more than ` 10 crore annually per brand post the World Cup win and he is one of the highest-paid endorsers.In Bollywood, it is the Khans - Aamir , Shah Rukh and Salman - who continue to rule the roost. Shah Rukh's smart endorsement strategy has him plugging brands he champions for into his films and as result, less personal losses. For instance, his endorsement deals ensured that his RA.One notched up a whopping` 52 croresBrand deals have turned so lucrative today that most celebs are tempted to sign up - even if it means a regional deal rather than national. In the south, legend Kamal Haasan has only now jumped onto the brandwagon at the age of 57. The Ulaganayagan, as he is popularly known as, didn't seem to be tempted to speak up for any brand despite being an extremely successful actor with global recognition. Another legend who has returned to the screen to endorse a brand is yesteryear Bollywood star Rajesh Khanna. And the younger celebs are not far behind today - they may be struggling for films, but even a single endorsement deal ensures a steady annual income.Superstar never got temptedThis man, who's treated like God by his fans, hasn't even entertained a preliminary meeting with a company! The Superstar has ruled Kollwyood for decades and has spoken his mind on cinema and politics. But he hasn't been swayed by the brandwagon. Money doesn't woo him nor does fame that comes through these deals. He has achieved a status that is beyond these and frankly, does he even have a price?According to a source, it seems that a cola company tried approaching Rajinikanth in 2006 to be their brand ambassador and even offered him ` 2 crore. But he didn't even allow them to get into his orbit for a meeting. Apparently, they kept increasing the amount but he didn't budge. It looks like the Superstar prefers to entertain his fans through his films rather than drive fans to buy products he may or may not believe in.Ad factsSalman Khan recently said he endorses only things he uses.Porn star Sunny Leone just signed her first brand endorsement for a mobile company.Madhuri Dixit was found to be too expensive to be the 'face' of Maharashtra.Mahesh Babu is the first south actor to be signed on by a cola company for a national campaign.Kareena and Katrina are the top two women brand ambassadors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13015848", "title": "Taj plans gala spread for guest with a taste for Indian food", "text": "KOLKATA: By her own admission, Hillary Rodham Clinton grew up listening to Ravi Shankar and having Indian food. Bombay Club, a high-end Indian restaurant in Washington DC, was the Clintons' favourite when they occupied the White House. During a visit to India a few years ago, Hillary had said she loves Indian food and feels comfortable in the country. Thereby, it shouldn't be too difficult for the Taj Bengal management to ensure a pleasant stay for her in Kolkata after she lands here on Sunday.Hillary will put up in a presidential suite on the hotel's top floor that offers an uninterrupted view of the city's skyline including landmarks like the Howrah bridge and Victoria Memorial. According to sources, such suites have a living room, a dining room with a work area and a guest rest room. There is an option of an interconnecting deluxe room. A stay at this suite costs nearly Rs 51,846 per night and one has been reserved for the US secretary of state for two days starting Sunday noon.But then, the entire floor will be at the disposal of Hillary and her staff. Sources claimed that even hotel employees have been asked to stay away and appear only if called. \"We have heard that special badges and ID cards will be issued to those with permission to access that floor,\" said an employee.Saturday saw a flurry of activity at the hotel with security personnel, aided by sniffer dogs and sophisticated equipment, going through every nook and corner. Several rounds of such inspections took place during the day. Those who are already staying at the hotel have been requested to bear with the additional security arrangements.\"We have been told not to allow diners to park their cars on the hotel premises. They will be dropped outside the lobby and the cars will be parked outside. However, when Hillary Clinton enters or leaves, nobody else will be allowed to do the same save for the members of her staff and security personnel with proper authorization.Hillary plans to dine with senior US consulate officials at the hotel on Sunday evening. \"We haven't yet received any instructions but from what we have heard, she likes to select from a wide variety of items. We are planning to keep kebabs, fresh fruit, salads, a wide variety of soup and pastries ready. We shall offer Mediterranean, European, Pan Asian, Chinese, Italian and of course Indian delicacies,\" said a chef at the main kitchen of the hotel.The house-keeping staff is, however, tight-lipped about the special arrangements made to make her stay comfortable. \"We haven't received any special instructions yet. As it is, the suite has the best arrangements available. For surveillance, we have CCTV cameras at strategic locations,\" one of them said.Normally, such suites offer a 24-hour butler service. Hillary had occupied one of them once when she was the US first lady. In the past, the Dalai Lama has also been a guest here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13015669", "title": "Doctors demand action against quacks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The United Frontal Organization of Health (UFOH), a body of doctors, in a letter addressed to the secretary, Health, Chandigarh administration, has drawn his attention to the rapidly growing menace of quackery in the city, especially in the colonies and the villages. They pointed out that such \"jhola chhap\" doctors who lack requisite qualifications are putting the lives of poor, innocent people at risk.The organization said that the entire responsibility for health care of citizens is with the state and that the UT health department had failed miserably in checking such quacks, while adding that the organization should take strict action against quacks. The doctors who met the health secretary were Dr A P Sanwaria, chairman of the organization and Dr Zora Singh, member of governing council of UFOH and former president, Indian Medical Association, Chandigarh branch, Dr K K Sharma, besides Dr Rajnish Sharma, Dr Y S Khullar, Dr R P Gaba, Dr B S Bhatia and Dr Sanjeet Singh Sodhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13016768", "title": "Milkman, cow electrocuted", "text": "MADURAI: In a freak accident, a milkman and his cow were electrocuted in a water body which was electrically charged due to a snapped electric wire near Vandiyur in the city outskirts on Saturday morning.R Ramachandran (60) from Tahsildhar Nagar used to graze his cow near Vandiyur Kanam, a stream that flows from Vandiyur tank to Vaigai river. It was his usual custom to bathe the cow before leaving the animal for grazing in the fields nearby. Due to torrential rain and wind on Friday night, a high tension electrical wire had snapped and fallen into the stream.As soon as Ramachandran stepped into the stream with the animal, both were electrocuted and died on the spot. A few passersby saw the man and animal lying dead in the stream and alerted the police. Karupayurani police rushed to the spot and found that the water body was electrically charged. The Electricity Board was alerted and the electric supply in the line was disconnected before recovering the man's body from the stream which was sent to the Government Rajaji Hospital for post-mortem. Police sources said that Ramachandran and his cow got electrocuted due to the live electrical wire falling in the water body on Friday night. Karupayurani police have registered the case and are investigating, they said.Locals said that many among them would take bath in the stream during the day time. \"Many people in the area, especially local school boys on vacation bathe in the stream. The causalities would have been much more if people had not spotted the body of Ramachandaran and the animal early in the morning,\" one local said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13017152", "title": "DLF begins operating Rs 30L road sweeping machine", "text": "GURGAON: DLF has started using a road sweeping machine to clean the DLF City Phase 5 area. Procured at a price of Rs30 lakh, the machine will clean almost 4.2km of the main Golf Course road and over 4km from Pinnacle Building till the DLF Exclusive Floors. The waste collected will be disposed of at MCG-approved dumping sites.\"It is our commitment to upgrade the infrastructure of DLF City. You will start noticing the difference in cleanliness on the roads very soon as the machine has been scheduled to clean the area daily without creating any disruption to traffic. The aim is to enhance the overall quality of life of our residents,\" said Aakash Ohri, Head of Golf and Infrastructure, DLF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "13016990", "title": "13 killed, 40 missing in Nepal floods", "text": "KATHMANDU: Thirteen people were killed as raging flood waters from the swollen Seti river swept away houses and farms near the tourist resort of Pokhara on Saturday. Around 40 people are still missing in the floods triggered by a glacial lake burst in north western Nepal , even as the swollen river smashed into huts and buildings.The calamity occurred in the remote Kaski district, 200-km away from the capital, Kathmandu .A number of shacks in Kharapani village were washed away in the deluge. Three foreign trekkers are among those dead. \"Among the dead is Ukranian while three Russians are missing,\" said superintendent of police Shailesh Thapa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13020276", "title": "Satyamev Jayate: Aamir Khan's smallscreen venture earns kudos", "text": "Already picking up speed at a tremendous rate, the show Satyamev Jayate by Aamir Khan is the most anticipated TV debut right now!The show opened to full houses on Sunday morning and pretty much everyone seemed to be hooked to the show that was aired.The first show brought forth the topic of female foeticide and saw some poignant real life tales. Industry friends like Farhan Akhtar , Preity Zinta and others lauded Aamir's effort.In fact, some of the people from the industry like young actress Nidhi Subbaiah tweeted saying \"How about Aamir Khan for president?\"Little wonder that unlike the usual suspects like IPL or Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir was the most-spoken about person on Twitter and other sites. Fans are already blogging asking for more shows like this and less reality shows. Let's see if this show changes the trend.Check out some of the tweets:Kiran Bedi: Aamir's Satyamevjayate on Star Plus is an expression of power of media+inherent potential of society in resolving its own created problems. I would give full marks to Amir Khan's TV Prog Satya Mev Jayate, very creative,evidence based and emotionally connecting, inspiring!Amish Tripathi: Aamir Khan's satyamevjayate is a patriot's ode to all Indians. V can be better people. If u luv ur country, u will be d change u want 2 see.Harsha Bhogle: if Aamir Khan provides the action promised satyamevjayate will truly succeed. for that action,we too have to be involved. sms for a start.Shabana Azmi: Aamir Khans show can bring a revolution. Thoroughly researched covers all aspects touches emotional chord n forces us to reexamine ourselves.Vir Das: Full respect for Aamir. Psuedo armchair pessimists always underestimate the power of awareness. Well intentioned, optimistic &amp; much needed.Mandira Bedi: A reality show in its truest sense. Some stirring &amp; troubling realities of our times.. I applaud.Shruti Haasan: Watching satyameva jayete along with everyone else methinks.Preity Zinta: Watching Aamir Khan on Satyamev Jayate discussing Female Foeticide ! I love this effort from him &amp; thank him as a Woman !Mini Mathur: Aamir Khan I am so proud of you. You have put your stature to use in the most straight and compelling way. TV has woken up to a new era.Kabir Khan: For an hour this morning. Television stopped being the idiot box.Maria Goretti: An hour well spent watching `Satyameva Jayate`. Aamir Khan take a bow, poignant issues, heartfelt and emotional content TV never felt as good.Mitali Chatterjee: The concept of Female Foeticide...needs every voice it can get .. thank you Amir #SatyamevJayate.Jaydeep Sarkar: Bravo, Aamir Khan! Thank you for not wasting the nation`s time on game shows/ cultivating greed. THIS is how stardom should be used.Dinesh Dasa: Aamir Khan is providing a best example of how stardom earned could be returned back 2 society 4 societal cause.Poonam Pandey: SatyamevJayate reminds of the Sunday Time Slot whn use to watch Mahabharat as a teen evn by skipng some sunday mtchs Bravo \"Aamir Khan\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13021537", "title": "You don't grow as a player if skipper spoon-feeds you: Morkel", "text": "NEW DELHI: For Morne Morkel, the idea of soaking in pressure at the international level is to make mistakes and learn from them all by himself and that is why the South African pacer feels he is flourishing in the IPL as his captain Virender Sehwag doesn't spoon-feed him.\"Personally, I hate the idea of trying to spoon-feed a cricketer as to what he needs to do in pressure situations. I have seen captains who love to dominate and direct a bowler about dos and don'ts in match situations,\" the Delhi Daredevils pacer said in an exclusive interview.But when you are spoon-fed, you don't grow as a cricketer. Make mistakes and try yourself to find out the solution,\" the leading wicket-taker in this year's IPL said.\"That's why I like Virender Sehwag's approach as he likes you to be your own man. Viru would never set fields for you as he believes that if I am an international bowler, I am good enough to set my own fields. Only if things don't work according to plan, he would come up and suggest an alternative,\" Morkel added.Talk about pressure situation and the 19th over against Rajasthan Royals comes up for discussion. The satisfaction of executing his plan was writ large on his face.\"It was a do-or-die situation and I was bowling at the back-end for the first time. That over has given me a lot of confidence. I am still working on my bowling at the death. How to pitch it a bit fuller as some of the batsmen are playing me well on the backfoot,\" says the current 'Purple Cap' holder.Morkel, who has 139 wickets from 39 Tests, however feels lucky that two great players like Sehwag and Mahela Jayawardene are there in the dressing room to share their invaluable experience.\"I have my little black notebook where I jot down some of the tips of Viru and Mahela. With the Twenty20 World Cup in another four months time, the IPL is an ideal platform where you get the taste of the sub-continental conditions and that will come in handy in Sri Lanka.\"\"It's good that all top South African players like AB (de Villiers), Dale (Steyn) and myself have done well in this edition,\" the 27-year-old Morkel informed.Ask him about the batsmen who have posed real challenge for him during his six-year career, Morkel replied, \"It's got to be KP (Kevin Pietersen). With his height and reach, he has been a phenomenal player of both pace and spin. We have seen what he has done during this IPL on these Indian tracks and he can be equally devastating on bouncy wickets in Australia and South Africa.\"Morkel had special words of praise for his South African teammate Vernon Philander.\"If someone has got 51 wickets in seven Tests, he is a special talent. He has been amazing during the past season. At times, it felt as if he has 10 years of international experience under his belt.\"Morkel is proud of the fact that he is now the leader of the Daredevils' bowling attack.\"It is a special feeling. When I go back and join Proteas, this experience would be of enormous help. The advice you get from likes of KP and Viru can't be bought from Super-market,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13016406", "title": "\u2018Kudankulam plant to start ops in 10 days\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Springing a surprise, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday said the Kudankulam nuclear power project is all set to go on stream within ten days. \"Within ten days we will start the project,\" an optimistic Jayalalithaa told reporters in New Delhi after participating in the chief ministers' conference. Senior officials at the Nuclear Power Corporation Limited, however, did not share the chief minister's enthusiasm about the short deadline for commissioning of the plant.An official told TOI that even loading fuel in the first unit may take more than 15 days as the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) is yet to give its clearance. \"Only the first inspection of the unit by an AERB team has taken place and another team of senior officials will have to check the unit. Only after that we will get the clearance to load fuel,\" said the official. KNPP managers and NPCL senior officials have earlier said that the first 1,000MW unit of the plant will be commissioned only by June. With Tamil Nadu hard-pressed to meet the growing power demand in the state, Jayalalithaa has been making fervent pleas for getting all the 1,000MW generated from the first unit of the plant for Tamil Nadu. But the Centre has made it clear that Tamil Nadu will receive only about 400MW and that it would adhere to a prescribed formula for power sharing among states. Last week, in New Delhi, Union minister of state V Narayanasamy said power production would commence in 40 days in the first unit and two months later in the second unit. Officials at the Kundankulam plant have tested more than 600 pumps and motors, 200 control panels and a same number of electrical panels and individual systems in the reactor 1.Sources said three kinds of safety drill -- plant emergency, site emergency and off-site emergency -- would be done before the plant is commissioned. The first two have been completed. Under the plant emergency drill, all personnel at the plant were required to assemble at a designated place when a warning alarm was sounded. The site emergency drill applies to all those present within 1.6km radius of the plant. They too have to assemble at a designated place on hearing a warning sound, sources said. \"We have trained the district administration on safety drills such as traffic diversion and alerting residents on how to react in an emergency. Training on evacuating people and handling other emergency situations will be done before the reactor goes critical,\" sources said. But even as preparations are on at the plant for its commissioning, protests by villagers and activists against the project is continuing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13017298", "title": "Smugglers try to mow down IPS officer", "text": "BANGALORE : An IPS probationer escaped death when a gang of smugglers tried to mow him down.Sunil Kumar Reddy , IPS, posted at the Rippenpet police station in Hosanagar taluk of Shimoga district , was injured in the smugglers' attack late Friday night near Balur village .On a tip-off that the smugglers were carting sandalwood and rosewood out of the forest , Reddy rushed to the village with a few personnel . He arrested two members of the gang, led by Ammer Hamza , Ganesh and Raghu . The others fled on seeing the police party .When Reddy was questioning the arrested men , the smugglers returned in their vehicle at high speed and tried to run over the policeteam .The IPS officer and a smuggler were injured in the melee . The other police personnel escaped unhurt ; the smugglers made good their escape .Police alerted their Shimoga and Sagar counterparts . Within hours , Hamza and three of his accomplices were caught in the Sagar police limits .Reddy was admitted to a hospital . Police said the arrested smugglers have been remanded to police custody .Shimoga SP Raman Gupta said : \"We will crack down on smuggling in the district .\" He said the arrested men were carrying sandal and rosewood . Preliminary investigation has revealed the arrested men are habitual offenders .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "13016775", "title": "Bangladesh national dies in freak mishap", "text": "TUTICORIN: A Bangladesh national was killed in a freak accident at Tuticorin port on Saturday.The Bangladesh-based man was trapped in a huge shutter that was closing down and died.Police said that Tapas Kumar (54) was working as a labourer in a ship that was loading salt from Tuticoirn port meant for shipment to Indonesia .After salt was loaded into a godown-like container on board the ship, the shutter was closed.Tapas slipped and fell on the ground when the shutter landed on him. Though he was rescued immediately, Tapas suffered a severe injury in his hip and was rushed to the government hospital at Tuticorin where he died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016169", "title": "Akhilesh seeks rethink on National Counter Terrorism Centre", "text": "LUCKNOW: Labelling the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) \"a direct assault on the federal structure\" of the country, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav stressed upon the need for a rethink over the issue. The CM hit out at the proposed move without mincing any words and questioned the very purpose of setting up the NCTC when anti-terrorism agencies were already functional in majority of the states.Joining the group of chief ministers opposed to the proposed agency, Akhilesh endorsed the general apprehension that it would end up encroaching upon the jurisdiction and autonomy of states. The chief minister chose to skip the crucial meeting of chief ministers in Delhi on Saturday and was represented by Panchayat Raj minister Balram Yadav who tabled his speech.Maintaining law and order, he stated, needed taking into account local issues, circumstances and also evaluation of public sensitivities. Any operation must, therefore, ensure due participation by the local security agencies. The proposal authorizes the Central forces and NSG to carry out operations without taking in confidence the local agencies, he pointed out. This arrangement could lead to crisis situation, even as the possibility of misuse of these powers cannot be ruled out, he warned.The director of the proposed NCTC has been authorized to carry out arrest, search and seizure without even informing the director general of police in a state or the ATS chief who are responsible officers. Traditionally, no Central force can set up base in any state without its formal approach and even while it grants permission, the state government is known to retain its hold over the operational control room. NCTC must also honor this rule, the CM noted.The chief minister also questioned the move to make NCTC a subordinate body to Intelligence Bureau and empower it to decide upon the operational priorities of state agencies. This, he declared, constitutes an infringement of state jurisdiction for states are free to make their choiceStressing upon the need for an integrated command against subversive forces, the CM suggested that NCTC should confine itself mainly with collection, analysis and evaluation of intelligence while operational part should be assigned to the state agencies. The Centre has already set up a National Investigation Agency (NIA) and now with NCTC on the anvil, a situation could arise whereby state agencies would be rendered redundant, he warned. Bringing the state government in the loop, seeking its consensus and cooperation before launching any anti-terror operation must be made mandatory for NCTC he insisted. And as in its present form, these vital issues are missing , the proposal needed a rethink, he added.Stressing upon the need for an integrated command against subversive forces, the CM suggested that NCTC should confine itself mainly with collection, analysis and evaluation of intelligence while operational part should be assigned to the state agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016217", "title": "Indian Rail Catering and Tourism Corporation announces new tour package for Vaishno Devi", "text": "After successful launches of several tour packages to Bharat Darshan-Dakshin Yatra and Shirdi Dham in the past, the Indian Rail Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) is once again set to launch fresh travel tours to for the devotees to visit Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine in Jammu. A person willing to travel to Vaishno Devi Shrine is just required to pay an amount of Rs 2,580 for getting seat confirmed in the special train which will depart from Varanasi and Lucknow railway station.While the first tour would leave for Vaishno Devi shrine from Varanasi on May 25 and reach Kanpur Central railway station and proceed towards state capital to end journey in Jammu, the second travel tour for the same shrine would depart on May 31 from Varanasi via Lucknow route. The third tour and the fourth tour packages for Vaishno Devi have been scheduled in the month of June and will leave Varanasi railway station and proceed via Kanpur Central on June 12 and June 18 respectively. The fifth package for the cave shrine in Jammu would also proceed through the same route. The tour package has been planned for departure on July 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13016341", "title": "There is none to punish erring police officials", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The functioning of the district-level police complaint authority (DLPCA) in Alappuzha has turned into a farce following the failure of the district police to execute the former's orders recommending action against erring police officials in the district.The DLPCA was formed by the state government in 2007 to look into complaints from the public against police officers up to the rank of deputy superintendent of police (DySP).The district-level authority is headed by a retired district judge and its members are district collector, superintendent of police (SP) and hussur sheristadar (HS).The public can lodge complaints on serious misconduct by police personnel, including incidents such as death, grievous injuries or rape in police custody, extortion or any incident involving serious abuse of authority. \"We have considered 310 complaints against police officials in the district so far and recommended action against many of them. But the home department has not taken any action against them so far. So what is the relevance of the DLPCA in the district?\" said a member of the DLPCA.\"At present, retired district judge T K Wilson is the chairman of DLPCA in Alappuzha. He is also in charge of DLPCAs in other six districts. As per the rule, there should be a stenographer for assisting the judge, but the government has not yet appointed one and it creates difficulties,\" he said. \"Owing to the shortage of manpower and non-cooperation of police officials, DLPCA cannot function effectively and now it is unable to provide justice to the complainants. If the erring police officials can influence top officials, they can easily escape punishment recommended by the authority,\" he said.Alappuzha superintendent of police K G James told TOI that he had not taken any action against the police officials in the district as per the recommendations of the DLPCA.\"We can take action only when we can confirm their offence. However, there was no offence from the part of police after I took charge in the district,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13023683", "title": "Churchill beat Pailan Arrows to finish third in I-League", "text": "MARGAO: Riding on a double strike from Henri Arnaud Autchouet, Churchill Brothers fought back from a goal down to score a convincing 3-2 win over Pailan Arrows and finish third in the I-League on Sunday.Churchill, who needed a win to finish third, suffered a setback when they conceded a goal in the 18th minute when CS Sabeeth headed home a cross from Malsawmfela.Stunned by the setback, Churchill Brothers regrouped and kept the pressure on their rivals and equalised in the 24th minute when Henri Autchouet found the net with a neat header off a cross from Mohammed Rafi to have both the team level 1-1 at half time.Changing over, Churchill continued in their pursuit of a win and took the lead in the 51st minute when Lalrindika Ralte headed in off a cross from Steven Dias from the right.Eight minutes later Pailan conceded a penalty when defender Gurtej Singh brought down substitute Roberto Silva inside the box and referee CR Srikrishna awarded the penalty which was converted by Henri Autchouet to earn the 'man of the match'.The visitors put up a good fight and came close to scoring on a couple of occasions. They reduced the margin in the injury time through C S Sabeeth who headed in off a cross from Deepak Devrani.Churchill Brothers finished their league engagement with 48 points from 26 matches. Pailan Arrows remained on 13th position with 16 points from 26 matches.Dempo had already been declared champions for fifth time with 57 points followed by East Bengal (51 points).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13016851", "title": "Oscar Fernandes rules himself out of presidential race", "text": "MANGALORE: AICC president Sonia Gandhi's Man Friday, Oscar Fernandes, on Saturday virtually ruled himself out as a possible presidential candidate.In his own assessment, Oscar said: \"I am not a suitable candidate for the post of President of India.\"He said the finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is a probable candidate for the presidential post. \"I think I am not a suitable candidate for such a high position in the democracy,\" he added.\"There is no difference in the Congress with regard to selection of candidate for the presidential post. Leaders will discuss and take a final decision soon. The term of Pratibha Devi Singh Patel as the President ends on July 22 and the calendar of events for the election has not been published yet. There is enough time for the party to choose a suitable candidate,\" Oscar said.On the Centrally Empowered Committee report on former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , Oscar said: \"The Supreme Court will decide everything and we will wait till then.\" He asserted that Congress candidates in the upcoming elections to South-West Graduates and Teachers constituency of the will come out victorious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13020446", "title": "MI vs CSK: Sensational Mumbai Indians clinch last ball thriller over Chennai Super Kings", "text": "MUMBAI: Dwayne Smith emerged as an unlikely hero for Mumbai Indians as he smashed a six and two fours off the last three balls to secure a sensational two-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings in their Indian Premier League match on Sunday.Scorecard | Match in Pics | Watch IPL HighlightsChasing 174, Mumbai needed 16 runs off the last over, bowled by pacer Bel Hilfenhaus, and equation became 14 off the last three balls as the Australian castled Lasith Malinga off the second ball and conceded one run in the next ball.Smith hit a towering six over long-on in the fourth ball and reeled off two conseutive fours to snatch the win for the hosts in a match, in which fortunes fluctuated like a pendulum.Sachin Tendulkar (74) slammed his first half-century of the season and shared a 126-run stand with Rohit Sharma (60) to lay the foundation for the win but regular strikes brought Chennai back in the match.Chennai had put up a challenging 173 for eight after being invited to bat as their top and middle-order batsmen batted superbly with Murali Vijay top-scoring with his 41.Mumbai were handsomely placed at 144 for one in the 16th over before Chennai stormed back in splendid style to reduce the home team to 159 for 8 with four balls left.The wicket of Tendulkar, who struck 11 fours and a six in his excellent innings, triggered the collapse as seven wickets fell for just 15 runs which almost put Mumbai on the brink of defeat.West Indian Smith pulled it around with his splendid, unbeaten 24 in 9 balls, that included 2 sixes and as many fours. Tendulkar and Rohit's partnership had virtually looked to have sealed Chennai's fate on a splendid batting track before the sensational collapse. The duo had cut to size the Chennai attack that looked clueless on how to stop the rampaging second wicket pair. Rohit hit eight boundaries, including two sixes. Tendulkar departed in the 16th over, caught brilliantly at short extra cover by Francois du Plessis off R Ashwin when 30 runs were needed and what appeared to be a comfortable task became difficult with a spate of wickets including that of Rohit in the 18th over. The mayhem began when Dwayne Bravo castled Dinesh karthik (11) and Ravindra Jadeja struck twice in the 18th over to remove Ambati Rayudu (0) and Rohit. In the end their third straight victory boosted Mumbai's tally to 14 and placed them one point adrift of second-placed Kolkata Knight Riders. Earlier, a flying start by Murali Vijay and some commendable knocks from the middle order steered Chennai Super Kings to a challenging 173/8 against Mumbai Indians at the Wankhede Stadium on Sunday.Vijay hooked Munaf when the bowler pitched it short for a six over square leg. He later smote the bowler for a lofted four and then two successive sixes over the mid-wicket region with utter disdain.His belligerence helped the visitors race to 46 in five overs with Plessis playing second fiddle.A terrible piece of misunderstanding between the Chennai openers helped Mumbai dismiss Plessis when he was sent back by Vijay following a push to mid-on but was beaten by RP Singh's direct hit at the bowler end stumps.Singh thus made amends for a terrible piece of fielding earlier when he dropped a sitter off Plessis off Munaf Patel.Chennai then lost Vijay to a piece of indiscreet shot-making. The opener tried a heave Singh when he came back for a second spell and was bowled comprehensively off the fourth ball after the end of power play.Harbhajan brought himself on into the attack soon after the fall of these two wickets in the space of 9 balls and restricted the run-scoring along with R P Singh.Super Kings could add only 30 runs between the sixth and tenth overs to be 72 for 2 after ten.Raina ran quick singles with his partner Bravo during the 62-run partnership for the third wicket, and also struck a few lusty hits to pep up the scoring rate. He slammed West Indian Dwayne Smith for two sixes over the long on region.But the left-handed batsman departed to a poor shot, slashing the first ball bowled by left-arm James Franklin to backward point where Singh took a splendid catch.At the end of the 15th over the Super Kings were 123 for 3 before Dhoni took 15 runs off the next over from Peterson, that included a six over long on which struck the glass pane of the press enclosure and a four.Bravo carted Munaf for a huge straight-field six into the packed stands before losing his stump to a Malinga swinging Yorker in the 18th over.Dhoni was dismissed via a catch just inside the rope by Rohit Sharma off R P Singh in the penultimate over and Albie Morkel too fell to the left-arm pacer off the last ball of the same over.Malinga then applied further brakes with the wickets of Ravindra Jadeja and R Ashwin in the last over of the innings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015008", "title": "Complex Tatra purchase deal making holes in Army's budget", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sale of all-terrain Tatra trucks to the Indian Army is done through a far more convoluted route than what was known in public. Besides, the procurement of Tatra spare parts involves a similar complex methodology, making holes in the force's budget.Sources said, the price for trucks coughed up by the Army is over 100% more than the original equipment manufacturer's cost, while that of spare parts is around 300% dearer.The CBI is probing the Tatra deal following Army chief Gen V K Singh's claim that he was offered a Rs 14-crore bribe by Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh in September, 2010, on behalf of NRI businessman Ravi Rishi, to clear the trucks' purchase. Rishi owns Tatra Sipox ( UK ) that supplies the vehicles to defence PSU, BEML, which, in turn, sells it to the Army.Sources said Tatra a.s., the Czech firm, that manufacturers the trucks, actually sells the vehicles to Venus Projects Ltd of Hong Kong , a firm owned by Rishi.According to some sources in the government, in this sale, Tatra a.s. offers a 35% discount. Venus Projects sells it to Tatra Sipox (UK) after the cost is marked up by 30%, sources said. The transaction, though, is only on paper, they added.Tatra Sipox (UK) sells it to BEML after the costs are marked up by about another 20%. Then, BEML sells it to the Army, with further 25%-35% rise in costs.Rishi, the promoter of Tatra Sipox (UK), confirmed the circuitous route, but insisted that there was no major mark up of prices. \"The Czech Tatra a.s. makes engines, cabin, (and) transmission for Tatra truck and have authorized Venus Projects Ltd HK to sell this to India both for military and civilian markets,\" he said.He said, Venus Projects Ltd was also a 50% shareholder of Tatra Sipox (UK) Ltd; \"therefore, the goods from Tatra a.s. were invoiced to Venus Projects Ltd, which, in turn, invoiced it at almost the same price to Tatra Sipox (UK) Ltd.\"Rishi said, \"The price at which BEML sells the trucks to Indian Army/MoD is beyond the control of Tatra Sipox, and Tatra Sipox is not even privy to this rate. BEML would definitely have their own mark up as they are building the truck.\"The purchase of spare parts for Tatra trucks supplied to the Army defies logic even more, Army sources said. The arrangement is as follows: BEML places order for spare parts with Tatra Sipox (UK) that passes on the contract to Jupiter Slovakia, sources said.They pointed out that Jupiter Slovakia has a list of suppliers for Tatra spare parts, and seldom approaches Tatra a.s, the original manufacturer, directly. Tatra a.s. comes in the frame only if Jupiter Slovakia fails to source spare parts from its other suppliers. Consequently, the spare parts' prices are inflated by around 300%.However, Rishi denied there was any irrationality in the sourcing of spare parts. \"For spare parts, there is a set system of pricing and supply. Tatra Sipox (UK) Ltd; provides a yearly price list in Jan/Feb of the year, which is valid from April 1st of that year to March 31st of the next year. BEML uses this price list of all parts to place orders on Tatra Sipox (UK) Ltd,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13015327", "title": "Missing 5-yr-old girl's body found in drain", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The body of a five-year-old girl was found in a drainage channel under mysterious circumstances at Kanchikacherla village on Saturday. The child, Chandrika, was found missing two days ago. Police immediately launched a hunt for the child by forming two special teams.On Saturday, sanitation staff found the body in the drainage near Venkateswara Rao's house while clearing the channel. The body was found in a decomposed condition. Upon information, police rushed to the spot and sent the body for autopsy.Police said that it could be an accident as the child might have slipped into the drain while playing and that the cause of death can be known only after the autopsy. However, parents suspect foul play as the body bore injury marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016216", "title": "Star-gazers keep date with super moon", "text": "LUCKNOW: Star-gazers got an opportunity to have a closer look at the full moon which was usually brighter and larger than the usual days. In Lucknow, excitement and jubilation was high among the city folks who made every effort to see the super moon on late Saturday night which was in its stately splendour.To see the biggest full moon of the year, also called the perigee full moon, people from all age groups were spotted out of their houses. Waiting anxiously to catch a glimpse of the celestial event, Tarun Paliwal, a class IX student, said, \"It was a long day for me. My friends and I kept discussing about the full moon the whole day. Unlike last year when I slept, this year I made it a point to have a look at the beautiful moon.''Equally anxious was Roshni Tandon, a college-goer who regretted having missed the chance of seeing the super moon last year. \"I have been told that this day is said best for inner transformations, charity and healing relationship problems. Therefore, I did not miss the golden opportunity this time,'' said Roshni.Describing the phenomena behind the super moon, Alka Mishra of Lucknow University's astronomy department said, \"As moon follows an elliptical orbit rather than a circular one, its distance from the Earth keeps varying. Like any full moon, the super moon is always bigger when it is on or near the horizon rather than higher in the sky.\"In charge, Indira Gandhi Planetarium, Anil Yadav said the super moon will be 16% bigger and 30% brighter than other full moons this year. He said after Saturday, the full moon and perigee will realign on June 23, 2013. Yadav further said the perigee full moon will be visible again on November 14, 2016 (356,509 km), and it will even be closer than the one which was seen on March 19, 2011 (356,575km). Perigee is the point nearest to the Earth in a path of a body orbiting it. \"On November 25, 2034, for the first time in this century, the perigee full moon will come closer than 356,500 kilometres,'' said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13016165", "title": "Protect rights of Hindus in neighbouring countries: Murli Manohar Joshi", "text": "VARANASI: Senior BJP leader and chairman of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) Murli Manohar Joshi on Saturday accused the Central government of failing to protect the interests of Hindus in neighbouring countries and demanded that it should clear its stand in Parliament.Talking to reporters here on Saturday, Joshi said: \"Human rights as well as cultural and religious rights of Hindus were being violated in different places in the world. The Hindus in Pakistan are facing attacks on their human and religious rights, but the Centre has turned a blind eye to their plight describing it as an internal matter of Pakistan,\" he said.\"We want cordial relations with our neighbours, but not at the cost of the interests of Hindus,\" he added.Joshi said that he had raised the issue but he was told by the ministry of external affairs that it was an internal matter of Pakistan. \"It is not an internal matter of Pakistan but an international issue that should be settled as per international protocol,\" he said adding that about 400 Hindu families have returned to India in recent past.According to him, on an average 30-40 Hindu families were forced to leave Pakistan every month. \"These families were not given any protection or facility in India, the government did not even identify such families,\" he alleged and claimed that the \"Hindus in Pakistan were subjected to threats like abduction and rape of girls, conversion and forced marriage\".They were threatened and harassed even if they get some relief from the court, he said adding that in such a situation they had no option but to leave the place. \"At \"he time of the formation of Pakistan there were 15% Hindus, but today their population reduced to 2%,\" said Joshi.He further stated that not only in Pakistan but the rights of Hindus were also violated in Russia and Sri Lanka . The government never took cognizance of the miseries of such families of its own. \"When I raised the matter in the parliament I was told that the matter would be discussed with the Prime Minister. The government should clear its stand in the parliament,\" he said.Joshi also sought government clarification on the issues of shortage of arms and ammunition raised by Army Chief General V K Singh in his letter to the Prime Minister. \"We want to know the truth and what the government is doing in this regard,\" he said. \"Black money deposited in foreign banks could be utilized to strengthen the army. At a time when India is surrounded by nuclear powers, the BJP wanted to know the government's stand on internal security, he said.Joshi also demanded a debate on the economic reforms in the country. The PM and finance minister repeatedly said that the country was passing through an economic while the economic advisor said that the economic reforms could be possible only after 2014, he said.adding that the issue should be discussed extensively in Parliament involving all political parties.\"All these vital issues should be discussed seriously in the special session of Parliament to be held on the completion of 60 years of its existence on May 13,\" said Joshi.Replying a query regarding National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), Joshi said that there could not be separate policies for terrorism; hence both the Centre and state governments should jointly take up the problem. To another query regarding Presidential election, he said, \"I am not in the race.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015149", "title": "Lovebirds end life in Gandhinagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 20-year-old boy and a 19-year-old girl, distant relatives, were found dead from Narmada canal near Raipur village on Saturday. Police suspect love affair as reason for the suicide. Bodies of Bhavnath Solanki, a resident of Ahmedabad, and Jaya Solanki, a resident of Vasni village near Gandhinagar , were fished out from the canal. The duo had tied hands together before jumping off.\"Bhavnath had been to Rajkot to study engineering and was living in a hostel. His ancestral village is in Vasni where his father's cousins are living. He used to go to the village. The family members had got a whiff of the affair and also tried to stop the duo as they were distant brother and sister,\" said an investigator. tnnOn Friday, Jaya started out from the home for her college in Himmatnagar but in the afternoon, her phone was found switched off. Police believe that they committed suicide on Friday itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014665", "title": "Land scam: Court to frame charges against 10", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court has decided to frame charges against 10 people accused in the Yamuna Pushta multi-crore land scam saying the evidence prima facie show they were involved in fictitious allotments to slum dwellers.Special CBI Judge Anoop Kumar Mendiratta decided to frame charges against Ashok Malhotra, a roadside food vendor, saying the specific evidence collected against him, at this stage, pointed out that he was involved in illegal allotments with the other accused.Charged will also be framed against MCD deputy director Sumer Chand Garg, MCD clerk Atul Vashisht, Ashok Chikara, businessman Ashok Jain, Lal Mani, Ram Chander Arora, canteen manager Ravinder Sandhu, Vijay Kumar and Mohan Lal, accused in fictitious allotment of plots under Resettlement Scheme of Slum &amp; JJ Department.\"Prima facie all the accused are liable to be charged for offences under Section 120 B IPC (conspiracy) read with Section 420 (cheating), 467 (forgery of a valuable security), 468 (forgery for the purpose of cheating), 471 (using a forged document as genuine) and 13(2) read with 13(1)(d) (for bribery) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, and 420 IPC read with Section 120B IPC,\" the court said.The case pertains to illegalities in land allotment in respect of dwellers of Yamuna Pushta.Relying upon the specific evidence on record against Malhotra, and the statement of a prosecution witness, the court said it clearly pointed out that \"accused Ashok Malhotra was in the conspiracy with other accused (in illegal allotments). The evidence on record is sufficient for framing of charges against the accused at this stage.\"The court relied upon the statement of a witness who stated that Ashok Malhotra in 2006 asked him to arrange about 400-500 ration cards and Delhi administration I-cards for getting the documents of plots prepared. The court also held that accused public servants Sumer Chand Garg, Atul Vashisht and Ashok Chikara are also liable to be charged for substantive offence under Section 13(2) read with 13(1)(d) of PC Act read with Section 120B IPC.\"The inclusion of the names of allottees/beneficiaries in the draw of lots itself shows the connivance of the public servants and other accused,\" the court added.As per the prosecution, Malhotra grabbed a large number of plots meant for resettling slum dwellers of Yamuna Pushta. First a chole-bhature vendor, then a canteen contractor in Delhi Vidhan Sabha, Malhotra was arrested on August 6, 2007 and is also accused of having adopted a similar modus operandi for grabbing plots in Dheerpur (Phase-I) and Molarband (Phase-II). The agency had also recovered a slew of fancy cars with VIP number-plates from his northwest Delhi residence.He and his associates had got the plots allotted in the name of non-existent applicants by submitting fake ration and identity cards, survey register, photographs and bank challans. Subsequently, they sold these plots on the basis of forged general powers of attorney and cash receipts, making crores of rupees in the deal. The public officials are accused of having helped Malhotra in getting papers for acquiring these plots in return for hefty bribes.A total of 16 charge-sheets have been filed by the CBI against Malhotra and his associates in respect of fictitious allotment of plots under Resettlement Scheme of Slum &amp; JJ Department. While Malhotra is a common accused in all the cases, six of the 16 charge sheets involve the officials from DDA along with other accused while the remaining 10 charge-sheets pertain to officials from Slum &amp; JJ Department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13020062", "title": "Gautam Gambhir is the finest skipper I have seen: Shahrukh Khan", "text": "KOLKATA: A beaming Kolkata Knight Riders co-owner Shahrukh Khan can't stop raving about his team's skipper Gautam Gambhir as he feels the batsman has lifted the side magnificently after three seasons of incessant controversies.The left-handed opener has led by example, being the leading scorer for the Knight Riders this season with 421 runs.On Saturday, in their grudge match against the Sourav Ganguly-led Pune Warriors, it was no different as Gambhir's 36-ball 56, his third half-century from as many matches, set the platform in their seven-run victory.The Indian selectors not very long ago had removed Gambhir from the vice-captaincy ahead of the Asia Cup but for SRK Gambhir is the best.\"In my eyes, he is genuinely the finest captain that I have seen. Yes, I have seen most of them from outside. I am a cricket follower. But leading from the front and the way he talks to the boys, I think he is the most awesome captain.\"Apart from that he is a gentleman -- a really genuine gentleman. I very seldom get impressed by leaders, but I am very impressed by Gautam Gambhir,\" SRK said after their win on Saturday.KKR were controversy-ridden in the first three seasons and Gambhir has done a great job in motivating the side, the Bollywood star said.\"For a team which has been so full of controversy for no choice of ours for the last four years... For him to come and be so full of grit and determination... To prove himself to be a Kolkata boy... is a great thing.\"\"This is not to take anything away from the importance of other players and captains, but Gambhir has done awesome coming into a franchise, which is owned by a movie star, which causes people to look at it (the franchise) more astutely...\"Firmly placed at number two on the table, the Bollywood heartthrob credited the success to the people of the city and state for showering love on the team from Kolkata.\"For a team, which hadn't been doing well, I think most of the time we do well now is because of the encouragement that people of Kolkata and Bengal have shown us,\" he said.SRK hoped that the resilience would pay off this time. \"When I think of KKR, the one thing I tell them is that we should try the best and leave the rest. That is the main thing in life. And we have been going on for four-five years now and we have been gritty about the whole thing. So hopefully, the resilience will pay off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13015330", "title": "Thundershowers likely in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: With drizzling in some parts of the state, weather on Saturday turned pleasant across Madhya Pradesh. Rainfall or thundershowers are likely to occur at isolated places, including Bhopal in next 24 hours beginning 8 pm of Saturday.With the state capital experiencing drizzles for some time for the second consecutive day, residents got a respite from the sweltering heat.Squall too is likely to hit some places in the state, including Bhopal in next 24 hours, weatherman said. Clouds over the city are likely to disperse on Monday, the weather forecast said.An upper air circulation over North-West MP has brought climatic change in MP, Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) Bhopal centre director D P Dubey told TOI. It entered the state from Rajasthan, he said. Another one that prevailed over east MP on Friday had moved towards Chhattisgarh, he added.The drizzle accompanied by a squall on Friday brought the temperature down to 38 degrees Celsius, which further dipped to 36.8 degrees C on the week end.Light showers were experienced in some parts for an hour in Indore where the maximum temperature was recorded at 38.8 degrees C and a minimum temperature of 23.2 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mao gate", "code": "13024721", "title": "Nagas pays tribute to Mao Gate police firing victims", "text": "MAO GATE: Braving the scorching heat, hundreds of Nagas on Sunday paid a tribute to the souls of two students of the community who were gunned down in police firing during a protest rally on this day two years ago at Mao Gate in Senapati district about 100 km from the state capital.The deceased students, Neli Chakho (20) and Dikho Loshuo (20), were among a large number of protesters who took out the rally to denounce the state government's decision to prevent NSCN(IM) general secretary Thuingaleng Muivah from visiting Somdal, his ancestral village in Ukhrul district. Several other protesters were also hurt in the police action.The Nagas, under the aegis of the United Naga Council (UNC), which is campaigning for an alternative arrangement for the Nagas in Manipur without the involvement of the state government, observed the second anniversary of the 'martyrdom' of the two students at Martyrs Park.Mao Council was the organizer of event, which witnessed a battery of Naga civil bodies, students and common people offering flowers at the memorial of the two students.Interestingly, the chairman of the NSCN (IM)-Centre ceasefire monitoring cell, Major Gen (Retd) N George, also attended the function.UNC president L Adani said, \"It is a day when we come together to rekindle the spirit with which Neli Chakho and Dikho Loshou faced the bullets of the adversaries. The sacrificing spirits of these two martyrs made them heroes and we are proud to be gathered here around their graves, which stand to symbolize our struggle before the world.\"Commenting on UNC's pursuit for an alternative arrangement, he said the movement for securing it without the state government has been registered in history with the democratic process of a tripartite talk involving the Centre, the state government and the Nagas in Manipur, under the aegis of UNC.Stating that the Centre was urged in April to resume the talks, he said, \"We would inform our people of the need to be prepared for what could happen in the days to come, depending on the response of the Centre and the state with regard to taking forward the process already put in place.\"The observation reaffirmed that the Naga people in Manipur will hold steadfast to the conviction and commitment demonstrated by the two students \"who gave their all for the future and the rights of their people.UNC general secretary Gaidon Kamei, who read out the reaffirmation note, said the two students' sacrifices will continue to inspire and strengthen the Nagas in their struggle.Leaders of Naga Hoho, Naga People's Movement for Human Rights ( NPMHR),Mao Counci, Committee for Alternative Arrangement also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13015857", "title": "City college\u2019s green initiatives win it global environment prize", "text": "CHENNAI: Students of Sri Venkateshwara Engineering College in Sriperumbudur, who started an initiative to map the sparrow population in the city called 'Save Our Sparrows', have won a global environmental contest.The project requires people to upload pictures and location details when they spot a sparrow in Chennai on a Facebook page. \"We mark these areas on a map of Chennai. This is used to create a sparrow map of the city,\" said Ramesh Rajesh, a student and co-ordinator of the project.The team won the first prize at 'MobilizeU', which was conducted by the Washington-based 'Earth Day Network' to mobilise students to set in motion environmental changes. The month-long contest, which ended on April 29, had participants from 300 universities in 51 countries. Students who took part had to generate 'acts of green' that would achieve environmental changes on campuses and surrounding areas.Over a month, the college clocked more than 89,000 'acts of green' by organising lectures, competitions and nature walks, and working on environmental projects. An 'act of green' is calculated by the number of hours spent planning and participating in a project that creates awareness about environmental issues or reduces carbon footprint. Bahcesehir University in Istanbul, Turkey won the second prize.Rajesh and his friends have also started 'Project Sorgamars - Solar, Rainwater and Garbage Management for Rural Societies'. \"We have adopted Thennalur and Sivanthangal villages near Sriperum-budur and plan to distribute solar lamps,\" said Rajesh. The students have supplied 50 solar lamps worth 17,000 to school students of these villages.The Earth Day Network is planning to present the works of students at the United Nations conference on sustainable development in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in June, as part of its 'A Billion Acts of Green' campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13022123", "title": "Businessman, daughter attacked in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A local businessman and his daughter were attacked when they tried to resist a robbery attempt of a group of assailants in Loni town of the district, police said today.Local industrialist Bhism Tyagi was shot at and his daughter Anju was beaten yesterday in their house when they tried to stave off robbery attempt by the armed assailants.Both were rushed to a local hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13018167", "title": "Two Delhi policemen jailed for extortion", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two policemen have been sentenced to three years in jail by a Delhi court for extorting money from a scrap dealer by threatening to implicate him in a theft case.Holding head constables Sukhbir and Anoop Singh guilty under the Prevention of Corruption Act for forcing the scrap dealer to give them the bribe, Special CBI Judge Pradeep Chaddah also imposed a fine of Rs 40,000 on each of them.The duo had threatened to implicate the scrap dealer in a false case of buying stolen property when the latter had visited the police station with a friend to lodge a case of theft.\"We find that convicts had threatened to implicate a citizen and demanded his pound of flesh for letting him off. Victim was not guilty of any crime or misdemeanour. He simply happened to visit the police station with a friend to lodge a report,\" the judge said.\"Convicts police men were duty-bound by law to prevent crimes from taking place. Instead of doing their duty honestly, they themselves started indulging in criminal activities.\"They sought to extract bribe of Rs 20,000 from complainant Sarfaraz Ahmad and also succeeded in extorting the same,\" the judge said.Both Sukhbir and Anoop were posted at DBG Road police station. On January 24, 2007, Ahmad visited the police station with his friend Asif, whose motorcycle was stolen.Both the convicts, instead of lodging the complaint, threatened to accuse Ahmad of purchasing stolen motorcycles. They even contacted Ahmad on telephone and visited his house to demand money.A trap was laid and the duo was nabbed. Anoop, however, managed to escape only to surrender 20 days later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "13022869", "title": "Two arms supplier held with weapons and drugs in Bihar", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Police today arrested two arms suppliers and seized a haul of weapons and contraband substance from Lakshmi chowk under Brahmpura police station area in Bihar's Muzaffarpur district, a police officer said.Acting on a tip off, the police held the arms suppliers, identified as Rajnish Kumar and Bhairav Tripathi and seized a carbine, a pistol, six ammunitions, charas worth Rs. 50,000 and a car among others, the Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Rajesh Kumar said.A case has been registered against the arms suppliers at Brahmpura police station area under the Arms Act and other provisions of the law, he said.On the basis of disclosure by them, the police busted an illicit arms factory in Chetanparsa village in Saran district and recovered a haul of semi-processed weapons and materials used for processing weapons, he said.One Vikas Kumar Sharma was arrested from the spot and handed over to the Saran police, Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015550", "title": "CWG scam accused fined Rs 2k", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two businessmen, facing prosecution for their alleged roles in the 2010 CWG streetlighting scam, have been fined Rs 2,000 by a court for questioning its order and alleging that it fixed a hearing date on a witness's request.Special CBI judge Pradeep Chaddah fined accused J P Singh and T P Singh, the promoters of Sweska Powertech Engineering Pvt Ltd, on Saturday for moving an \"unnecessary application\" for correction in the court's order dated April 26, 2012. Sweska Powertech was illegally benefitted in the award of streetlighting contract before the 2010 Commonwealth Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13015571", "title": "Chandigarh Municipal Corporation to \u2018adopt\u2019 housing societies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Thousands of people living in over 100 group housing societies located in the southern part of the city, might get to live in spruced up localities soon, as the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has passed a resolution to take over the entire internal development of these societies, which was a long-pending demand of the residents. Presently, people living in these societies are paying Rs 1000 to 3,000 per month as developmental charges for internal development like construction and maintenance of roads, maintenance of gardens, streetlights and sewerage system.In the resolution passed by the municipal councillors, they have asked the UT that the internal land of these societies be transferred to them with proper allocation of funds, so that development of internal areas of societies could be done in a proper manner, as the area comes under MC and residents of these societies are voters of the civic body.Raising the issue, municipal councillor Davesh Moudgil said, \"Over 15 years have passed, but the internal area of these societies has not been transferred to the civic body, as a result of which residents of these societies have to pay for municipal facilities themselves. People living in these societies are tax payers like other residents of the city, therefore internal area of these societies should come under the MC's jurisdiction with a proper budget, so that residents don't have to pay for those facilities, for which the MC has been formed. Keeping these things in mind, we have passed a resolution to take over the internal development of these societies.\"S S Bhardwaj, chairman of Chandigarh Social Welfare Council while taking to TOI said, \"The condition of residential societies is pathetic. These societies are paying charges to the authorities, but are not in a position to ask for facilities. If any sewerage line gets blocked, they have to make their own arrangement to get it fixed instead of calling MC employees. Same is the case with streetlights and roads. We have been raising the issue with the UT administration for the last many years and now we are quite relieved to hear that the civic body has taken a crucial decision.\"J N Sharma, resident of a Sector 51 based new housing society said, \"We are voters and tax payers therefore it is the duty of the authorities to take care of development of these residential societies and provide civic amenities. And the MC should not put financial burden on the residents of these societies.\"Maximum housing societies in the city are located in sectors 48, 49, 50 and 51. These sectors are part of the third phase of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017359", "title": "'All varsities should be under national knowledge network'", "text": "PUNE: Human resource development minister Kapil Sibal said that providing education was not the sole responsibility of the Union government and that it can only create an environment where people can learn.Sibal spoke on the subject: 'Higher education policy and youth aspirations'. The event was organised by city-based Maharashtra Institute of Technology's MIT School of Government on Saturday.Sibal said, \"It is a matter of concern that many students do not get jobs once they finish graduation. The current national enrolment percentage is mere 17% and the Union government wants to increase it. One attempt to overcome the limitation is by bringing all universities under the national knowledge network , where all courses and their curricula will be available for students and colleges in the network.\"Sibal said that of the 604 universities in the country, 400 are already in the network. There are 35,000 colleges in the country, of which 14,000 are networked and data sharing has started among them at the primary level. \"The government has set a speed of 100 megabytes per second for such connectivity, where students can access every lecture recorded in a particular college from anywhere. This would enable students to listen to the best lectures and get a joint degree of respective colleges and university,\" said Sibal.He elaborated on a concept which is under the consideration of the Union government. \"The process of selection of a professional course starts much earlier in the family. The government is thinking of providing some assistance by introducing vocational courses from std IX. There will be a variety of vocational courses, which will be introductory and designed considering the age of students. Such courses will provide additional information to students as well as help them in deciding about particular course with some basic information,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13014969", "title": "Constitutionally sound Mr CM, but...", "text": "Chief minister Manohar Parrikar is right. As per the election code of conduct the ruling party or the government should not do anything which gives them an undue advantage. Ministers should not make use of their official status in election campaigns and canvassing. However, induction of ministers is the CMs prerogative. It's his constitutional power which he claims to be guarding against all odds!The chief minister is also right when he says that the election code of conduct is not a legal document and many of its provisions are unenforceable. At the most, the election code of conduct can keep in abeyance the bread and crumbs. The cake and pastry is inalienable. This is the message the chief minister wants to deliver.The proposed induction of Alina Saldanha (wife of the ex-tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha whose untimely and tragic death within two weeks of assuming office shook every Goan), tipped to be the BJP candidate for the ensuing byelection in Cortalim, is sought to be done taking shelter under Article 164 (4) of the Constitution of India. The same states, \"A minister who for any period of six consecutive months is not a member of the legislature of the state shall at the expiration of that period cease to be a minister\".This provision does not mean non-legislators should occupy ministerial berths. It makes it mandatory that no person can hold a ministerial position if such an incumbent is not a member of the legislature for over six months. The Article 164(4) is at best in the nature of an exception to the normal rule of only members of the legislature being ministers, with its effectiveness restricted to a short period of six consecutive months. In the constituent assembly, Dr B R Ambedkar, firmly stood in favour of this exceptional provision and argued that a person who was otherwise competent could be appointed a minister on the assumption that he would be able to get himself elected from any constituency.\"After all the privilege that is permitted is a privilege that extends only for six months. It does not confer a right to that individual to sit in the house without being elected at all,\" Ambedkar said, opposing the demand to make the elective element mandatory for ministers. It is clear that this rule cannot be frustrated by giving a gap of a few days and reappointing the individual as a minister, without his securing the confidence of the electorate.Politicians have played with this exception. In the state of Jharkhand , Shibu Soren occupied the ministerial berth for three tenures without becoming a member of the legislature. In 1996, Tej Prakash Singh was inducted as minister in Punjab for a second term without facing the electorate, forcing the courts to set aside the re-appointment. Supreme Court rulings have held extended tenures as undemocratic, unconstitutional, improper and invalid and underlined that the reprieve for non-elected ministers cannot go beyond six months.Article 164(4) has been invoked a number of times in states and at the Centre to induct persons in the cabinet who are not members of the legislature at the time of induction. In Goa, the lieutenant governor had sworn in chief minister Dayanand Bandodkar since Bandodkar commanded the confidence of the assembly, and it was only later that he faced the electorate and took the seat in the legislature.After the landslide victory of AIADMK in Tamil Nadu , the governor administered the oath of office to chief minister Jayalalithaa , though she was not an elected member and her nomination papers were rejected by the returning officer on grounds of her conviction in a corruption case.There is no constitutional irregularity with a person being inducted a minister without being a member of the legislature. The issue is also not whether there can be a cabinet expansion during the operation of the election code of conduct.Sadananda Gowda, chief minister of the BJP-ruled Karnataka, evaded cabinet expansion in February 2012 quoting the operation of the election code of conduct in view of some byelection in that state. However, he continues to postpone the cabinet expansion even now, thereby meaning that there are problems of political management and that the election code of conduct had come in as a handy alibi earlier.The main issue in respect of Alina Saldanha is whether a person who is supposed to file the nomination papers for the ensuing byelection for which the election programme is already announced should be inducted as a minister during the operation of the code of conduct for elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13017251", "title": "Weather turns pleasant as max temp falls", "text": "KANPUR: The maximum temperature plunged by four degrees on Saturday due to cloud cover during the day. However, the south-easterlies winds pushed the minimum temperature upward by some degrees.But, weather experts predicted that change in temperatures will not bring rain in the coming days. The weather office said skies will remain partly cloudy for a few more days but this will not give respite from the heat.The maximum temperature recorded on Saturday was 35.7 degrees Celsius, four degrees less than that of Friday.The minimum temperature was recorded at 20.4 degrees Celsius. The cloud cover also increased the moisture content in the air. The humidity recorded on Saturday morning was 45 per cent which reduced to 32 per cent in afternoon.Anirudh Dubey, agro-meteorologist at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, said the reason behind the change in temperature was due to changed wind directions. The other reason was the absence of heatwave or loo in the region.\"Similar weather conditions will prevail in the city for a few more days. Hence the weather will remain pleasant. However, there are no chances of rain in the coming days,\" said Anirudh Dubey.He added that even last week the maximum temperature remained near to normal and the conditions will be the same this week as well. The minimum temperature too may see a slight dip. The normal mark for maximum temperature in summer is 38.6 degrees Celsius, while for minimum temperature it is 23.8 degrees Celsius.Dubey said such weather conditions pave way for 'Thrips' and other insects to ruin the crop. Farmers should spray one per cent solution of 'monochrotophas' in the pulses fields to reduce the chances of occurrence of insects and pests in crops, he suggested.\"The wheat crop has been harvested in mostly areas. Farmers are now preparing to store wheat. For this they must ensure that they dry the wheat upto the condition where only 7-9% moisture will be left in the crop. This will reduce the possibility of spoiling of crop in the rainy season. To save the stored crop from weeds and pests, farmers should place half kilogram dry neem leaves in every ton of wheat,\" added Dubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13014736", "title": "600 teachers in Yavatmal go \u2018deaf\u2019 to avoid transfers", "text": "MUMBAI: Six hundred teachers employed at zilla parishad schools in Yavatmal district have gone to extreme lengths to avoid being transferred. All of them have submitted identical certificates claiming that they are \"deaf\", and therefore, ineligible for transfer to other schools in the district.As per the law, teachers who have completed five years in one tehsil are due for transfer anywhere in the district. This year, there were 900 teachers to be transferred, of which around 600 are now claiming to be deaf. Officials say that they have taken advantage of a rule, which states that a physically handicapped person, with a deformity of 40% or more, cannot be shifted without his or her consent. Of course, all the teachers have claimed that their deformity is more than 40%, leaving officials wondering how they were able to conduct classes for five years without a single hitch. The 'deaf' teachers are attached to 2,146 zilla parishad schools in Yavatmal district, hometown of state Congress president Manikrao Thakre.Yavatmal zilla parishad chief executive officer Naval Kishore Ram on Saturday confirmed that he was aware of the unusually large number of certificates, and that there is a row over their authenticity.\"Besides conducting a probe into the entire episode, we are in the process of referring all 600 cases to the medical board to verify whether the teachers are really deaf or if they have submitted fake certificates to avoid transfers,'' Ram told TOI.A senior zilla parishad official said: \"Prima facie, it appears that quite a large number of certificates appear to be fake. If that is confirmed, we will initiate criminal proceedings against those teachers and the certificate-issuing authority.\"He said that for the first time this year, a comprehensive seniority list of all the 8,383 teachers attached to the 2,146 schools-along with the list of teachers due for transfers in view of completion of tenure-was put up on the notice board as well as the website of the zilla parishad. The last day for submission of objections was May 3.Kishore Ram, an IAS officer of the 2008 batch, had drafted this transparent transfer policy with a view to improving communication between officials and teachers.School structure at Yavatmal districtZilla parishad schools | 2,146Number of teachers | 8,383Teachers due for transfers | 900Teachers claiming to be deaf | 600", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13024371", "title": "Don't worry as asthma is fully curable: Doctors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Treatment of asthma is available in medical science and there are better and protective inhalers available sending medicines directly to lungs and can also control the disease completely, said Dr Ashish Tandon, secretary, Allahabad Chest Association and senior pulmonologist. He was speaking at a seminar on 'Modern scientific era and treatment of asthma' at Allahabad Medical Association here on Sunday.Dr Tandon said long and constant use of inhaler is safe and asthma is completely curable. He also pointed out that use of inhaler is also successful among children suffering from asthma.He added that there is an effective drug available in the country that can cure asthma. He, however, opined that \"adherence to prescribed treatment is the most important aspect of managing a chronic disease like asthma\". Doctors claim that many patients stop treatment after few weeks and this can aggravate the disease and precipitate an asthma attack.Asthma is an episodic condition which varies between symptomatic and asymptomatic periods. The asymptomatic period is a crucial time in asthma therapy as the patient may discontinue the treatment assuming that medication is no longer needed.At present, asthma cases are spreading across the globe and affecting children and youngsters as well. About 300 millions people worldwide suffer from asthma. In India, 10-12% people suffer from asthma.Meanwhile, an educational cum awareness Breathfree Yatra was taken out in Allahapur, Alopibagh, Daraganj and Jhusi on Sunday. The aim was to apprise people that asthma is curable. The yatra will be continue till May 10 in different parts of the city.On May 7, areas including Meerapur, Kalyanidevi, Shahganj and Kareli, and on May 8, areas like Mumfordganj, Teliyarganj, Govindpur and Phaphamau will be covered.Rambagh, Mutthiganj, Kydganj and Naini will be covered on May 9 and Sulemsari and Dhoomanganj on May 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014651", "title": "Woman dies in terrace fall, kin allege dowry torture", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 27-year-old woman fell from the terrace of her house under mysterious circumstances and died in the Lahori Gate area in north Delhi on Friday night. Farzana's husband told police that the woman had committed suicide but her family has alleged that she was being harassed for dowry.The incident was reported around 11.40pm. \"She was declared brought dead at hospital. We have recorded the statements of both parties and, on her sister's complaint, registered a case of murder and dowry harassment against her husband and his family. An inquiry by the sub-divisional magistrate has been ordered,\" said a senior police officer.Farzana got married to Javed one and a half years ago and had a three-month-old baby. Her sister Tahira, who was staying with her, told cops that Farzana was depressed as her in-laws used to torture her.In another incident, a 22-year-old woman was found hanging from ceiling at her residence in Nazafgadh, police said. She has been identified as Ritu from Nangli village. The incident came to light on Saturday morning when her husband's family informed Ritu's parents about the incident.A inquiry by SDM has been ordered after the deceased's family alleged that she was being harassed for dowry. \"A case under appropriate section has been registered,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015717", "title": "Gali charges CBI with having 'selective approach'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy on Saturday charged the CBI with selective in its approach to investigation into the illegal mining case.Arguing his bail case, senior counsel Uma Maheswar Rao told the court that though both OMC and BIOP companies were made accused entities in the case, the CBI was probing only the role of the former.Though Ali Khan, the PA of Gali was not made an accused in the FIR, he was shown as absconder in the beginning, Gali's counsel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13015143", "title": "Mumbai face Chennai on unpredictable track", "text": "MUMBAI: Team Chennai finally got a taste of victory after being kept in abeyance by bad weather, Team Punjab and then Team Kolkata. They fought out of a string of defeats at home to spruce up their IPL campaign with a 10-run win over Team Hyderabad.It's Mumbai next for MS Dhoni's men and thank God the defending champions won't blow a fuse over a pesky Chepauk wicket. Wankhede is MS Dhoni's favourite hunting ground and, hopefully, the Chennai skipper will carry on from where he was shunted off by Daniel Christian on Friday.On paper, both Mumbai and Chennai look formidable though the former drew first blood with an eight-wicket victory in the tournament opener in Chennai. Both teams are separated by one point, and the winner in Mumbai will have a definite advantage moving into the business end of the tournament.For Mumbai, the man to watch out for would be Chennai's destructive South African opener Faf du Plessis. He can collar anyone out of the park with his effortless hits. Only a handful of batsmen in this year's IPL have shown such terrific hand-eye co-ordination to get under the ball so swiftly and smack it hard.His innings (42 off 35 balls) on Friday propelled Chennai into a zone from where it became easier for others to play their shots. The trick would be to slow him down and this is where the likes of Harbhajan Singh and Pragyan Ojha would come into play.But all's not gung-ho about Chennai's batting. Murali Vijay has struggled opening the batting and the middle-order, too, has wilted against quality bowling. Suresh Raina has not been amongst runs this IPL. Hopefully, the 24-ball 32 against Hyderabad will help to get his mojo back.Mumbai batsmen, too, have performed like unpredictable firecrackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13014696", "title": "Licences of 24 private foster homes revoked for violations", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has started cracking the whip on privately-run foster homes in Maharashtra after an enquiry into their condition revealed that a large number of them were violating child care norms. The state child development department has revoked the licenses of 24 foster homes in the last two months.Similar action is on the cards against at least 125 others, state officials said.Maharashtra has 1,048 privately-run foster homes. These homes receive regular grants from the government, including Rs 635 per child per month for the basic needs of the children, and Rs 315 towards administrative expenses. During surprise raids conducted at 600 such homes, the department found that 559 among these had violated norms. The department also found that some of these foster homes were not even serving the children regular meals.As per the norms, foster homes are required to provide two meals and breakfast to children daily (the food must meet their dietary requirements) and sweets once a week. During inspection, the department found out that these guidelines were not being followed in some places. Other violations included sub-standard food, inadequate toilet facilities, recreation spaces and lack of proper bedding arrangements.Out of the 559 erring foster homes, serious violations were found in 287 cases. Forty were yet to commence operations. At some places, instances of children being admitted without prior consent of the local child welfare committee, which is an illegal practise, were noticed.After issuing showcause notices to the 287 homes, the department has now begun taking action against those yet to fall in line. Sources said that licenses of over 150 homes could be revoked. Women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad has reportedly instructed the department not to bow to any pressure over the action being taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014493", "title": "Yoga improves sleep reveals study by yoga manual, psychiatrists", "text": "NAGPUR: Those suffering from sleeplessness may find yoga more helpful than medicines. A study by the city-based Janardan Swami Yogabhyasi Mandal and Indian Psychiatric Society (IPS)'s Nagpur branch has brought to light several encouraging links between practicing yoga and improving one's sleep pattern.Fifty participants of the study, aged between 28 to 71 years, had attended a two-month long camp that aimed to heal insomnia through yoga therapy. It entailed the expertise of the eminent practitioners of the ancient discipline as well as some of the well known psychiatrists who assessed the condition of the campers on a regular basis. It was found that the participants had shown a remarkable improvement in the quality and quantity of sleep, with all of them experiencing a better sense of well-being as well.\"The camp comprised a session including some of the asanas along with shuddhikriya and meditation under the guidance of the secretary of the manual Ram Khandwe. The team of psychiatrists evaluated their sleep on the Pittsburg rating scale and found a considerable improvement in terms of factors like duration of sleep, disturbances during sleep and time taken to fall asleep among others,\" said Dr Dinesh Bapat, a physician and a senior teacher in the manual.The assessment of the study is still in its preliminary stage but is quite encouraging according to the doctors. \"All of the patients have benefited in some way or the other. Some have even given up the medicines they were dependant on for falling to sleep earlier,\" said psychiatrist Dr Avinash Joshi, who was leading the research team from IPS. He insisted that those with milder problems related to sleep may think of yoga as the treatment of choice unless it is not the offshoot of some other psychiatric or neurotic problem.\"Many of the participants have reported benefits like losing dependency of medicines, increased duration of sleep and reduction in the sleep latency period (the time between going to bed to actually falling asleep) among other benefits,\" informed renowned psychiatrist Dr Sudhir Bhave who was also one of the researchers in the study. He said that though the benefits seen by the study have been promising, the results need to be assessed further to be completely sure of the efficacy of the therapy that has long been hailed.Dr Joshi revealed that many of the patients reported an improvement in the general sense of well being with reduced drowsiness in daytime and even relief from joint pains. He, however, warned that the study should not make people think of yoga as a panacea for all ills.IMPROVEMENTSThe time between going to bed and sleeping (latency period) reduced by more than half from an average 76 minutes to 28 minutesLessening of disturbances during sleep, tossing in bed, nightmaresDuration of sleep increased by half an hour to one and a half hours among participantsReduced or no dependency on medicines for inducing sleepGetting better quality (deeper and more peaceful) sleep", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016559", "title": "Railways plans subways at unmanned crossings", "text": "PATNA: Railways has planned to construct subways at its unmanned crossings on Patna-Gaya and Rajgir-Bakhtiarpur sections under Danapur division of East Central Railways (ECR). The decision has been taken after a mishap at an illegal crossing at Mahauli halt near Punpun on Patna-Gaya section on May 2.Eighty out of the 328 railway crossings under Danapur division are unmanned and illegal, posing risk to people while negotiating these gates.According to Danapur divisional railway manager (DRM), L M Jha, the ECR GM had held a high-level meeting with the state chief secretary on March 3 last to discuss the problem of illegal crossings under the division. Despite assurances, the administration did not take any step either to remove illegal crossing gates or cooperate with railways in dismantling them, he said, adding that railways kept on reminding the government officials concerned about the danger people were facing while crossing these unauthorized gates on different sections under the division.The Patna-Gaya (PG) section is the most vulnerable one under Danapur division. There are 38 such gates all along the section. \"Railways is mulling to build subways at a few places,\" Jha said.According to the DRM, though the speed limit on the PG section is about 100km per hour, railways is forced to run passenger trains at 30km per hour due to these illegal and unauthorized crossings. Unaware of railway safety rules, villagers create paths over the tracks, he said.According to Danapur rail division PRO, R K Singh, railways has already submitted a list of such illegal and unauthorized crossings under the division to state administration. They include Patna district (13), Jehanabad district (14), Gaya (21), Nawada (20), Nalanda (10) and Sheikhpura (two). The villagers have built concrete roads at a few places near tracks, making it difficult for railways to run passenger trains safely, he said, adding that railways has also put its staff, including loco pilots, on alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13016075", "title": "Small firms to boost second information technology wave", "text": "KOLKATA: Nasscom, the trade association for information technology (IT) in India, feels that a second IT wave in the country is on the anvil and that small and medium enterprises (SMEs) will play a key role in bringing about the change.\"They (SMEs) need to be promoted. It is important to recognize the new phenomenon of startups. The Centre and the states have to think of a platform that will give a big fillip to smaller companies. We need to build an entrepreneurial eco-system,\" Rajendra S Pawar, past chairman of Nasscom and NIIT chairman, said on the sidelines of an event organized by Nasscom on Saturday.He said the Software Technology Parks of India (STPI) schemes have helped many software companies grow. Similarly, it would be beneficial if the government provides infrastructure and other facilities to SMEs in the IT sector.According to Pawar, the domestic market in India is growing and e-governance programmes by various state governments and the Centre is reaching a critical point. He emphasized that these e-governance schemes would provide a massive opportunity for IT companies.\"In the last one year, the domestic market has grown 2-3% higher than the global market. Domestic opportunity in India has just opened up and has massive headroom,\" Pawar said.Talking about IT companies and the economic slump in the US and the Eurozone, Pawar said the Indian IT companies are now looking more towards markets in the East, south and southeast Asian countries. \"Geographically, Indian companies have actually diversified and it was a proactive diversification,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13017227", "title": "Illegal structures razed at Express Road", "text": "KANPUR: Amid protests by locals and vendors, a squad of the Kanpur Municipal Corporation removed illegal structures at Express Road on Saturday. The vendors pelted stones at the anti-encroachment squad and alleged they were not given any time to remove their goods.\"The KMC demolished extensions of residences where vendors used to sell 'chaat' and sweets.We paid tax to the civic officials yet they uprooted us,\" rued Shanti, a resident of Express Road.Some poor people had built their hutments on the pavement. Locals alleged the KMC officials did not give the residents time to even remove their belongings from the extensions which were demolished. As a result, the furniture, raw material and rooms constructed as part of the extensions was damaged.Even after several requests, the KMC officials continued razing the structures. As per the data provided by the civic body, 19 extended plateforms, 12 hutments and 13 make-shift structures were removed during the anti-encroachment drive. This drive was also carried towards Ghantaghar but the street vendors had left the place by then.Local traders, however, continued to oppose the drive calling it illegal. \"This business is the only source of our earning. Municipal corporation should think about us,\" said Deepu, a vendor at Express Road demanding that civic body should provide them an alternate place to shift their business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13015335", "title": "Minister's kin shot at in Gwalior", "text": "BHOPAL: Hira Singh Kushwaha, 41, a relative of Madhya Pradesh minister of state for home Narayan Singh Kushwaha, was shot at and injured by two unidentified youth at Tripti Nagar in Gwalior district, police said.The two accused reportedly came to meet Kushwaha on a red-coloured motorbike after talking to him over phone in the Sikander Kampu area. One of them shot at him and fled. The bullet pierced Kushwaha's stomach.The victim is the husband of minister's niece, police said adding that a hunt has been launched to identify the accused and arrest them. Kushwaha in involved with the real estate business. Police are going through his hone records to identify and nab the accused.After the incident, Kushwaha has been admitted to an intensive care unit ( ICU) of Sahara hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13015485", "title": "Consumer forum asks electricity distribution body to pay Rs 2 lakh to farmer", "text": "NASHIK: In a landmark judgment, the consumers' grievances redressal forum has directed MSEDCL to pay Rs 2 lakh to a farmer for not restoring power supply within the stipulated time span.The incident occurred in April 2009, when power supply to Jagdish Gadkari's farm at Shivnai village near Ambe Dindori was snapped while the irrigation department was carrying out some work. Gadkari had an agricultural power connection.Gadkari registered a formal complaint with the irrigation department on November 12, 2009 and also notified MSEDCL. But power was restored only in May 2010.\"Though the power supply was disrupted because of action of irrigation department, the company cannot disown its responsibility in the case as the consumer has notified the company about it. The MSEDCL failed to restore power supply to the consumer in stipulated time-span as per the SOP (standard operating procedure) and hence, the company is liable to compensate the farmer for Rs 50 per hour from the November 13, 2009 till May 2010, when power was restored,\" the consumer forum said in its judgment.\"I had orally told the power company and irrigation department but both kept on passing the buck. I then filed a complaint with the Irrigation department and notified the MSEDCL about it,\" Gadkari claimed.He also filed a complaint with the internal grievances rederessal forum (IGRF), which failed to satisfy him and hence, filed a complaint with the consumer forum. After hearing the complainant and the respondent, the consumer forum noted that the company had failed to respond to any charge made by the complainant.\"It is observed that the complaint by the farmer was not attended to in the stipulated time of 24 hours-as per the SOP. Hence, the company is liable to compensate the farmer,\" the forum said., adding that the consumer in his complaint had also pointed out that the company was liable to compensate him for the period of power failure.On fixing responsibility of the penalty, the forum said it cannot order any such recovery from any employee or officer's payment. The forum has also taken note of the fact that the consumer's complaint about company issuing bills based on faulty meter-reading process from April 2009 to October 2011. \"The consumer is also liable for compensation from the company that includes Rs 100 for the first month and Rs 200 per month for next 29 months, amounting to Rs 5,900,\" the consumer forum said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13015986", "title": "Government does nothing to take over Officers' Club", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as the government stand on Golf Club is inviting criticism from various quarters, laxity on the part of the Revenue Department has been delaying the attachment of a prime property leased out to Officer's Club at Vellayambalam, despite a high court order.The club is still in possession of the property though the lease period has expired. The club has defaulted in paying the lease amount too. The high court, on April 3 this year, ruled in favour of the government on a writ petition filed by club office-bearers challenging the government decision to hike the lease rates.Twenty two cents of land along with the building was leased out to the Officer's Club for ten years in 1996.The lease rate was fixed as Rs 4,050 per year, and the total land value was fixed at Rs 16,50,000 (at Rs 75,000 per cent of land).Later, when the Rules of Assignment of Land in Municipal and Corporation areas came into force, the government decided to revise the lease rates as according to the new rules, the club was supposed to pay 10% of the market value of the land, which was also revised. It was hiked from the originally estimated Rs 75,000 to Rs 2,00,000 per cent.The club challenged the government decision in the high court, but it turned out to be counterproductive.\"It is atrocious that a building and land belonging to the government - people of Kerala - has been leased out to a club for a rent of Rs 4,050 per year, whereas government buildings are functioning in buildings taken on rent of thousands of rupees per month. It is necessary that this rent agreement shall necessarily be reviewed because it is too paltry an amount,\" the court had observed.Taking cognizance of the judgment, the government fixed the land value at Rs 2,00,000 per cent and fixed the lease amount at 10% of the total land value. It also asked the club to pay the arrears since 1996.The club appealed the decision in the high court, but the court ruled in favour of the government as none appeared in the court from the Club's side.The lease period expired in 2006. A notice was served on the club asking it to vacate the property within 48 hours. But the government action ended there, and it has made no move to take back the property.The high court, on April 3 this year had ruled in favour of the government on a writ petition filed by club office-bearers challenging the government decision to hike the lease rates", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13016946", "title": "Freedom fighters feted for heroics", "text": "MANGALORE: Freedom fighters of Dakshina Kannada district were felicitated during the birth centenary celebrations of freedom fighter Barrister Attavar Yellappa at Town Hall here on Saturday.Veteran freedom fighters Dr Ammembala Balappa, Sheshappa Ullal, Sadashiva, Krishna Gatti Someshwar, Hemnath Ullal, Aithappa Shettigar and Damodar Uchila were honoured under the aegis of Freedom Fighter Barrister Attavar Yellappa Birth Centenary Committee on the occasion.RSS Dakshina Madhya Kshetriya Samparka Pramukh Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat inaugurating the programme said it is apt to remember freedom fighter Barrister Attavar Yellappa, who in his young age dedicated his life for the nation. \"Barrister Attavar Yellappa could have earned handful of money if he had decided to continue practice, but his love for the nation made him a patriot and served for the nation,\" he said .\"Hundreds of Indians joined hands and fought for the freedom of the nation during the British era and India became free. Our nation could have been made corruption-free if lakhs of Indians had launched another agitation against corruption too, Bhat said. Mangalore MLA UT Khader said that nation should salute freedom fighters like Barrister Attavar Yellappa who fought for the nation. A book on life and history of Barrister Attavar Yellappa was released on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014431", "title": "3 govt hospitals tense over derecognition rumours", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as rumours of derecognition of three medical colleges in the state, including the city's Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), by the Medical Council of India (MCI) continue to haunt the deans of the colleges, top sources related to the medical colleges are hopeful that the academic council of MCI will give a conditional go ahead for renewal of undergraduate courses in the colleges.Sources in the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) and the medical education ministry told TOI that though the deans of GMC Yavatmal and GMC Ambejogai came to know of the proposed move against the three medical colleges from some MCI members who took the decision, the likelihood of the derecognition was less.The issue of derecognition was raised in the meeting as these colleges did not meet the overall norms necessary for the five-year renewal necessary for every government college by MCI. DMER sources said that the worried deans raised the issue at Mumbai in a meeting with medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit on Saturday. The minister however is learnt to have decided to tackle the issue in right perspective only after a formal communication reaches the DMER or the colleges.\"The decision will be anyway reviewed by the academic council of MCI. I am sure that the issue will be resolved in favour of the colleges as the MCI has already proposed to grant three months to the colleges,\" a source told TOI.However the rumours have already shaken the colleges. \"Why does it always happen with colleges in Vidarbha. IGGMC has been getting conditional approval from the last 12 years. GMCH Nagpur is one of the best colleges in the state. It has all the required infrastructure, staff and equipment,\" said a senior GMCH teacher.MCI last inspected the GMCH on August 29-30 last year as part of the routine inspections conducted by the council in state. But the issue of recognition goes back to 2009 when the MCI team conducted the inspection of five years renewal on November 13-14. The council found a 12% deficiency in teaching staff and 35% deficiency of senior resident doctors as per letter dated February 19, 2010. The college responded by sending a compliance on March 5. The MCI replied saying it didn't receive anything and, hence, the college sent another compliance letter on December 16 2010. It is still awaiting a clearance from MCI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016452", "title": "Bus goes on a big net ride", "text": "Rekha TP loves travelling by bus. What she doesn't love is standing in a queue to book tickets. But life has become much easier for the Chennai-based software professional ever since she discovered the convenience of booking tickets online. \"I frequently travel by bus from Chennai to Madurai, where my parents live. Online bus ticket sites are a great option for people like me. The booking takes only a few minutes ; you can choose your seats, compare different bus operators and get good deals on the fares,\" she says. Not surprising then that after the success of online train and air bookings, bus ticketing is emerging as the fastest growing internet travel segment.In the past few years, almost 20 pureplay online bus ticketing sites have sprung up on the web. The market that they are bringing online is a highly fragmented , though untapped one, comprising some 2,000 private bus operators plus government-owned transport corporations in every state. \"The country's bus market today would be around Rs 15,000 crore,\" says Keyur Joshi, COO of travel portal Makemytrip.com, which acquired one of the first players in the sector, Ticketvala.com in 2010. \"The market has a robust growth outlook, since buses play a dominant role in India's roadways segment, which transports more passengers per day than railways and air.\"The potential is there but so are the challenges. Primary among these is the dispersed and unorganised nature of the sector , which relies on a network of agents and sub-agents for bookings. This makes it difficult to bring the booking mechanism onto a seamlessly integrated platform. Which is why, despite the mushrooming of ticketing sites, only a few have really tasted profits . The most successful of these, according to analysts, is the Bangalore-based Redbus. Started by three friends from BITS Pilani (after one of the founders failed to get a bus seat to go home on the eve of Diwali), the site has built up a database of almost 800 bus operators and has finished the last financial year with gross bookings of a little over Rs 300 crore. \"A major reason for Redbus's success is that they have been consumer-centric and focused on sales rather than trying to automate the operations of bus operators,\" says Parag Dhol, managing director of Inventus Capital Partners, a venture capital firm that has invested in the site.\"Automating the operations of bus operators\" is a strategy that most ticketing sites, including Redbus, started out with. It essentially involved getting operators to use booking softwares to manage their seat availability. The rationale was that once the backend from the operator's side was streamlined and digitised, they could aggregate all the information and put it up for consumers. But this scheme had a flaw. \"We soon realised that most bus operators had a huge resistance to change. They were willing to forego the benefits that technology offered rather than invest in a new system,\" says Phanindra Sama, CEO of Redbus and the guy who had the eureka moment of starting the site after he failed to get a bus seat.It required another eureka moment to get out of the logjam. Sama and his team had one when they decided to shift focus from the bus operator to the end user. The move paid off. By blocking a few seats in each bus and uploading the information on their website for consumers, they slowly created a dedicated user-base , which was willing to buy tickets off the internet. \"When operators saw sales happening, they became interested in automating their operations as well,\" says Sama.Bus operators who have gone online are happy with the change, especially since the colour of their balance sheets has changed as well - in many cases from red to black. They are now able to track the number of seats sold and get payments on time - a welcome change from the manual process when many of them were losing money because their agents and sub-agents were either not paying up or under-reporting the number of seats sold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13017233", "title": "New immunization plan from May 26-August 26", "text": "KANPUR: An innovative Intensified Routine Immunization (IRI) programme is set to begin in as many as six districts of the region from May 26 to August 26. This comes in view of the fact that the state recorded an average percentage of immunization.As per the recent reports by WHO and UNICEF, UP attained only 62.90 percent immunization status. Similar is the condition in various other states also and thus India has declared 2012 as the year of IRI.Talking to TOI, Additional Director Health and Family Welfare, Dr Jai Singh, informed that all the doctors, ASHAs and ANMs participating in IRI will attend two-day orientation programme ahead of IRI launch in the state capital. The health workers, before the launch of IRI, have to prepare a chart of left-out children who will be immunized in this special IRI. The programme is supported by the WHO and the UNICEF improving immunization levels in countries in south-east Asia.\"We are targeting to achieve 80 percent immunization status through the Intensifies Routine Immunization programme. This will also be helpful in controlling neo-natal deaths in the region which includes polio resistance as well. The places where this IRI will be launched includes Kanpur Nagar, Kanpur Dehat, Aurraiyya, Farrukhabad, Kannauj and Etwah,\" said Dr Jai Singh.He added that Immunization is done for seven vaccines and diseases which include diphtheria, pertussis and tetanus (DPT) along with measles and BCG. The Intensified Immunization Programme has been expanded with three doses of polio, hepatitis B and the five-in-one pentavalent vaccinations as well. While, Japanese Encephalitis (JE) vaccines are once again excluded from this IRI programme.\"To ensure that every child gets basic immunization, ASHAs, ANMs and block level workers are identifying the children in the allotted region. Special teams have been conducted to identify the left-out children in high-reach areas as well. The heads of villages will certify the list prepared by the health workers to ensure maximum immunization status,\" said AD health and family welfare further.Importantly, there are nearly 3.51 lakh children in the region below the age of one year who must get all these basic vaccines. The number of children below the age of one year in Kanpur (urban) is 1.24 lakh, while the number of children below the age of one year in Kanpur (Rural) is 49,000. The children below the age of one year in Aurraiya and Etwah are 1.37 lakh and 43,000 respectively. While, the number of children to be immunized in Farrukhabad is 51.000 and in Kannauj it is 45,000.This time special focus will be laid on mobile populations, which includes children of labourers and daily-wage workers who keep shifting in search of work. Extra workforce will be deployed at the places where heath workers are less. While, door-to-door immunization will be done in fur days a week. In the left two days (Wednesday and Saturday), Routine Immunization Programme will be carried out as usual in all the hospitals and health care centers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "13020907", "title": "I have valid NOC to play in Dhaka League: Yousuf", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan's former captain and senior batsman Mohammad Yousuf on Sunday asserted that he has a valid No Objection Certificate to play in the Dhaka League, putting to rest the confusion that was created by some of his own statements.Yousuf was reportedly being investigated by the Bangladesh intelligence agencies for allegedly submitting a fake clearance letter to play in the Dhaka league.The Bangladesh Cricket Board apparently handed over the matter to the intelligence agencies after Yousuf appeared for the Victoria Sporting Club in the league against Abhani club on March 28.Abhani had claimed that the NOC submitted by Yousuf on behalf of his previous Mohammedan Club was fake and fraud but the senior batsman denied this.\"The quote has created some misunderstanding as it gave an impression that Victoria gave me the clearance without the consent of my previous club Mohammedan. In fact I was given the NOC by Mr Lutfur Rahman Badal when I was playing for Mohammedan,\" Yousuf said in a statement.\"Mr Badal was the then cricket committee chairman of Mohammedan but now he is the chairman of Victoria's Governing body. I hope it will remove any confusion that was created by my comments,\" he added.Yousuf had earlier stated that he had no role to play in the whole issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13017277", "title": "Water crisis at Cantonment railway station", "text": "VARANASI: After struggling to regulate the heavy rush of passengers in the peak summer season, the water crisis at Cantonment railway station has started giving nightmares to railway authorities. Interestingly, while the wastage of water from leakages in the pipes and taps are apparent at the station, scenes of water taps going dry are adding to the woes of passengers in the scorching heat.When TOI visited one of the busiest railway stations on Saturday, a long queue of passengers boarding the long distance trains (mainly north bound trains) were found to be jostling for filling empty bottles at their disposal. While the water was barely coming out from a number of taps at platform one, two, three, five, six and nine, a number of water connection points were also without water taps, contributing to the wastage of water in the vicinity. The gravity of the situation could be gauged from the fact that a number of children (mostly rag pickers engaged in collecting empty and used bottles at the station) were selling these bottles after refilling them with water to the thirsty passengers.When station manager, AK Pandey was contacted, he said that the summer season has started to take toll on water supply but efforts are on to strengthen them especially in the station premises. The chilled water plants at platform one has been functional for the last one month, and repairing leakages in the water pipes and making new water tap connection is being done on priority basis. Similarly, drive has been also launched against unauthorised vendors and vigil is being made on sale of packaged water in used plastic bottles, he added on the occasion.As per reports of Cantonment station office, the station premises require nearly nine million litres per day (mld), which is supplied from four water reservoirs (overhead tanks) erected near the station. In addition, due to leakages in the water supply pipelines, nearly 10 per cent (0.9 mld) of water gets wasted per day. If it is not enough, the unattended and overflowing water taps also contribute to wastage of water at the platforms, enough to reduce the flow of water supply from the other taps erected at various platforms at the station.Besides, hectic rush of passengers in the summer season, the station premises also face the challenge of filling water in the bathrooms, toilets and pantry-car of long distance trains. In addition, water is also required for cleaning purpose in long distance trains that originate and terminate at the station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13022564", "title": "Rabindranath Tagore's works among Mamata's gifts for Hillary", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee will gift visiting US secretary of state Hillary Clinton Rabindranath Tagore's Gitanjali and Gitabitan, and the collected works of Swami Vivekananda during a meeting with her on Monday.Mamata told PTI that the collected works of Swamiji had been brought from Belur Math.A scarf brought from Santiniketan will also be presented to the visiting former US first lady by the chief minister.A meeting has been slated between Mamata Banerjee and Clinton at the Writers' Buildings, the state secretariat, at 11 am tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016915", "title": "Coming crisis: growth woes may shrink job market", "text": "The Indian economy is one of the most boring topics to write on. Most would prefer a column on Sachin's RS nomination or who could be the next president. And yet, the situation is worrisome. The economic stats that matter are not good.The government is behaving like a drunken husband who borrows to buy liquor. In simple terms, imagine a middle-class man who earns Rs 10,000 per month. His house needs urgent repairs. He also has past debts to clear. Thus, every month he has to pay Rs 3,000 as interest. He lives well and spends Rs 12,000 as living costs. He spends Rs 2,000 on urgent repairs, but needs a lot more to fix the house.Thus, his overall spend is Rs 17,000 compared to his income of Rs 10,000. To fill the gap, he borrows Rs 7,000 every month (thus increasing his total debt and the next month's interest). He doesn't have the money to educate his kids or fix the house anytime soon. Yet, he calls himself an emerging superpower, shows off his spending power and ability to launch missiles. What would you call such a man? An economic powerhouse? Or will you call him irresponsible, unaccountable and deluded?Well, the above example is that of our government finances. This is roughly how the government accounts look, except that the 'Rs 10,000 a month income' happens to be around Rs 9.5 lakh crore per annum, the net Central government receipts. In addition to this, the government plans to borrow Rs 5.5 lakh crore this year, and spend a total of Rs 15 lakh crore to keep itself going. This public debt keeps rising. Like a debt trap, interest costs balloon, and that in turn requires more borrowing. In fact, compared to two years ago, government debt is higher by 37%, rising much faster than the GDP.What is the government doing? It is splurging money to please voters and has no intention of keeping the country's finances healthy. It isn't corruption technically, but it is ruining the nation's accounts. At the same time, the government is hesitant to raise revenue through divestments, land sales or proper mining policies.Sadly, few Indians care. Many of us actually believe all this somehow doesn't affect our own lives. Government finances are too complicated and distant to bother us.And yet, we are entering the danger zone. Interest rates and borrowing costs have zoomed up. Most private businesses today are unable to borrow below 15% per annum. They are not making big growth plans anymore. Inflation is well above 10%. The rupee has collapsed 20% in the last two years. Foreign investors find our investment environment lackluster to downright hostile -with strange, illogical laws like the GAAR (general anti-avoidance rule), which allows retrospective taxation and challenge to any tax-saving policy, based on the judgment of the tax inspector. We want foreigners to give us their money and never expect a return back. They have choice of other markets, and are running away. The rating agency warnings are not helping either.To scoop out more money, the government is hurting everyone with additional service taxes, airport cesses, new taxes for the hospitality industry. It is like suffocating an already sick hen that barely lays eggs.What does all this mean? Our GDP growth has slowed down, from the 8% zone to the 5% zone. And that will have a dramatic effect on new jobs. Indians grumble but ultimately accept, even expect, inflation. We pardon the government for most sins. Economic mismanagement is the least of them. However, there is one problem Indians haven't faced en masse as yet- a widespread job crisis.GDP growth is one of the best predictors of' new jobs', something our country badly needs given the population pyramid. The number of youngsters requiring a decent job is set to rise. The only way to deliver these aspirations is strong GDP growth. However, we are becoming worse every quarter.In the next five years, we might witness a full-blown job crisis. That will mean tremendous pain for unemployed but talented people, and cause a lot of instability in the country. Unemployment , after all, is the biggest cause of revolutions.The solution is reform. We should stop debating reforms and embrace a proper market economy. We need fair rules and no government bullying. Our media has to point out the nature of the crisis in front of us, rather than waste time on pointless political issues. Finally, we citizens have to focus on what is important, and not on personalities, communal/caste issues or on symbolisms thrown at us by the government. The people in charge are bankrupting us. Please stop them from doing so. Or, the next person without a job could be from your house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13017211", "title": "Govt to expedite work on industrial corridor", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Following the SP government's decision to put the ambitious Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) project on its priority list, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Development Cooperation officials met senior officials of the Greater Noida Authority (GNIDA), the Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) and the Gautam Budh Nagar DM on Friday to identify the obstacles getting in the way of the project.The 1,483km corridor is proposed to start from Dadri and wind up at Jawaharlal Nehru Port in Mumbai. GNIDA's plan includes a 150km development lane to be planned according to industrial needs. The Authority plans to leave 150km land vacant on each side of the corridor for traffic. A railway freight corridor will also be constructed. Work on the project has started in earnest in the rest of the states across which the corridor runs. In Uttar Pradesh, however, the pace of work has been tardy, not least because of the opposition put up by villagers in giving land to GNIDA.However, the new state government has expressed its commitment to \"resolve all problems\" and fast-track the work. Following Friday's meeting, GNIDA CEO Rama Raman said the issues with the villagers will soon be resolved and that the state government has assured the Authority of \"complete support to sort out the problems.\"The project is being funded partly by the central government, Japanese loans, and investment by Japanese firms. A band of 150km (influence region) has been chosen on both sides of the freight corridor for development and the Dadri-Noida-Ghaziabad Investment Region is envisaged as a crucial industrial node along the same owing to its connectivity by road and rail to the rest of the country.Once DMIC is ready, freight trains will complete the 1,400km journey between Delhi and Mumbai in 17 hours. Freight trains currently take around 50 hours to travel the same distance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13022797", "title": "Hold talks on land buy, Rajagopal tells Centre", "text": "PATNA: National Land Reforms Council (NLRC) member and Ekta Parishad chairman P V Rajagopal, who has embarked on a nationwide Jan Satyagrah Samvad Yatra (JSSY) to assess and articulate popular demand on land-related matters, said on Sunday that the Centre should hold dialogue with JSSY before taking any decision on land acquisition policy issues.According to him, in line with the liberalization policy, land was being acquired indiscriminately both by government agencies and industrial investors themselves, which had resulted in displacement of people on a large scale in different parts of the country and several other consequential problems.\"Big farmers protest against land acquisition to seek higher compensation, but the poor and tribals are agitated over it because they are getting deprived of the very basis of their material and cultural existence,\" Rajagopal said, adding that 40% of the displaced people are tribals, fishermen and dalits.Rajagopal said that his JSSY would culminate in a march of around one lakh people to Delhi from Gwalior from October 2 this year to send out a clear-cut signal to the Centre that restoration of communication between the government and the affected people was the need of the hour, and any unilateral decision regarding framing of land acquisition policy would amount to violation of human rights, leading to unsavoury fallouts.Asked if Ekta Parishad could decide to enter electoral fray during the 2014 parliamentary elections, Rajagopal said, \"At present, I cannot say anything on it. But whatever happens after our march to Delhi from Gwalior later this year and the outcome of the talks with the Centre on the solution to our demands would decide our future course of action. Basically, we are questioning the developmental process that has started after liberalization of our country's economy.\"Rajagopal said that a five-member committee, including former senior police official from Bihar, Ram Chandra Khan, Bihar Khadi Gramodyog Board chairman Tripurari Sharan and a Patna high court lawyer, has been set up to probe into the detention and deportation of French nationals from Nawada in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13015521", "title": "2 Home Guards thrashed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Barely a fortnight after two incidents of thrashing of cops by occupants of BMW cars, two home guards of Chandigarh Police were abused, threatened and thrashed in full public view on Friday night. The two incidents were reported in Sector 36 market and in Sector 52, around 9pm.In the first incident, four occupants of a Tata Safari bearing a Chandigarh number, started teasing some girls in Sector 36. When Home Guard Sukhbir Singh tried to stop them, one of them threw a blunt object at him, injuring him. Sources said though SUV was stopped, but four youths managed to escape after thrashing Sukhbir Singh. Before escaping, they also ran their SUV into him, hurting him again. Sukhbir Singh was admitted at GMCH-32, and his condition is stated to be stable. Preliminary probe revealed that the SUV is being used by a resident of Kharar.The second incident was reported near Transit Camp, when some people in a Maruti car started throwing stones at vehicles. When home guard Satish Kumar tried to stop them, four youths caught and thrashed him. The assailants - Banti, Arjun, Rahul, Mogli, and others - also tore Satish Kumar's uniform.Police have registered two cases and have started investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13016425", "title": "Aamir Khan effect: Fishermen on cloud nine", "text": "KOCHI: A group of fishermen in Fort Kochi is on cloud nine. They will be seen along with actor Aamir Khan in the latter's television debut 'Satayamev Jayate' which will be aired from Sunday.The title song of the programme to be aired in 100 countries and eight languages has the visuals of these fishermen pulling Chinese net along with the Bollywood superstar.The fishermen are eagerly waiting for Sunday when the programme will hit the mini-screen. \"We will surely watch the programme. We are proud to appear on the screen along with such a great actor,\" says Zacharia of Valiyakath, Fort Kochi.\"It's the most memorable moment in my life. Aamir Khan spoke to us, drawing us close to him. We have seen many actors. But Aamir is so loving and down-to-earth,\" Sandyav, another fisherman in the team says.\"He asked us our names. Then we staged a demo of how the Chinese net functions. When we got a catch, of some tiger fish, he was wonderstruck,\" Sandyav said.It was Nawas Cochin of Crowd Media who helped Aamir arrange the facilities for shooting at Fort Kochi.\"Even his arrival was unexpected. Nawas Cochin told us about the shooting only half-an-hour before the event. When he reached the beach around 5.30pm, we couldn't believe it. It took a few minutes to sink in,\" Sandyav says. Manaf, James and Shaiju are the other fishermen who participated in the programme.When Aamir arrived at Fort Kochi, children shouted slogans in support of the actor. \"Soon after arriving in Fort Kochi, he joined us for a coffee. Only then did he go to the location,\" said Nawas Cochin.In February this year, Aamir and his crew had visited Kerala for filming parts of the title song of 'Satyamev Jayate' a television programme depicting real life incidents across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13014891", "title": "Illegal quarry raided at Pernem", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of mines and geology on Saturday conducted a raid on a stone quarry at Tulaskarwadi-Pernem for illegal extraction of laterite stones on land acquired for the proposed Greenfield airport at Mopa and detained vehicles involved in transportation of the same.Sources said that this quarry is situated on the proposed approach road for the Greenfield international airport at Mopa. This is the second incident where illegal extraction of laterite stones has been carried out on government property.Sources said that the mines department had received a complaint from a local resident that during the evening, some people were involved in extraction of laterite stone from government property at Tulaskarwadi.\"Based on the complaint, the mining department team on Saturday visited the site and vehicles were detained which are now handed over to Pernem police,\" said sources.Sources said, as it was dark in the evening, workers ran away from the site and they hid the machinery used for extraction purpose. Sources also said that the area on which extraction of laterite stone was being carried out was around 20,000 sq m in area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015210", "title": "Paper-setting to get more stringent at Gujarat University", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi announced on Saturday that papers of the commerce faculty will be set by mixing questions of three different papers. The step has been taken to avoid incidents like that of the third year BCom's business statistics paper where it came to light that several questions had been copied from a private publication's booklet. In the 70 marks paper, questions carrying 48 marks were copied from the booklet, sources said.Trivedi said, \"We have decided to strictly avoid appointment of teachers as paper setters who have association with private publications. We are also considering to completely avoid professors associated with private publications in any examination work,\" said the VC.The question paper was prepared by the dean of GU's commerce faculty N D Shah and a professor from Devgadh Baria commerce colleges. A group of 20 teachers had met the GU VC on Saturday representing the case of Shah. The teachers said that these incidents were not new and that Shah should be held guilty for the same.Trivedi is reported to have told the teachers that names and even the figures of the problems were not changed. \"These are the basics which paper setters should have kept in mind\", Trivedi is reported to have told.Shah had earlier defended the replication of questions saying that there is nothing new if there is repetition. It is very difficult to change the figures in the set problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13016170", "title": "IIT Kharagpur gets 8 new departments for birthday", "text": "KOLKATA: Think tomorrow; think IIT Kharagpur. This should have been the slogan of this oldest tech school in the IIT chain. IIT Kharagpur that will turn 60 this August has already chalkedout a list of pioneering programmes for the years.The charter has been sent to the union ministry of human resources development and as things stand, the institute is slated to get a slew of enviable grants to establish at least eight new tech departments or schools and several next-generation laboratories to support research that has never been tried anywhere in the country before. The idea is to help India become tech independent and reduce its dependence on foreign designs and chips as is the case today. The dossier mentions that there would be a new laboratory complex that will house all these state-of-the-art laboratories.Energy Science and Engineering DepartmentIt is common knowledge that fossil fuels comprise about 80% of our energy needs and that the reserves are depleting fast. Naturally, the demand for research on alternative fuels is high on the national agenda. IIT Kharagpur has taken up the cause and has expressed desire to set up a department for energy science and engineering where the focus will be on energy resources and recovery, conversion systems, energy materials, transportation, energy efficient design of buildings, energy bi-product recycling and finally rural and small-scale energy.The research activity will be interdisciplinary in nature and will spread across departments like physics, geology, geophysics and core-engineering departments like mechanical, electrical, chemical, mining, biotechnology and agricultural engineering etc. The institute has ambitious plans of inventing and patenting a bio-fuel that will both be cost effective and cheap for vehicular use. It has also planned some technological breakthrough in the field of nuclear power engineering, thermal engineering and non-conventional energy engineering.Biosciences DepartmentThe institute has been focusing on bioscience-based research for sometime now and has been consistently breaking grounds in biotechnology, bioinformatics and genetic engineering. However, this is the first time that biosciences as a department will be introduced in the institute to act as an interface between engineering and biological studies. This department will become extremely important when the Parliament by an act allows the institute to set up a school on medical technology soon.Incidentally, IIT Kharagpur will become the first tech school in the country to also teach medical technology. Right from drug designing to inventing technologies where effects of drugs would be limited only to the affected cells or, in other words, removing side effects of drugs, the biosciences department will primarily focus on improving the average health on the people.Engineering EntrepreneurshipDespite being armed with a world class B Tech degree, most students from the institute queue up for placements. This defeats the very purpose of their rigorous training. The institute would start an integrated programme on engineering entrepreneurship, whereby after completion of B Tech, a student automatically will move on to pursue two years of entrepreneurship training and complete his masters. During this time, the student will be mentored to start his own engineering unit and float his own company with seed money given by the institute.Environmental Engineering DepartmentThis department will look at ecological renewal and pollution control be it air, water or soil. Water and waste water management, solid and hazardous waste management, including radioactive and biological waste management, will feature prominently in the research done here. Among the macro-level problems, the school is considering to focus on improvement of efficiency of the water-supply chain, total urban water use and waste water management, recycling, reuse and pricing policy, studies on an entire river basin and the design of an optimal strategy for its management.Nano science and Technology DepartmentThough Nano technology is being practised in the institute for sometime now in every engineering stream, the scope of the new school will not be limited to the traditional approaches of synthesis, characterization and exploitation of nano materials.Engineering Design and Manufacturing DepartmentThough India has made great strides in technology, but barring the IT sector, it is mostly solution oriented. For designs or engineered products, India is still heavily dependent on developed countries. The new department aims to innovate designs for all kinds of products, representing a whole range of consumer products from automobiles to telecom equipments and from computers to audio-visual equipments, to end the tech hegemony of China, Japan and Germany over us.Embedded Electronics Controls and Software DepartmentConsidering the importance of modern computerised control panels not only in automobiles as well as in aircrafts etc, the institute will set up a department where research will be conducted on control panels that will suit cars with unmatched fuel and pick up efficiency that are yet to come into the market. Though foreign automobile companies like Toyota and General Motors have set up their manufacturing units in India, there is severe dearth of trained engineers. Techies from this department will fill in the gaps. The department would also tie up with such companies so that tech solutions can be provided to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13014948", "title": "Independents' meet ruffles BJP feathers", "text": "PANAJI: The recent coming together of five independent MLAs including a cabinet minister in Fatorda, has created ripples in the political circles and the BJP seems to have been put on guard.At the initiative of Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai, all other (four) independent MLAs- Benjamin D'Silva (Velim), Naresh Sawal (Bicholim), Rohan Khaunte (Porvorim) and fisheries minister and Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado were present for the launch of a model of citizen-friendly governance called Sangatan held on May 1. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who was invited, couldn't make it.Sardesai said, \"We feel ignored and are not even considered in the scheme of things in our own constituency and we strongly believe that the mandate given in the election was not for BJP, but for Parrikar.\" He also urged the government to put a stop to \"political jingoism\" by party cadres and defeated candidates, adding that some party men wanted to keep the chief minister away from the people. \"We support Parrikar and we expect him to take us into confidence for development in our constituencies,\" was the tone at the function.The intention of the five independent MLAs may have been to remind the government that the chief minister has to take them into confidence on developmental works in their respective constituencies. All five have said that there was nothing political in it, but the BJP leadership has not ruled out the political overtones.\"Maybe, it was a sort of blessing in disguise. It has made us more careful and alert. It has given us a signal that we need to be extra cautious,\" said BJP state president and health minister Laxmikant Parsekar, when asked to comment on the development. \"Twenty one MLAs were elected on a BJP ticket in the March assembly elections. We are sure none of them will fall prey to any such mischief,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015502", "title": "New fund for city\u2019s urbanized villages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's 100-odd urbanized villages can now hope for more development. In a meeting held on Saturday afternoon, Delhi cabinet ministers proposed a separate fund for development work in these villages under the Rural Development Fund.Villages like Mehrauli, Munirka Gaon, Shahpur Jat , Hauz Khas, Katwaria Sarai, Yusuf Sarai and the like fall in the category of urbanized villages.\"In today's meeting, there was a discussion on the proposal that urbanized villages should get separate funds. They have also demanded that sale and purchase of properties should be allowed in unauthorized colonies,\" said A K Walia, urban development minister.According to sources, transport minister Arvinder Singh Lovely, PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan and labour minister Ramakant Goswami were the ones who raised the issues. The meeting, however, remained inconclusive and will continue on Tuesday.Another issue that dominated the debate was that of work in the unauthorized colonies. According to sources, most ministers want work in unauthorized colonies to start at the earliest.\"Ministers also said that the government may consider giving ownership rights to property owners living in resettlement colonies in the city. Also, the issue of regularizing the 1,200-odd unauthorized colonies was discussed in the cabinet meeting with the minister demanding that the aerial maps of 2008 should be taken into account for regularizing them instead of 2002 data,\" said a government source.On Friday, Walia had also taken up the issue with the Union minister Kamal Nath in a meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13016410", "title": "Today's supermoon is a visual treat", "text": "PUNE: The biggest and brightest full moon of 2012 will be visible on Sunday when the moon will come closest to Earth (perigee) while orbiting it.The term 'supermoon' was coined in 1979 to describe a full moon that coincides with perigee, something that happens once a year.\"The distance between Earth and the moon on Sunday will be 3,56,955 km, while the angular size of the moon will be 0.5515 degrees. The exact time of the moon, Earth and sun coming in nearly a straight line is at five minutes past nine in the night. But the moon will still look fairly large earlier in the evening when it will rise about an hour after sunset ,\" Arvind Paranjpye, director of Nehru Planetarium in Mumbai, said.It will look large on the horizon which becomes a reference point for the eye. Later in the night, when it will be among the stars, it will not appear as large.The full moon on November 28 will be the farthest in this calendar year.\"On that day, the moon will be 4, 06,349 km from Earth and its angular size will be 0.4942 degrees. Thus, the full moon on Sunday will be about 11 % bigger than the one on November 28. However, one cannot perceive this change easily with the naked eyes, especially when the two events are placed so far apart. One can take a digital image on Sunday and then take another one on November 28,\" Paranjpye said, adding that the comparison of the apparent sizes will be striking.Johannes Kepler , the 17th century astronomer discovered that the planets do not move around the sun in circular orbits, but in elliptical orbits.\"The moon also orbits the earth in an elliptical orbit. Thus, the distance of the moon from Earth changes continuously. As a result of this, the apparent size of the moon also changes in a systematic fashion,\" he said.Paranjpye added that tides are affected by the gravitational attraction of the moon and sun.\"At the time of a full moon, all three are nearly in a straight line, which is called sygyzy. As on the 'supermoon' night, the moon is rather close to Earth and in line with the sun, which affects high tides,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13015352", "title": "Fight to save school ground reaches high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The campaign to save the playground of Duruelo Convent High School at Bandra (W) from being laid with paver blocks has reached the courts with parents of ex-students as well as alumni filing a petition in the Bombay high court.According to the 11 petitioners, the Society of Duruelo Carmelites, which runs the convent, has begun work on the 2,000sq m ground for the convenience of caterers as it is rented out for marriages and commercial events. The work is being funded by local Congress MLA Baba Siddiqui.The petition states the school is known for its sports achievements and the tiling work will render the ground useless for sports activities. \"The work of putting paver blocks would be extremely dangerous to students and they would be prone to injuries,\" it adds. Parents of hockey-playing students were called and informed that the school grounds cannot be used till school reopens in the third week of June, the petition states.The petitioners say the Parent-Teacher Association was misinformed by principal Sister Dorette that the paving of the playground is in the interest of the students to prevent \"water seepage and dust allergy\". They added that despite discussions with the principal, she remained \"adamant, rude and belligerent\".The petition alleged that the society has carried out many illegal constructions without permission from the authorities concerned and thereby reduced the playing area of the ground. Despite their complaints to these authorities, no action was taken, they said. The petition blames Siddiqui and corporator Asif Zakaria, saying they are \"instrumental\" in ensuring that the BMC does not take action against the society for the illegal constructions.The petitioners have urged the court to restrain the society from laying paver blocks and preventing children from using the playground on all days of the vacation. They have also asked for constitution of a special committee headed by the \"additional chief secretary (home) or any other responsible person or the state CID (crime investigation department) to inquire into illegalities and irregularities of the society.The matter was mentioned before a division bench of Justice S J Vazifdar and Justice A R Joshi on Friday by the petitioners' advocate Dave. She urged the court to interfere saying \"if the work is not stopped, it shall cause irreparable damage\". The matter is posted for hearing on May 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13015480", "title": "Paediatric tuberculosis spreading tentacles in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "INDORE: While the state health department is battling the high rate of tuberculosis population, the spread of the disease among paediatric population is turning out to be a major concern. Nearly 15% of the state's paediatric population numbering about 90,000 children are diagnosed with TB last year. This has left the officials worried.They say that as against the national average that pegs TB cases at 7%, the state's 15% figure reflects that a high number of patients are not diagnosed.Of late, it has been observed that TB is spreading among children through schools and caretakers at affluent homes. Dr Vijay Chhajlani, District TB officer, says that middle and upper middle class families have caretakers and servants, who can be a carrier of the disease. \"TB is no more a poor man's disease and it can infect children in affluent families too if the susceptibility is high,\" he says.Specialists say that parents from affluent families refuse to accept that their child has TB as they see it as symptoms of asthma. This attitude of parents can prove to be dangerous as the infected children can spread the infection to their schoolmates easily.Health practitioners suggest that awareness among parents is crucial. They need to be told that TB can be completely cured though the treatment period is long, spanning six to eight months. Awareness about cough hygiene is equally important, say doctors. Dr Atul Kharate, a senior chest specialist says, \"Factors like crowded living areas and huge malnourishment rate are augmenting the TB risk. Timely diagnosis is important in curbing TB.\"According to an official of health department, government sponsored DOTS strategy is directed towards adults and the children are largely ignored. The state has huge shortage of skilled practitioners to diagnose the infected children. \"It is extremely difficult to diagnose tuberculosis in children, unlike in adults, and the low knowledge among many health workers about the symptoms of the disease is leading to at least 50% of the cases being missed or misdiagnosed,\" says an official.As per WHO recommendations, once an adult has been diagnosed with TB, the child's contacts should be identified and treated. But this advice is also being overlooked in Madhya Pradesh .Experts also insist that the government needs to launch a dedicated programme for children and sensitize the health workers. Dr Pramod Jhawar, a senior chest specialist said, \"To diagnose and treat patients we need to have strong manpower. If separate programme is launched for children and sensitizing health workers that it can boost the screening system.\" India ranks among the top three countries with TB in the world with every fifth TB patient hailing from India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13016183", "title": "\u2018Diagnose cancer in the initial stages\u2019", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"The incidents of cancers in the digestive system has reduced in the West,\" said Dr Jin Hong Kim C, from the department of gastroenterology, Ajou University, in S Korea. Kim C was in the city to attend an international conference organised by the GEM Hospital on 'Gastrointestinal Endoscopy' on Friday.\"This is because of the reduction in alcohol and tobacco in the countries including West,\" he added. Dr C Palanivelu, director of GEM Hospital said that incidents of gastroenterology cancer have come down due to diagnosis using endoscopy. \"Symptoms of constant stomach pain or ulcers which are persistent must be ideally checked using the endoscopy procedure,\" he said. Dr Kim said that this could help identify cancers in the initial stages and start the treatment in its early stage, preventing it from spreading it to other parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014413", "title": "'Academicians unfit to hold top Nagpur University posts'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University administration is battling with a host of problems, including a series of paper leaks and evaluation boycott by teachers, leading to pendency of over 12 lakh answer sheets. However, lower level NU officials state that among other factors, inexperience of top NU officials like registrar, finance and accounts officer (FAO) and Controller of Examinations (CoE), who hail from academic background, was also responsible for the university's problems.\"Most of the time, academicians are appointed on these important posts and it takes them at least two years to get to know the working of the system and gel with their subordinates. Due to lack of administration skills among these officials, the process is that much more laborious,\" officials said.These officials added that they would prefer persons holding posts such as deputy registrars to become registrar, FAO and CoE as they were familiar with their style of working. But, for these deputy registrars, there is no further promotion. In fact, many of have them worked at same post for many years.\"Many of us started our careers with NU and were promoted till the deputy registrar, but this is a dead end. Moreover, when the posts of registrar, FAO or CoE were filled up, we don't get any preference despite the fact that we have rich experience in administration,\" one such official said.His colleague added that all these statutory posts except BCUD director were purely administrative ones, and academicians shouldn't be appointed there as it severely affects the smooth functioning of administration. On the other hand, if existing personnel are promoted to these ranks, they will perform better and would come back to their original postings in five years. \"It will ensure that they perform honestly as they have to remain with the same institution even after leaving these statutory posts,\" they said.These officials added that they were frustrated with NU's style of functioning and have lost interest in the job. \"Ultimately, these academicians who come from outside and occupy top posts have to take our help. We really wonder as to why academicians come here despite getting fat salaries? In fact, when we are on leave, why don't the academicians replace us? They just enjoy perks and car, but hardly do justice to their job,\" they said.Criticizing the present incumbents on these posts, the officials stated that results of their inexperience were showing with series of paper leaks and bogus voting during elections of its statutory bodies. They demanded revamp in eligibility criteria of these posts and preference to them if they were eligible for applying to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13017156", "title": "Forty houses demolished by HUDA in Leisure Valley Park", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) demolished 40 illegal houses near Leisure Valley Park in Sector 29 on Saturday.The HUDA team, led by Sarvesh Joon, told the occupants to remove their valuables and then started the demolition.The occupants were given notices about the illegal occupancy of land last month. A senior official said: \"The slum dwellers had been offered alternative residences a long time ago but they continued to occupy the place,\" The demolition drive went off peacefully and the land, which is over one acre in area, has been taken over by the HUDA. Officials said that the piece of land, which is worth crores of rupees, will initially be developed as a green belt. Further changes in the land use will depend on the future requirement, said the officialHUDA is planning a month-long demolition drive against all such encroachments in their sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017356", "title": "Ajit Pawar counters Chief Minister over white paper on irrigation", "text": "PUNE: Expressing unhappiness over chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's announcement to bring out a white paper on irrigation projects in the past 10 years, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Saturday said the information spread about state irrigation is \"completely wrong and baseless,\" and the irrigation department - held by the NCP - has brought 12.47 lakh hectare new land under irrigation in the 10 years.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had promised to publish the white paper following the recent allegations by the opposition parities that no substantial additions to cultivable land have been made despite spending funds worth crores of rupees.\"The government would bring out a white paper on irrigation projects in the past 10 years, said Chavan at a symposium on 'Maharashtra: Past, Present and Future', organised on the birth centenary of former chief minister Yashwantrao Chavan at Vidhan Bhavan on Friday.\"As chief minister, he has every right to publish a white paper on any issue and we do not object his authority. But, while allegations are made against the irrigation department, I felt facts should come to the fore,\" said Ajit Pawar, at a hurriedly organised press conference at Council Hall.Pawar's party holds the irrigation portfolio in the Congress-NCP government for the last 15 years. \"The fact is that in the last 10 years, with an investment of Rs 41,000 crore, 12.47 hectare new land has been covered under irrigation. In 2001-02, the total land under irrigation in state was 17.08 hectares while today, it is 29.55 hectares. Total 779 new irrigation projects have been started during this time. While this is the fact, opposition parties made wrong allegations and the chief minister announced a white paper on the same,\" said Pawar.\"Let them bring out a white paper. Even we feel that people of the state should understand what the fact is. The NCP will cooperate in bringing out the white paper\" said Pawar.Asked if the chief minister was deliberately targeting the NCP, Pawar said, \"I think the chief minister did not have sufficient information when he announced the white paper. He was at a symposium and as the opponents raised the issue, he was bound to provide an answer.\"Pawar added that for the three consecutive terms, in the government, the Congress holds the chief minister's post and no decision can be taken without his permission.No decision on water metersAjit Pawar said Pune city uses about 14 TMC water that can fulfill irrigation requirement of 1,40,000 hectare. \"We can understand that the city is growing while water resources have not increased. The PMC should immediately take decisions on metered water supply to save the wastage of water,\" Pawar said while addressing a meeting of elected representatives and PMC officials. While elected representatives and officials locked horns over the meter system, Pawar said any decision on water meter should be taken immediately. Elected representatives said the civic administration should start a pilot project and ensure that it is successful and then implement the scheme for the entire city.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said elected representatives should first approve the proposal for the entire city. Pawar said issues between elected representatives and the civic administration should not stymie the water meter proposal. However, no final decision was taken on the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13016586", "title": "Vessel off Mangalore on fire", "text": "MANGALORE: A fire in Hold No. 4 of MV Cap Norte, a container vessel on its way to Nhava Sheva (Maharashtra) from Port Kelong ( Malaysia ) forced the vessel to lay anchor about 5 nautical miles off New Mangalore Port on Saturday. The fire was put under control.The Mumbai-based Maritime Rescue Coordination Centre (MRCC) directed the vessel, about 40 nautical miles off Mangalore when the fire was reported, to come closer to the port for assistance.The Coast Guard sent out its inshore patrol vessel ICGS Savithri Bai Phule around 1 pm. Coast Guard also despatched its offshore patrol vessel ICGS Samar with advanced fire-fighting capabilities at Kochi on stand-by.ICGS Samar can cover 300 miles distance from Kochi in 20 hours if the need arises.Rajmani Sharma, DIG, Coast Guard, told STOI the 24-member crew on board the vessel tried to douse the fire in Hold No. 4.\"They were not successful and MRCC directed the master to move closer to the port and seek assistance from authorities there,\" he said.The 2007-built Liberian flag vessel is holding her own and there's no sign of imminent danger or the fire escalating.\"We have obtained the vessel's manifest and are trying to ascertain the nature of the cargo,\" Rajmani said.The crew is safe, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13019050", "title": "Missile defence shield ready: DRDO chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has developed a missile defence shield which can be put in place at short notice to protect at least two cities, bringing the country on par with an elite group of few nations.The shield , developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation, has been tested successfully and an incoming ballistic missile with the range of up to 2,000 km can be destroyed. The system is to be upgraded to the range of 5,000 km by 2016.\"The ballistic missile defence shield is now mature... We are ready to put phase-I in place and it can be put in very short time,\" DRDO chief VK Saraswat told PTI in New Delhi in an interview.He said the shield, as part of phase one of the programme, can be put in place at two places in the country, where the infrastructure is available.However, the two places have not yet been identified and the selection will be made at the political level.The DRDO used variants of Prithvi missiles as simulated targets and successfully intercepted missiles in test-firings.\"We have carried out six successful launches and demonstrated the capability for 2,000 km targets... We have demonstrated it in two layers that is endo-atmospheric (inside the Earth's atmosphere ) and exo-atmospheric (outside the Earth's atmosphere),\" Mr. Saraswat said.He said all the elements such as long-range radars and tracking devices, real-time data-link and mission control system required for the missile system have been \"realised\" successfully.Under the phase-II of the project, the premier defence research agency would upgrade the system to handle ballistic missiles with range of 5,000 km. This phase is expected to be ready by 2016.The system required for phase-II of the project is being developed, he said, adding that for this purpose, ships are being built from where the target missiles would be launched.The DRDO chief said the phase two of the project is expected to be completed by 2016.Talking about the advancement of the system, Saraswat said the missile defence shield has been \"automated\" to an extent where human intervention would be required only if the mission has to be aborted.The DRDO chief said the Indian missile defence system is comparable with the U.S. Patriot 3 system, which was successfully used during the 1990 Gulf War against Iraq .As part of its efforts to protect itself from enemy missiles, India is developing this two-tier BMD which can intercept enemy missiles at altitudes of 80 km and 150 km.The DRDO is thinking of intercepting the missiles at higher altitudes as it would give it more response time in case the first attempt is a miss and the second layer of the system can be put into action.The system was first test-fired in November 2006 elevating India into the elite club of countries to have successfully developed an anti-ballistic missile system, after United States, Russia and Israel .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13015259", "title": "Tree falls on overhead equipment, hits Central Railwaly services", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railwaly locals on the Main line were affected between Khardi and Kasara stations after a tree collapsed on the overhead equipment on the Down line at Khardi platform, resulting in an OHE snag.The incident occurred around 5.55pm, leading to rail traffic being affected till 9pm. Services on the Up line were unaffected. Officials said all Kasara-bound suburban trains were running up to Asangaon as services were being regulated till the OHE was fixed. Commuters took buses and autos to reach Kasara from Asangaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13015100", "title": "Krishna Poonia throws season's best", "text": "JAIPUR: There was a boost for Indian discus thrower Krishna Poonia ahead of the London Olympics, as she registered her season's best throw of 63.67m to bag the silver medal at the Altius Track Crew Throwdown Discus Meeting in Maui (USA) on Friday.This, incidentally, was Krishna's first meet of the season and will definitely add to her confidence. Krishna is hoping to be among the medal winners at the London Games. In the Beijing Games, the bronze medal went to a throw of 62.72m, but Krishna expects to do much better. Krishna's personal best is 63.69m. \"Krishna is capable of going close to 65m in the Olympics,\" Virender Poonia, Krishna's husband and coach, told TOI.The discus meet on the island of Maui had a high quality field, with the gold going to the reigning Olympics champion Stephanie Trafton of the US. She won with a throw of 67:74m, a new US record. Gia Lewis won the bronze with 62.88m.\"I am really happy with my performance, coming so early in the season,\" Krishna said. The Commonwealth Games champion had been struggling with a knee injury, which had affected her performance after the gold in the New Delhi Games in 2010.However, she has recovered well and is in prime condition now. All of Krishna's throws in Maui were over 60m. She started off 63.52m. After a foul throw, Krishna hit the 63.67m mark with her third throw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014959", "title": "Reds 'liberated zones' to get facelift", "text": "NEW DELHI: Quiet baby steps are on to implement centrally coordinated and funded development operations in states to consolidate the gains of security forces in Maoist 'liberated zones', a breakthrough in the tricky debate over federalism that dogs the issue of terror.The Union rural development ministry would soon launch a development plan across Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh to build on the police pressure in the tri-junction that is in Naxal grip. It would straddle across Latehar and Garhwa in Jharkhand and Balrampur in Chhattisgarh. The plan has been approved by the states and the Centre.RD minister Jairam Ramesh said Sukma-Malkangiri plan is also underway. Sukma, in the news for the recent abduction of district collector Alex Paul Menon, and Malkangiri in Odisha are heavily Naxal infested and have poor development record.The inter-state initiatives overseen by the Centre appear to deepen the process of 'securitizing development', a move started in Saranda in Jharkhand's Singhbhum district last year and then in Latehar's Sarju area recently. Both were longtime 'liberated zones' lorded over by Naxals that were freed by security forces, and the inter-state plan is seen as a step forward.\"You have to take the states on board. The chief ministers have told me that unless we see these areas as going beyond state boundaries, we will not be able to tackle the problem,\" Ramesh said.The development offensive aims to bring swift development to these Red areas with focused implementation of rural welfare schemes. It is aimed to win over poor tribals who gravitated towards Naxals because of government indifference.The Latehar-Garwa-Balrampur tri-junction plan (LGBT), comprising 98 villages in Garhwa, 155 in Latehar and 41 in Balrampur, may break fresh ground in the growing efforts to remove federal concerns as stumbling block in the way of reducing development deficit in Naxal strongholds.The overcoming of sensitivities over the Centre dictating development across states is seen as key to putting Naxals under pressure. Officials say Maoists enjoy triple advantage in LGBT: it is remote, hilly and forested; a traditional Naxal area and on the border of Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh.According to government, the Naxal leadership in Jharkhand shifted south and south-west abutting Chhattisgarh after Operation Prahaar at Saryu, Kone and Oria pocket won the axis of control from Red outlaws. Now, greater coordination between states and the Centre could dent the advantage enjoyed by Naxals, thanks to old sensitivities of turf-conscious governments.Sources said LGBT plan could be a bigger challenge than Saranda or Sarju. The area involved has a bigger geographical spread, multiple districts and inter-state implications. Given the high number of villages, it would mean involvement of a bigger populace and thus more Naxal sympathizers. \"It may require greater intensity of development - a bigger basket of schemes,\" says a paper on the LGBT initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014554", "title": "NCTC is 'virtually dead': UPA allies, Congress CM join Mamata in opposing govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The controversy-hit National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC), conceived as India's primary agency to assess terror threats, is virtually dead in its present form since several chief ministers, including UPA partners and at least one from the Congress, on Saturday objected to the body on the grounds that it will encroach on their powers.After a meeting of CMs-a last-gasp effort to save the NCTC and called to exclusively discuss the issue-it was clear that the counter-terror mechanism will not pass political muster with states so long as it is equipped with powers to carry out searches, seizures and arrests and remains under the purview of the Intelligence Bureau (IB).Chief ministers from diverse political backgrounds said the NCTC was not acceptable if it was under the IB. Significantly, home minister P Chidambaram indicated that he was not hung up on vesting control of the proposed body in the IB-a statement which, to many, revived memories of a previous bifurcation of the agency in 1969 when the Research &amp; Analysis Wing was set up to take over external intelligence.The opposition from CMs varied. NCTC was rejected outright by Gujarat's Narendra Modi, West Bengal's Mamata Banerjee and Tamil Nadu's J Jayalaithaa. Although Odisha's Naveen Patnaik and Bihar's Nitish Kumar nuanced their support by pointing to conditions, the mood of the CMs at the meeting called by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh spelt an emphatic \"no\" to the agency in its current form. Without police powers, the NCTC will lose its essence as conceived by the home ministry under Chidambaram.Among UPA partners, the focus was on Banerjee. She was the cynosure of media attention and while she spent the day at the meet, she did not join the other CMs for lunch. Among BJP CMs, Modi launched a direct attack on the anti-terror body, accusing the Centre of drawing in legal finesse to override state police forces.The 'notification' to set up the NCTC will remain on paper unless the Centre does not find itself on a 'politically' strong wicket or does away with police powers for the body. At present, the possibility of an improved political scenario seems remote in near future.The government, however, promised to go into concerns of the states although it is evident that a bid to assuage CMs by making changes in operating protocols like including state police officials in a standing council and assuring that the NCTC will use its powers directly only on the rarest of rare occasion did not wash with the CMs. The alliance of CMs is an expression of a surge in \"federal politics\" that has got a fillip from the Centre's perceived political weakness and has played out in recent months over issues like the Lokpal Bill's provisions prescribing composition of state-level Lokayuktas. The relatively neutral nature of federal issues has allowed the BJP and regional parties like the BJD, AIADMK and Trinamool to coordinate their moves. The stance of BJP CMs was carefully discussed by the party ahead of the meeting.Trying to draw support, Chidambaram said he would try and address the sticking points. \"We will examine the two issues-why it will be under the IB and why it will carry out operations under exceptional circumstances-and the government will take a final decision,\" he said. He, however, parried questions on a timeline for a project that has been on hold ever since non-Congress CMs and UPA partners like the Trinamool and DMK said arming a body under the IB with police powers was unacceptable.Banerjee, who has been opposed to the very concept of NCTC, not only rejected it but also demanded the immediate withdrawal of the 'executive order'. Modi and Jayalalithaa echoed her. Accusing the Centre of behaving like \"viceroys of yore\", Modi demanded a \"rollback\" of the notification, saying the NCTC was a conscious strategy to cast the Centre as an \"omnipresent\" ruler with states portrayed as dependent vassals.Though Jayalalithaa too demanded the withdrawal of the order on the setting up of the NCTC, she opened a window for future consultations by suggesting a sub-committee of CMs. Her proposal was readily supported by Patnaik, who agreed to a body to fight terrorism but objected to it being placed within the IB.The non-Congress CMs' opposition came notwithstanding appeals by the PM and Chidambaram for a broad consensus. Even Congress ally National Conference voiced reservations over the NCTC in its present form, with Omar Abdullah saying its provisions were as stringent as the Armed Forces Special Powers Act he has opposed tooth and nail. Congress CM Tarun Gogoi of Assam also wanted the Centre to take into confidence the states before undertaking any operations and expressed reservations on proposed provisions of giving the power of arrest and seizure to NCTC. BJP leader and Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh said they would support the NCTC if their suggestions were incorporated and the NCTC is suitably amended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13016038", "title": "Teacher hauled up for wearing salwar kameez", "text": "MALDA: Wearing salwar kameez to school has landed a teacher in trouble. The managing committee members of Aiho Girls' School in Malda have lodged a complaint against her for arguing with them and not agreeing to wear a saree to school. The teacher has lodged a counter complaint, fearing her security.Dress code controversy in a girls' school landed finally in police station as both the school authority as well as the 'accused' filed complaint against each other to the police station. No wonder, tension mounted up in the school as the teachers as well as the guardians are divided on this issue. All this took place at Aiho Girls' School under Habibpur police station.Tandra Burman teaches mathematics at Aiho Girls' School. She joined the school way back in 2002 and has been wearing salwar kameez to school since then. Some other teachers also used to wear salwar kameez. However, the school managing committee, reportedly dominated by Trinamool Congress supporters, recently ordered all teachers to wear sarees. Following the order, though the other teachers stopped wearing salwar kameez, but Burman continued to don the same attire.The managing committee convened a meeting on Thursday where the committee members asked Burman to come to school in a saree. Burman, however, argued with them and said that since she travelled by bus, wearing a salwar kameez was more convenient.She further stated that being left-handed, it was uncomfortable for her to do boardwork in a saree. But the committee reportedly remained defiant and insisted that she wear a saree to school. This led to a heated argument between the committee and Burman.On Friday, the committee president Khagen Bhoumik along with other members lodged a complaint against Burman at Habibpur police station. Though Bhoumik and secretary Sushil Saha were not available for comment, principal Shipra Basak Bhoumik said, \"Burman misbehaved with us in the meeting and even abused me. Thus we lodged a complaint against her.\"Shocked at the turn of events and the behaviour of the principal, Burman lodged a counter complaint. \"I was even threatened by the principal with dire consequence if I didn't change my stand. I was scared when I heard that a police complaint was lodged against men. Fearing my security, I too lodged a complaint.\"Police reportedly did not take any action and asked the school authority to inform the district inspector.District inspector of Schools (Secondary) Parthasarathi Jha said, \"I haven't received any complaint either from the school or from the teacher. But the school must know that there is no dress code for the teachers as per the high court ruling. School cannot compel any teacher to wear a particular dress.\"Burman found support from a large section of students and said that there was nothing wrong in teachers wearing salwar kameez to school.It is learnt that Mathematics teacher Tandra Burman who joined this school back in 2002, had been wearing salwar from the beginning. Some other teachers too used the same attire instead of saree. However, school Managing Committee which is recently grabbed by Trinamool Congress supporters, had asked all the teachers to wear saree citing the local sentiment. Although the other teachers discarded salwar, Burman kept on wearing the same attire.On 3rd May, in the meeting of MC Burman was called and was asked to come to school wearing saree. Burman argued that she had to travel daily by bus where salwar was more convenient. Moreover she said being a left hander it would be uncomfortable on her part to wear saree and do the board-work. But the committee was reportedly defiant and insisted her wearing saree. This led a hot exchange between the committee members and Burman.On 4th May Committee President Khagen Bhoumik, along with other members lodged a complaint against Burman to Habibpur police station. Although secretary Sushil Saha and Bhoumik were not available for comment, Principal Shipra Basak Bhoumik said, \"Burman misbehaved with us in the meeting and even abused me. Thus we lodged a complaint against her.\"Shocked Burman found that the Principal was too antagonistic to her next day. \"I was even threatened by the Principal with dire consequence if I don't change my stand. I was scared with the news of police complaint against me. Thus I too lodged a complaint to police fearing my security.\" Police did not take any action yet and reportedly asked the school authority to inform DI regarding the matter.District Inspector of Schools (Secondary) Prthasarathi Jha said, \"I haven't received any complaint either from school or from the teacher. But the school must know that there is no dress code for the teachers as per High Court ruling. School cannot compel any teacher to wear a particular dress.\"Meanwhile, large section of students of the school stood by Burman saying there was nothing wrong in her dress and the teacher was well accepted by them long back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13024755", "title": "Govt yet to ascertain number of passengers on ill-fated boat", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government is yet ascertain exactly how many people were travelling on the ill-fated boat that capsized in the Brahmaputra off Medertari in Dhubri district on April 30. The government has asked villagers in Dhubri to inform the panchayat office or police station if anyone is missing.Addressing the media on Sunday, panchayat and rural development, environment and forest Rockybul Hussain said that the official figures now say that 38 have died, 33 have been injured and 15 are missing. However, the minister added that a total of 205 tickets were issued for passengers on the boat.Hussain said: \"We have information that there were more than 205 passengers on the boat. Many must have swum to the shore. We urged the families to inform the nearest government office if any of them are missing since the incident.\"He added, \"Among the 16 dead are males including nine minors and 22 females including six minors. All have been identified. Our officials are confirming the missing records. When they are ascertained the families will get compensation.\"Quoting chief minister Tarun Gogoi, Hussain said the government has decided to launch a development scheme worth Rs 10 crore for Dhubri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13015941", "title": "Oncology conference begins", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A three-day International conference on Multidisciplinary Management of Common Cancer, Oncology 2012 will take place at the GV Raja convention centre at Kovalam from May 5 to 7.International Chavara Cancer Research Institute (ICCRI) and Cancer Research and Treatment Society are jointly organizing the conference. The conference will have various sessions and seminars discussing the latest developments and experiments from across the world.The conference is conducted to mark the beginning of the implementation works of the cancer hospital to be built by ICCRI at Nedumangad with state-of-the-art facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13017235", "title": "New IRCTC tours to Vaishno Devi shrine in offing", "text": "KANPUR: After successful launches of several tour packages to Bharat Darshan-Dakshin Yatra and Shirdi Dham in the past, the Indian Rail Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) is once again set to launch fresh travel tours to for the devotees to visit Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine in Jammu. A person willing to travel to Vaishno Devi Shrine is just required to pay an amount of Rs 2,580 for getting seat confirmed in the special train which will depart from Varanasi and Lucknow railway station.While the first tour would leave for Vaishno Devi shrine from Varanasi on May 25 and reach Kanpur Central railway station and proceed towards state capital to end journey in Jammu, the second travel tour for the same shrine would depart on May 31 from Varanasi via Lucknow route.The third tour and the fourth tour packages for Vaishno Devi have been scheduled in the month of June and will leave Varanasi railway station and proceed via Kanpur Central on June 12 and June 18 respectively. The fifth and the last tour package for the cave shrine in Jammu would also proceed through the same route. The tour package has been planned for departure on July 9.Importantly, all the five tour packages for Vaishno Devi are for five-day and four-night tour. The IRCTC has given importance to the industrial city and therefore, out of five tour packages to Vaishno Devi shrine, four would pass through Kanpur Central, giving denizens an opportunity to avail the facility. Not only this, the IRCTC officials have offered cheapest tour package which includes travelling fare, lodging and accommodation, meals, bus fare from Jammu to Katra etc.The officials of IRCTC are excited to have received good response from the passengers in the past. This can also be gauged from the fact that with nearly 20 days to go for the first Vaishno Devi tour package to commence, there is no availability of seats.\"Any passenger who pays just Rs 2,580 can get a berth booked in the special trains to Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine. Not only the special trains will be well guarded, but also the passengers will be served with meals.The most important fact being that the ticket required to reach the holy Vaishno Devi cave will also be provided to the passengers. Thus, they will not have to stand in queue in Katra to fetch the 'Darshan' ticket. Passengers' journey would also be insured,\" said Manoj Sinha, Chief Regional Manager, IRCTC while talking to TOI.Sinha also informed that the passengers would be taken to Jammu railway station from where a bus would take them to Katra. He said that the passengers will be provided with the necessary accommodation and will be handed over the 'Darshan' slip. The conveyance facility would be provided to passengers upto Banganga from where the pilgrims have to climb the height to reach the holy shrine.\"After doing Darshan of the holy cave, the passengers will have to come back to the base accommodation from where they will be taken to Jammu railway station in the special buses that would be parked there for this purpose. The passengers will be comfortably made to board the special tourist train and would be brought back,\" said the senior IRCTC official.When asked how passengers can book tickets, Manoj Sinha said that passengers can either visit IRCTC office situated at platform number one of Kanpur Central railway station or by log on to www.railtourismindia.comHe also informed that a tour package to Shirdi Dham would leave Varanasi railway station for Lucknow and proceed towards Shirdi on June 6. It would be a four day journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "13023178", "title": "Pokhara flash flood death toll could rise to 64", "text": "KATHMANDU: Nearly 64 people are feared dead even as the death toll in the flash flood near the famous tourist spot of Pokhara in western Nepal reached 17 today with at least 47 people, including three foreigners, still missing despite massive rescue operations by security forces.\"We have so far recovered dead bodies of 17 people from the site and there is very slim chances of getting alive 47 people including three Ukranian tourists who went missing,\" Superintendent of Police Shailesh Thapa told PTI.The flash flood had swept away parts of a village including 20 houses, buses and suspension bridges.The security forces have rescued eight local people from the site. Five of the rescued people who sustained injuries were admitted to the local hospital for treatment, the senior police officer said.\"Three excavators have also been mobilised to carry out rescue works. The search operations were completed for today and we will resume the rescue operations on Monday,\" he said.All those killed and rescued were local villagers, he added.There were four Ukranian trekkers who were sitting in the bank of Seti river and three of them were swept away, Thapa informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015732", "title": "Standard and poor? SCs, STs in Kerala, Tamil Nadu better off than others", "text": "NEW DELHI: New census data on asset ownership among different social groups has shown that a far higher proportion of scheduled castes and higher still of scheduled tribes do not own basic consumer durables like a phone or bicycle as compared to \"others\".Three states however buck this trend; across caste groupings in Punjab, Kerala and Tamil Nadu, the rate of ownership of basic consumer durables is high. In fact, the asset ownership rate for scheduled castes in these three states is better than that of OBCs and upper castes in all other states.Newly released census 2011 data shows that while 17.8% of households across India do not own a phone, computer, TV, radio, bicycle or any vehicle, this proportion is 22.6% for scheduled castes, 37.3% for scheduled tribes and 14% for \"others\".While more than half of \"others\" own a television, less than a quarter of scheduled tribes own a TV. Less than 2% of SC families own a TV, phone, computer and some mode of transportation, the usual signifiers of a \"middle class\" Indian family.This new data fits in with the argument that economist and Indian Council of Social Science Research chairman Sukhadeo Thorat has been making. Thorat is critical of the view that economic liberalization has narrowed the gap between scheduled castes and others.Yes , poverty is declining, but the rate of decline of poverty is much lower for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes than for upper castes. There has undoubtedly been growth, but SCs and STs are not getting to participate equally in it,\" Thorat says.There is considerable regional variation in the new census data.Scheduled tribes are worst off in Madhya Pradesh , followed by in Rajasthan, Tripura and Maharashtra, where over 40% of STs do not own any basic consumer durable. Dalits are worst off in Bihar , Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand and Orissa, where a third do not own any such asset. Unlike with the SCs, asset ownership for STs is worse than other social groups in all states.While poverty among STs is fairly widespread across all states with a significant ST population, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Punjab are the only states where the proportion of SCs who do not own basic assets is around 10% or lower, lowest of all in Tamil Nadu. Asset ownership among SCs in these three states is higher than that among \"others\" in all other states.While part of the explanation for Tamil Nadu's status as the best state for dalit asset ownership might be that the previous state government ran a scheme giving free television sets to poor households, this is not the only explanation, as ownership of other consumer durables like phones and computers is also among the highest in TN. In comparison, in Bihar, where the state government ran a scheme to give all school-going girls a free cycle, less than half of all households own a bicycle.Research by Institute of Applied Manpower Research director-general Santosh Mehrotra has shown that the human development indicators of SCs and OBCs in Kerala and Tamil Nadu are better than those of upper castes in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. Moreover, all four states have a similar proportion of 'backward castes' in their population: so the key determinant of each of these states' human development situation is not its caste composition, but its politics and governance, Mehrotra says.\"A combination of social mobilization and good governance has lifted all boats in Kerala and Tamil Nadu,\" Mehrotra said. Social mobilization alone is not enough, Mehrotra adds, or the last twenty years in Uttar Pradesh would have led to tangible outcomes like improvement in health and nutrition, and not just intangibles like dignity and a sense of empowerment, as important as they are.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13017081", "title": "Cops identify Jitendra's killer", "text": "BANGALORE: Investigators probing the alleged killing of 22-year-old businessman Jitendra Kumar claimed they have definite clues about the killer.Police have got hold of a photo of the man who strangled cosmetic merchant Jitendra to death inside Pai Viceroy Hotel on JC Road on Friday. The accused had booked Room 303 online, police said. Jitendra, of Akkipet, was found murdered inside Room 303. Preliminary investigations revealed the assailant had gagged Jitendra before strangling him.DCP (West) SN Sidramappa told TOI that two special teams are on the job to nab the assailant and have zeroed in on his whereabouts. \"Occupants of the neighbouring rooms told us they heard a commotion inside the room on Friday. The commotion went on for around 15 minutes and then there was silence. This must be the time Jitendra got killed,\" Sidramappa said.Meanwhile, a senior police officer said the accused, identified as Shrinesh from Kozhikode in Kerala, had booked the room through an internet parlour in Jayanagar on Tuesday, and checked in on Wednesday. \"The hotel management has accepted his booking even without taking advance money. Some hotel staff told us that Shrinesh was a regular customer at the hotel,\" police said.No CCTV camerasMuch against police advice, the hotel management hasn't installed CCTVs, police officials said. \"Most private hotels in the city have installed CCTVs at least in the front office or in the corridors. Had the Pai Viceroy management installed CCTVs, the assailant's picture and movements could have been discovered,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi/chennai", "code": "13015932", "title": "Presidential poll a chance for Congress to form 2014 alliance", "text": "NEW DELHI/CHENNAI: Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee recalled that she had voted for Hamid Ansari as vice president five years ago despite strong reservations and only at Congress president Sonia Gandhi's instance, say party sources.The push from allies advocating finance minister Pranab Mukherjee by name seems to compound Congress's dilemma about the implications of releasing UPA's chief troubleshooter for Rashtrapati Bhavan.AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi indicated as much by refusing to discuss individuals. \"DMK has given a specific statement but we are in the process of consultations and have not come to a conclusion. Once the consultations are over, Congress would decide on the name for President's election,\" Alvi said.Congress would have preferred a blanket support from allies, given its desire to put its candidate in Rashtrapati Bhavan without compromising the strength of central government. It is also looking at the polls as an opportunity for cobbling together a coalition for post-2014 by exploring commonalties with players like SP boss Mulayam Singh Yadav and Bihar CM Nitish Kumar. There has been no delay in announcement of the candidate because the contest is still some time away, with the EC not even having issued the relevant notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13016091", "title": "Schools that moved court can hike fees by 15%", "text": "CHENNAI: Only 384 schools that challenged the fees limit in the Madras high court can up the fees by 15% for 2012-13, said the directorate of matriculation schools. These schools will be allowed to charge the 15% hike set by the court till December until the fee determination committee hands over a revised fee structure.The directorate said the excess amount should be billed to the parents under a separate receipt. The schools would have to display on their campuses the high court order, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13017241", "title": "New arrangements for undertrials", "text": "KANPUR: Undertrials of six police stations which come under the administrative jurisdiction of Kanpur Nagar and judicial jurisdiction of Ramabai Nagar may soon be lodged in Kanpur jail. A letter of this effect has been sent by the DIG of Kanpur zone to the district judge (Kanpur) seeking instructions in this direction.The senior police officer, in his letter, stated that as per the discussions, he and jail superintendent of Ramabai Nagar were submitting written submission to seek the orders for the undertrials of five police stations of Kanpur Nagar.The six police stations are Shivrajpur, Chaubeypur, Bilhour , Kakwan, Ghatampur and Sajeti. The DIG, in his letter, had stated that presently the cops of Kanpur Nagar first go to Mati jail in the morning to bring the undertrials of above mentioned six police stations to produce them before the court, and then in the evening sent them back to Mati jail.As the practice was quite inconvenient, directions have been sought to lodge the undertrials of six police stations in Kanpur district jail.According to sources, a meeting between district judge, DIG and superintendent of Mati jail had taken place a few days back to discuss the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13015818", "title": "Man leaves Rs 6 lakh in train, gets it back", "text": "CHENNAI: A passenger left a bag containing 6 lakh in a train and got down at Chengalpet railway station on Friday to drink water. Before he could get in, the train left. The cash bag was found in tact an hour later at Tambaram on the same train.Police said Ganesan, a gold polisher from Kamarajar Veedhi in Villupuram, was taking the cash belonging to his neighbour Janardhanan, a gold tester, to Chennai in a passenger train. Around 4.45pm, he got out of his unreserved compartment at Chengalpet junction to drink water. But the train left before he could board it.Ganesan immediately alerted the Chengalpet government railway police who alerted their counterparts at Tambaram. When the train reached Tambaram around 5.50pm, GRP officials checked the coach and recovered the bag. \"As Ganesan did not know much was in the bag we had to call the original owner to ascertain the sum,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13022170", "title": "Pawan Kalyan to work with Srinu Vaitla", "text": "Looks like Srinu Vaitla has become the most sought after filmmaker in Tollywood today after the super success of Dookudu. He is all set to begin shooting for his next flick, Badshah which has NTR Jr in the lead role. Buzz is that the director is going to be working with Pawan Kalyan in his next flick. Sources close to the Power Star say that the actor has given his nod for a script written by Kona Venkat. Touted to be an action entertainer the movie will be produced by Ganesh Babu. Apparently the filmmakers are making some minor changes to the script and will make an official announcement soon. If that comes through, it will be the first time Srinu Vaitla and Pawan Kalyan will be working together. But there is still time for that as both are busy with their respective commitments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015736", "title": "It's admission season in degree colleges", "text": "HYDERABAD: Much like every year, the onset of May has ushered in the admission season in the city. Students of Class XII and Intermediate second year are meticulously short-listing degree colleges, choosing from a list of courses and queuing up at various campuses to purchase application forms. City colleges say that they are currently receiving over 100 enquiries daily pertaining to admissions and that these numbers are expected to double by next week.Application forms are already being issued at Kasturba Gandhi College, Wesley Degree College, St Ann's College (Mehdipatnam), Loyola Degree College, Villa Marie Degree College, St Francis College and Badruka College of Commerce and Arts, among others. In fact, Loyola started sale of forms immediately after the Intermediate results were announced on April 23. Dozens of students were seen queuing up at the admission counters in these colleges. Some like Bhavans Vivekananda Degree College, RG Kedia College and St Mary's College (Yousufguda), affiliated to Osmania University (OU), are, however, still awaiting the schedule from OU to begin sale of forms. The schedule is expected next week.The tentative cut-off percentages across the board this year is gauged to be around 70% to 75% for B Com and B Sc and 60% for BA. For B Com Computers, highly-preferred by students these days, the cut-off is expected to be higher considering that last year it soared to 85% in some colleges.With courses such as Bachelors in Business Administration (BBA) finding huge demand among students, institutes such as Aurora Degree College and Acme College have included it in their prospectus this year. Other colleges that had introduced the course last year have now increased the number of seats and even improved the curriculum. Courses in B Sc have been broad-based with several colleges including Bankatlal Badruka College of Information and Technology introducing B Sc with electronics, mathematics and computer science. Villa Marie Degree College too has joined the bandwagon by starting BSc with mathematics, statistics and computer science, for the first time.In the commerce stream too, fresh courses such as B Com Integrated Professional Programme (IPP) have been added to the prospectus of colleges such as St Francis College. This has been specially designed for students aspiring to become chartered accountants or company secretaries.Among other courses, B Com Professional has been introduced in St Joseph's Degree College, Villa Marie has started B Com Professional with advertising and foreign trade while Wesley Degree College has introduced B Com vocational with marketing and advertising. Even a BA with mass communication course is now on offer for students. The stream has been added to the prospectus of Wesley Degree College.The admission rigmarole has only just begun and, in the coming weeks, city colleges will see thousands of students thronging their campuses daily for application forms and course enquiries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13016522", "title": "Family shattered after Reds kill 'informer'", "text": "KORAPUT: \"Ever since they killed my husband, life has become miserable for us. He was the only earning member of our family of five. With his departure the family is totally shattered and I don't know what lies for us in future,\" rues Raimati, the widow of Balram Naik.A resident of Tentuligumma village under Boipariguda police limits, Raimati cannot forget the night of May 2. A group of armed Maoists swooped down on the village, about 120 km from the district headquarters town of Koraput, and kidnapped her husband on charges of being a police informer. The villagers found his body the following morning. Since then, Raimati has confined herself to the four walls of her home where she stays with her ailing in-laws and a year-old daughter.\"It was around 11 pm and we had gone to bed. Armed with some lethal weapons, the Maoists knocked on our door. The moment my husband opened the door, they started abusing him. They dragged him out, tied his hands and beat him up mercilessly, before taking him away with them. That was the last time I saw him alive,\" recalls a visibly distraught Raimati. \"The Maoists threatened us of dire consequences if anyone tried to resist them. When I tried to free my husband, they hit me with a bayonet. My husband was not a police informer,\" she sobs.Though Raimati, an intermediate in arts, has recently joined a private school in the locality as a teacher, she is worried about the family's future. \"We have a farm and he was looking after it. What I earn is not sufficient to run a family of four. I am worried about my daughter's future,\" she says.While Balram's father Kesab Naik, who is in his mid-60s, has lost his vision, the deceased's mother is ailing. The old and infirm parents of Balram cannot believe their son is no more. \"I cannot sit or walk on my own. He used to take care of me. We have been totally shattered by the murder of our only son by the Red rebels. He was our only support,\" says the bereaved father.According to locals, Balram, who had completed his intermediate at DAV College, Koraput, was a hardworking youth and had earned a name for himself for his social service in the area. He was a distant relative of freedom fighter Saheed Laxman Nayak, who hailed from Tentuligumma.\"The victim was never our informer. The Maoists mostly target civilians on grounds like contract killing and to settle personal scores. The family will get Rs 2 lakh from the government,\" said Koraput SP Awinash Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13016713", "title": "Odia rice breeder awarded by Philippines institute", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After 35 years of toil in muddy fields, finally the long-cherished dream of rice-breeder Satya Ranjan Das came true when he received the prestigious Senadhira Rice Research Award 2012 from International Rice Research Institute (IRRI), Manila , on April 2.\"Receiving the award at IRRI was the most memorable moment of my life. I was speechless. I was recognized for my contributions to rice research,\" said 61-year-old Das.The award was constituted by IRRI in memory of Sri Lankan scientist Dharmawansa Senadhira, who died in a road accident in 1998.\"It was a dream come true. Since the start of my career in 1976, I had tried several times to study at IRRI, but at the fag end of my career I got this opportunity to work in the Mecca of rice research as a research fellow,\" said a visibly excited Das. \"I have decided to donate the prize money of $3000 towards organizing H K Mohanty Memmorial Lecture in Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT), which will be my tribute to my teacher,\" Das said.\"A rice breeder never retires in life,\" Das said, however, who is currently working as an honorary professor at OUAT here after his retirement since February 2011.During his stint in OUAT, Das successfully developed 49 rice varieties for various ecosystems and aromatic rice in Odisha and other states across India. Rice varieties like Khandagiri, Mandakini , Sidhhanta, Jogesh are most popular in upland while Pratiksha is famous in irrigated medium land in the state. Rice varieties developed by him are also popular in Cambodia, Myanmar, Bangladesh, China and Thailand .\"My recent thrust is on developing stress tolerant rice varieties which can be sustained in stagnant flooding and moisture. At IRRI, scientists do advanced research in molecular technology, which requires a lot of funds. So we are trying to do it using the conventional genetic engineering and the usual plant breeding methods,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "13016241", "title": "Snubbed for wearing chappals on duty, fireman attempts self-immolation", "text": "AMBALA: Snubbed by joint commissioner of municipal corporation of Ambala for wearing bathroom chappals, an employee of fire brigade wing made an abortive attempt to commit suicide in the store room of office on Friday evening.The incident took place when Bachna Ram, attached with a fire tender, walked into the office of Y S Gupta, JC of Ambala Municipal Corporation. The incident also exposed the delay in providing shoes to employees on fire fighting duty, to be provided by the municipal corporation.With a view to mark his protest, Bachna Ram had started coming to office wearing chappals and was summoned by Gupta. Sources said that as he entered Gupta's office, an irritated Gupta allegedly gave him a dressing down.\"Despite repeated requests, I was denied duty shoes. Hence I started attending work in bathroom chappals. As I entered Gupta sir's office, he not only misbehaved but also threatened me with strict action. Hence I was left with no option other than ending the life,'' a disgruntled Bachna Ram said.According to an eyewitness employee, Bachana Ram was seen rushing toward nearby quarters, some employees followed him. They were shocked to see him take kerosene bottles and start pouring kerosene on himself.Gupta said, \"I just asked him to tell the concerned officer about the problem of non-availability of shoe to fire brigade employees. I do not know how he understood my instruction. I did not say anything that was against the self esteem of an employee.\"Harish Kumar, fire brigade officer, said, \"On Friday morning, Bachana Singh came wearing chappals in the office. The work of fire brigade employee is not possible in this footwear. I myself asked him to wear shoes while on duty.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13017231", "title": "Bhoomi Habba creates awareness about looming perils", "text": "BANGALORE: Bhoomi Habba, a festival for justice and peace, was celebrated for the fifth time in the city on Saturday. \"We have to protect the Earth and through this festival we celebrate love,\" said David Selvaraj, the organizer. The habba, earlier called Festival of Peace, is organised to make people aware and motivate them to take action.As part of the festival was a children's workshop, doll festival, film screening, poster exhibition, food fest and folk music. While the photo exhibition and the movies focused on nuclear energy, Dolls Speak represented phases of human ambition and facets of socio-religious life. 'Just One Earth' and 'Agent Orange 30 Years Later' were some movies screened.People braved the heat to enjoy the habba celebrating the Earth and recognizing its need for survival. Rashmi, a visitor, said: \"Though the place is far from the main road, coming here was worth it.\" Ankita, a student, said: \"It's an excellent initiative and hopefully we'll see more such events which celebrate the Earth's beauty.\"The photo exhibition enabled people to understand the irreversible ill-effects of nuclear disasters. A victim of the chemical Agent Orange accompanied an NGO working for building awareness about it. \"Ten years after the incident, almost 3 million people have been affected,\" said Hai Thi Mac, deputy director of Vietnam Association for Victims of Agent Orange. Organizations working with the people of Kudankulam against the upcoming nuclear plant there were also present.-- Sanskriti Pandey and Yogita Sengupta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015432", "title": "City marches against rape, seeks answers from cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: 'Nazar Teri Buri Aur Parda Mein Karoon?' 'Don't tell me how to dress, tell them not to rape', read the placards held by citizens, activists and NGOs gathered outside Mandi House Metro station on Saturday morning in protest of a stream of rape cases that have rocked the national capital region in recent times.With 465 rape cases registered in the city in 2011, 489 in 2010 and 459 in 2009, the protest sought answers from police on why such cases have occurred unchecked in the city, often dubbed as the rape capital of India.Citizen's Collective Against Sexual Assault, a rainbow coalition of NGOs and activists, led the march from Mandi House to Jantar Mantar shouting slogans against rape.The motley crowd included both men and women, differently-abled groups, a few foreigners and passersby who were so impressed by the initiative that they joined in. Take for instance, S P Arora, a retired sales tax inspector who was headed for Mandi House Metro station on Saturday but ended up joining the protest.Groups and individuals from far-flung corners of NCR also joined the march. One of them, Dheeraj Bakshi, a businessman from Faridabad, read about the march on a pamphlet at Nehru Place and decided to come along. \"What's happening in Delhi is wrong. The rape cases in the city should not be happening, we're here to protest against them,\" Sivaraj from The Deaf Way Foundation communicated through sign language. Two other organizations representing the deaf - Noida Deaf Society and National Association of the Deaf - were also part of the protest.\"One of the most important things we're asking for is a set of standard operating procedures for sexual assault and for police to follow them, so that they can solve the cases that come to them with the best of their ability. People should have confidence that when they approach police, something will come out of it. Our message to police is simple - You have a job, so you have got to do it,\" said Kalpana Viswanath of Jagori, an organization that has pioneered the study of gender and space in Delhi.A delegation from the collective submitted a memorandum to the office of the police commissioner of Delhi. The memorandum calls for the police commissioners of Delhi, Gurgaon and Noida to publicly condemn statements made by their colleagues who have, in the past, blamed the victim for her dress and behaviour. Other demands included timely response from the Delhi police helplines as well as regular training on gender sensitivity for the force.\"Standard operating procedures for sexual assault cases must be made available in the public domain, so that all citizens are aware of their rights under such circumstances,\" stressed the memorandum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "13022078", "title": "Former spy accuses authorities of apathy", "text": "JAMMU: A former spy, who spent 10 years in Pakistani jails, says he is struggling for a livelihood after running from pillar to post for past 24 years for his rehabilitation.Jammu resident 59-year old Vinood Sawhney, who is undergoing treatment at Government Medical College (GMC) hospital here after forcible eviction by police from his dharna site here, accuses authorities of apathy to people like him.Sawhney, who is also a president of Jammu Ex-Sleuths Association, is also angry at authorities offering him only a vendor's license after years of persistent pleas and protests.\"This is the award I have got for my service. How can I accept this offer of rehabilitation?\" says Sawhney, who was repatriated in 1988.He claims he had approached Jammu and Kashmir chief secretary on November 24, 2008 who had strongly recommended the case to the commissioner, Jammu Municipal Corporation (JMC) for his rehabilitation -- a plot of land settlement and a shop for earning livelihood.\"Since then I was running from pillar to post but nobody paid heed to my demands and I was forced to sit on hunger strike,\" he says.Last week, he was informed that the JMC had no powers to allot him a shop and he can only be given a vendor's license.Sawhney, who has been twice forcibly evicted from dharna site at Press club after deterioration in his health conditions, says his two sons are studying with the support of his brothers who run a business.He says he was a cab driver when he was recruited as a spy. \"I was lodged in Sialkot jail and later put in Multan Central jail.\"After efforts of human rights organisations, he was released along with 109 prisoners from Pakistani.\"Many spies are still languishing in Pakistani jails,\" he said. \"The government should offer complete rehabilitation of all such persons who were repatriated from Pakistani jails\", he adds. He says the Centre must press Pakistan authorities to release all Indians languishing in jails there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016538", "title": "Collection of medieval era poems released", "text": "PATNA: Avigat, a sumptuous collection of timeless poems reminiscing the literary exuberance of country's rich cultural and literary past, was released here on Saturday by eminent Hindi poets Alok Dhanva and Phanish Singh. The collection of poems in Hindi, from the Adi era to the Riti era, has been published by Takshila Educational Society and compiled by Hindi teacher of DPS School, Patna , Neelam Prabha.The compendium savours the rich works of Chandbardai, Surdas, Mirabai, Tulsidas, Rahim, Khusro, Malik Mohd Jaisi and Vidyapati, among others. Dhanva hailed 'Avigat' as a connoisseurs' delight and asserted the book would surely go a long way in making current and future generations abreast with the romance of Indian folklore. He lamented that most of the legendary poets have not found a place in academic textbooks.The students of DPS School enthralled the gathering with their mellifluous recitation of some of the poems from the collection. They wore the attire of the period to which the poems belonged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016281", "title": "Lucknow University lodges FIR against 2 employees", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University has lodged an FIR against two class IV employees on charges of forgery on Saturday. According to the university proctor, the two employees had forged the signature of former university registrar, GP Tripathi in connection with the assured career promotion (ACP) given to them.The two employees, Manoj Kumar Verma and Anand Kumar were employed as security guards in the university's proctor office. On Saturday, they went with a letter which had approved the ACP applicable in their daily wages. When they showed the letter to proctor, Pawan Agarwal, he smelled foul and immediately asked the registrar's office for the original copy. \"Even there was a mismatch in the date of dispatch and signature of the dealing clerk,\" said Pawan Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13015305", "title": "Air India strike likely to continue, more flights may be hit", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of Air India pilots who were rostered to operate long-haul international flights on Saturday stayed away from work. Flights to Mumbai were not hit but no agreement was reached between the pilots and the airline management till late Saturday evening, and so the protest is likely to continue and more flights could be hit on Sunday.The Delhi-Singapore-Delhi flight scheduled for Sunday stays cancelled as of now, said an Air India official. On Saturday, the Delhi-Toronto flight departed 16 hours late.The Delhi-Newark flight, which was scheduled for an early morning departure, could not operate till late in the evening for want of crew. \"The passengers of the affected flights were accommodated in a hotel in Delhi,\" said the airline spokesperson.Even as the airline's rostering department scampered to fill in for absentee pilots, talks between the pilots and the airline management continued on to day two. The meeting was held in Delhi and was on at the time of going to the press.The B787 Dreamliner training has been a sticky issue with pilots from Air India (those belonging to the pre-merger Air India) and those from the erstwhile Indian Airlines over the rights to train/fly this aircraft. \"The issue flared up again as the airline is sending a group of pilots from the erstwhile Indian Airlines for a 40-day B787-type training to Singapore,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13021881", "title": "Nilgiri langurs give birth to offspring", "text": "CHENNAI: Two Nilgiri langurs gave birth to an offspring each at the Arignar Anna Zoological Park here recently, thereby, increasing the number of the endangered species in captivity to 25 in the country, Zoo officials said.Two females of the glossy black primates gave birth on May 1 to two young ones whose gender was yet to be determined, the officials said today.Nilgiri langurs are black-faced colobines of medium size and endemic to the Western Ghats in South India and are concentrated in forest areas of Nilgiri district in Tamil Nadu and Kodagu in Karnataka.Last month, a male and a female of this endangered species were sent to Sakkarbagh Zoological Garden at Junagadh in Gujarat.AAZP, the largest zoological garden in the country spread over 1,490 acres houses 18 of the 25 Niligiri langurs bred in captivity in seven zoos under the Central Zoo Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016938", "title": "They went crazy trying to touch me in Kanpur", "text": "Paoli Dam may just have made it more difficult than ever for Bollywood actresses to be coy on screen. A few months after Vidya Balan made ripples with her unfettered act in \"The Dirty Picture\", Dam, 31, seems to have pushed the boundaries even further with \"Hate Story\". An established heroine in Bengali films, Dam - whose claim to fame might well become her \"bold\" roles, including the full monty in the unreleased \"Chatrak\" - tells Meenakshi Sinha why she's uninhibited under the arclightsWhat is the feedback to \"Hate Story\" ?People have loved it. From the story, the background score to its dialogue, the way it's shot, everything is being appreciated.This is your first Bollywood film as a leading lady. How did you prepare for it? You practically made out in front of the camera.I didn't (laughs). That was the character. Yes , the film is bold and my aim was that it shouldn't look artificial. That's all about good acting. It's not about just titillating people or creating a sensation. I've always liked Vikram Bhatt's films. When he narrated the storyline and the character, I found it outstanding. It's a womanoriented film. So I thought that there couldn't be abetter launch than this in Bollywood. The film had ample scope for performance; it was stylised , glamorous with many shades to Kavya, my character in the film. I had tremendous support from Vikram, director Vivek Agnihotri, dialogue writer Rohit Malhotra who made it very comfortable for me to shoot those scenes.Bollywood's lead actresses would have shied away from taking up such a role.I can't comment on others because everyone has her own way of working. But as an actor and a performer, I felt that it was a fantastic subject . There is love, romance, hatred, revenge. Though it's an erotic thriller, it's essentially a revenge drama.Do you think you were approached because you did the full monty in \"Chatrak\"earlier ?This is an absolutely wrong idea as Vikram had not seen Chatrak when he called me for Hate Story. But yes, Vikram had watched my earlier films from Bengal with directors like Ritu da ( Rituparno Ghosh ), Gautam Ghose, etc., and based on that he offered me this film.Were you comfortable doing \"Chatrak\" ?I worked with one of the best directors, Vimukthi Jayasundara. Where would I have got such a chance? Also, the entire film deals with the socio-political life of Bengal. There's nothing sexual in it except that one single shot.How do you see your success, when there have been other \"bold\" actresses like Rakhi Sawant , Veena Malik or Sunny Leonne who are yet to find their feet?I respect everybody as it takes a lot of hard work to make it in this industry . The audience is clever enough to understand who can act and who cannot. Boldness is all about personality and this personality varies from person to person . The audience is intelligent enough; otherwise theywouldn't have accepted Hate Story.Do you have any 'dos and don'ts' for yourself ?As an actor, I'm uninhibited but the story should convince me, of course. I've done a lot of work in Bengal, played different characters and know how it feels. I look at a good script, a good character and a good director. If I'm convinced about the story and what I'm supposed to do, like I was with Hate Story,then I have no reservations.What is your family's reaction to the film?My mom has been my biggest critic. But this is the first time she didn't criticise me, and she said I looked glamorous. My parents watched the film and appreciated it. They know I am an actor and understand what comes with it. My mother wanted me to become an actor though I was keen on academics . She knows that I'm intelligent and understand c inema.Vidya Balan pushed the envelope for other leading ladies with \"Dirty Picture\". Have you taken it to another level altogether?(Laughs) I wouldn't see it like that. All are senior to me and I really admire and respect everybody's work. Each one of them has their own way of working.Has life changed after \"Hate Story\" ?Yes. It's like 10 times the fame and name of what I enjoy in Bengal. I never thought that in Mumbai airport people would click my pictures. It didn't happen earlier when I could loiter around Bandra and other places in Mumbai freely. After the movie posters were out, I once noticed some girls pointing to me and saying 'See, it's her from the poster of Hate Story. Even Twitter, Facebook have got talking about the film. When I went to Kanpur, people went crazy wanting to touch me and feel me as though I was from some alien world - it feels good at the end of the day.Your next film is on wife-swapping ?Yes, it's again with Vikram. Of course, it's bold but he wants toexplore it as a subject - how it's a very conscious decision that people take, how it affects a relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13016890", "title": "Girls from \u2018sex-biased\u2019 villages become icons of woman power", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From two 'sex-biased' districts of Haryana and Punjab - Yamunanagar and Hoshiarpur - located nearly 200km away from the UPSC's Dholpur office on Delhi's prime Shahjahan Road, two girls Shena Aggarwal (IAS topper) and Rukmani Riar (second IAS topper), on Saturday became the new icon of girl power, boldly announcing \"the era of women\" out to change the social demographics of the country.In states that have often received flak for discriminatiion against the girl child, the two women on Friday had brought laurels to Punjab and Haryana by topping the civil services examination and bagging the first and second positions. Calling their feat as a symbol of girl power, the duo, however, couldn't resist but dwell upon the worrying past of their home states. \"It hurts me to know each time that Haryana had still the worst sex ratio in the country.I will do everything possible to improve the sex ratio and implement necessary programmes strictly,\" declared Aggarwal, the first ranker. Aggarwal, who graduated from AIIMS in December 2009, said it was time for women to add more responsiblites to their social and professional portfolio in the country. \"I understand every female has to keep proving herself to achieve an objective in our country,\" said Aggarwal, proudly mentioning her \"indefatigable spirit\" leading to success in her third attempt at the coveted exam.According to Census 2011, Yamunanagar had recorded a poor sex ratio 877- the second lowest in Haryana, with a marginal increase over 2001's figure of 869. The literacy rate of Yamunanagar for women stands at 72% For the Hoshiarpur-based second-topper Rupinder Riar, poor quality of education for women that troubled her during her preparations was still a concern. \"I always feel low when I learn women couldn't work because of poor resources and family restrictions.However, I hope things will become rosy with few of us women coming from these two states,\" said 24-year-old Riar. Amodest Riar dedicated her success to her parent's upbringing with no sex-bias and constant motivation to measure up to men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017354", "title": "Dialogue most impressive solution to problems: Sibal", "text": "PUNE: Union human resource development minister Kapil Sibal on Saturday slammed the opposition parties for repeatedly disrupting Parliament proceedings. Sibal said the opposition parties often hold up work and prefer adjournments instead of holding dialogue with the government.Sibal was speaking at the inaugural session of the silver jubilee convention of Bharatiya Jain Sanghatana (BJS) at Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji sports complex, Mhalunge, Balewadi. State school education minister Rajendra Darda was present as the guest of honor. Other personalities present included founder and national president of BJS Shantilal Muttha, Veerendra Heggade and retired Justice Chandrashekhar Dhrmadhikari.Addressing a large gathering of BJS members, Sibal said, \"Dialogue is the most impressive and non-violent medium to find a solution to any problem. It is disappointing that our country has lost dialogue at many levels. It seems there is no dialogue between the government and opposition parties. Hardly any dialogue is seen among the political leaders and common people, within the society and among communities. This situation could hamper the development of the nation. Hence, organizations like BJS can play a vital role to establish a dialogue within society\".Sibal said the country should look at the field of education with a broader perspective. \"Comprehensive education can bring a positive change in society. The government is taking various steps to increase communication and dialogue among citizens and youths. As part of an ambitious project to help rural students, about 2.5 lakh grampanchayats are being connected through fiber optics network. About 35,000 colleges across the country are being connected via national knowledge network programme for the benefit of students\", he said.Darda said the state government was working on a master plan for neighbourhood education under which a student will get a school facility near his/her residence. The student would not have to travel long distances every day to reach the school, he said.Muttha said the BJS was ready to take up works in the fields of disaster management and education. \"Various projects aimed at improving the quality of education at the preliminary and secondary levels are in the pipeline\", he said.Heggade and Dharmadhikari also addressed the gathering. Various books were released on the occasion.The two-day convention, organized to mark the silver jubilee of BJS, will end on Sunday. BJS members across various states are attending the convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13015965", "title": "Watch your word with US consulate officials", "text": "KOLKATA: Think twice before getting in touch with friends, relatives or close acquaintances in the US consulate while Hillary Rodham Clinton is in the city. Any loose remark over the phone or in e-mails, however innocent, may land one in trouble as the Bureau of Diplomatic Security (BDS) is monitoring all communication between the consular staff and outsiders, according to sources.The BDS, which is in charge of the US secretary of state's security, is leaving no stone unturned to ensure the safety of Hillary. The level of electronic surveillance is extremely high, a source said. Non-consular staff, such as employees of the hotel where she will put up, who are privy to information about her movements, is also under the security wing's hawk eyes.\"There can be no slip-up. Even a minor leak can result in a major security threat. A lot more stress is being laid on the preventive aspect rather than the curative one. Security agencies in Kolkata are working in close co-ordination with the Personal Protective Detail of the BDS, which will form the inner cordon. The BDS will also have back-up teams, ready to react to any emergency. Local Special Forces units have also been kept on a standby,\" a source revealed.Hillary will land in Kolkata on Sunday in a reconfigured US Air Force Boeing 757 that has a cabin for her and seats for staff and members of her security detail. Like Air Force One, the secretary of state's aircraft has a state-of-the-art communications centre on board that can keep her in touch with any location on earth. A specialized team has already arrived in Kolkata to take care of the aircraft and carry out necessary maintenance when it is parked in the airport for the night, sources said.An interesting fact available with the US Department of State is that Hillary has already visited 18 countries in 2012 (till April 25). Her aircraft has flown 63,208 miles in 139 hours and 10 minutes.While BDS teams have already checked out security arrangements at Writers' Building, Victoria Memorial and the Indian Centre for Cultural Relations and made necessary changes, specialized units will be in charge of sanitizing the route that Hillary will take during her movement in the city. A detachment has already taken control of the floor at Taj Bengal where she will be staying. Only those with security clearance are being allowed access to this floor. This is not for the first time that Hillary will be a guest at this hotel. She had visited Kolkata as the US first lady to attend Mother Teresa's funeral and had put up at Taj Bengal.Kolkata Police, in consultation with the BDS, has worked out details of traffic management during the secretary's travel from one location to the other.\"We are operating under strict instructions to provide all necessary assistance to the US officials in charge of her security. Information is being shared by the Americans on a 'need-to-know' basis. Nearly all arrangements, including her vehicles, are being organized arranged for them. Our role is primarily supportive,\" a police officer in Kolkata said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "13020991", "title": "I am in the dark as you are, Pranab Mukherjee on presidential nomination", "text": "DHAKA: Amid reports that he had emerged as a front-runner in the race for presidential election, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday said he was \"in the dark\" on the issue.\"I am in the dark as you are,\" Mukherjee, who arrived here last evening on a two-day tour to join the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Rabindranath Tagore, said during an interaction with senior editors here.His comments came when asked about reports that he had emerged as a front-runner in the race for presidential election as the ruling combination's candidate.Earlier, while on his way to Manila where he attended the 45th Annual Meeting of Asian Development Bank's Board of Governors, Mukherjee had dismissed these reports as speculation.\"It is speculative. I don't want to comment on it,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13017410", "title": "Humans are still evolving", "text": "Darwinian \"survival-of-the-fittest \" laws continue to shape human evolution in the modern age, research led by the University of Sheffield has confirmed.A popular misconception is that humans stopped evolving when they took up farming and embraced monogamy. But evidence from detailed church records of almost 6,000 Finns born between 1760 and 1849 suggests this is not so.Researchers analysed data on economic status, births, deaths and marriages to examine four key natural selection factors: survival to adulthood, mate access, mating success, and fertility.They found that the Finns' natural selection opportunities were on a par with those seen in the wild. Differences in early survival and fertility were responsible for most of the variation in fitness, even among wealthy individuals. Strict adherence to monogamy did not limit the potential for natural selection.Dr Virpi Lummaa, from the University of Sheffield's department of animal and plant sciences, said: \"We have shown advances have not challenged the fact that our species is still evolving, just like all the other species 'in the wild' . It is a common misunderstanding that evolution took place a long time ago, and that to understand ourselves we must look back to the hunter-gatherer days of humans .\"THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13016255", "title": "Hartal affects normal life in Kannur, many stranded", "text": "KANNUR: The hartal called by the UDF following the murder of Revolutionary Marxist Party (RMP) leader T P Chandrasekharan made life miserable for common man here on Saturday.Long-distance travellers who reached the town in the morning were the most affected. \"When I got down at the railway station, I was shocked to hear that someone was murdered and a hartal has been called,\" said a young woman, who is a music student at the Chittoor Government College in Palakkad, as she was waiting for a bus to Thaliparamba.Many people were found stranded at various places in the town in the hope that they would get a bus to their places. However, as no private buses plied on the roads, they had to depend on the KSRTC buses that operated services.Adding to the woes was the road blocks created by UDF workers, who did not permit the private vehicles, especially auto rickshaws to ply. Passengers were seen running fearing attack from the protesters, even as the police stood as mute spectators. A protest meeting was held near the old bus stand.It is high time to raise our voice against hartals, said Dr Shibi P Varghese, a homeo doctor in the town who could not open her clinic due to hartal, who is also the state president of National Form for People's Rights, an NGO working in the filed of human rights protection.Though UDF had said that no shops or establishment would be forced to shut down, the shops, which were opened in the morning, were forced to close down by the agitators. However, no major untoward incidents were reported from any part of the district.An unexpected hartal that once again made life miserable. And those who were mostly affected were the long-distance travellers who reached the town in the morning.\"When I got down at the railway station, I was shocked to hear that someone was murdered and a hartal has been called,\" said a young woman, who is a music student at Chittoor Government College in Palakkad, as she was waiting for the bus to Thaliparamba.Hers is not an isolated case. Many people were found stranded at various spots in the town in the hope that they would get a bus to their places. However, all that they had to depend was the very few KSRTC buses that operated in some routes, as no private buses plied on the roads.Added to their woes was the road blocks created by the UDF workers, who did not permit the private vehicles, especially auto rickshaws to ply on the roads.Near the old bus stand, where a protest meeting was held, they blocked many autos and forced them to go back and some passengers were seen running away fearing attack from the protestors, even as the police stood as mute spectators.It is high time to raise our voice against hartals, said Dr Shibi P Varghese, a homeo doctor in the town who could not open her clinic due to hartal. \"Quit hartal before we quit our life,\" was what the doctor, who is also the state president of NFPR (National Form for People's Rights), an NGO working in the filed of human rights protection, had to say about the frequent shocks given by the political parties.Though UDF had said that no shops or establishment would be forced to close, the reality was just the opposite. The few shops, including the Indian Coffee House at South Bazar, which were opened in the morning, were forced to close by the agitators. However, no major untoward incidents were reported from any part of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13014901", "title": "Underprivileged children have a go at fun camps in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The rest of the city may gripe about a sulphurous summer, but for countless playschools and child development agencies, it's the sweetest season of the year. It's time for money to be made through ambitious summer programmes that sound like they're going to do for your child's cognitive development in four weeks what due process would take a couple of years. Often at Rs 2,000 a week.But while upscale playrooms have been rolling out the yoga mats, children in BMC schools too have been breathing easy, thanks to summer camps conducted by various non-profits. At these programmes, children accustomed to less privileged realities are shown a good time through art, sports, music, theatre, paper craft, dance and other forms of creative expression.At Prateeksha Nagar Municipal School, about a dozen limber young bodies could be seen rehearsing the hip throw, kitted out in their uniforms of white. A fifth-grader, who appeared to be investing much effort into her chops, claimed she was learning judo to keep teasing boys in her rough neighbourhood at bay. In the room next door, the kids were less martial, more material, as they gyrated to the pulse of some Bollywood rap-and-roll. Ear-splitting yells emerged from another room, where a creative physical theatre class was in session, which no doubt the kids in the courtyard practising their asanas tried hard to firewall.\"Most of these children's parents-day labourers and menial workers-are relieved to have them out of their hair in the holidays,\" says Arun Jadhav, project manager with a not-for-profit called CHIP (Children in Progress) , that has been organising summer camps at two BMC schools in Oshiwara for the last six years. \"We usually have these camps for two weeks after the final exams and until the results are declared. After which many children vacation in their native towns,\" he says. There's even a sort of day-care facility for the young siblings of students who would have otherwise had to forgo the classes to chaperone their wards.For the kids, the classes are fun because they allow them to explore extra-curriculars with the freedom of choice. Because the classes are free, there's no guilt on their part for wanting to skip a day. But the programme is so varied and interesting that no one seems to want to play hooky. If anything, the numbers have been growing every year, says Jadhav, who has counted about 200 children this year. No doubt they have full attendance on the last day when there's usually an outing to the Nehru Science Centre or a cinema.At the BMC schools run by the non-profit Aseema in Bandra and Santa Cruz, there's more than fun on the summer cards. \"We've started summer school this year for older children who would benefit from extra tutorials in grammar and math. A Teach for India volunteer will instruct them,\" says Naazish Shah, who coordinates the summer camps for Aseema. Besides the new addition, there's the usual run of sports and art activities. \"Our children usually don't get opportunities to learn new things like kids who are better-off, and so we decided to have these extra-curricular classes for them,\" says Shah, counting among their activities a logo-designing workshop to help kids understand the niceties of corporate branding, and dance lessons by Shiamak Davar's outreach-oriented Victory Art Foundation.While the summer classes are given range and expertise by volunteers who hold specialised workshops in music, drama and so on, it works the other way around as well. Children practised in an art form also play tutors to others their age. A creditable initiative by Akanksha puts children and alumni from the NGO together with children from moneyed homes, and the first lot teaches the second art, something of a specialty at Akanksha. \"This summer we won't be conducting our regular summer camps in Mumbai, but we will have our Art for Akanksha workshops,\" says Ruchika Gupta, director of the art programme. \"We have two batches, one for three- to five-year-olds who learn to make paper clothes and paint canvas bags; the other is for six- to ten-year-olds who learn traditional Indian art forms like Gond, Tanjore, Madhubani and so on,\" she says. \"It gives our kids a great sense of empowerment to be able to teach children who seemingly have everything.\" There's an exhibition at the end, for friends and family, of the work accomplished in the week-long workshops which, this summer, will be held at someone's home in Ashoka Towers in Parel, and later at Candy's in Bandra's Pali Hill.It's not all happening indoors; come summer, a couple of non-profits also take their kids out for a spot of sun. Our Children, for example, ferries 750 kids from 14 orphanages, in batches, to Aksa Beach for a day and night out on the sands. Welfare for Stray Dogs has had youngsters from Salaam Balak Trust and Akanksha visit their kennels at Saat Rasta to wall and bathe the dogs. It's turning out to be a great break for children everywhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13019776", "title": "85% Indian-Americans support Obama for second term: Survey", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Indian-American community has come out in strong support of US President Barack Obama , who kicked off his re-election campaign with two rallies in Ohio and Virginia, with an overwhelming 85 per cent of them favouring a second term for him. About 85 per cent of the Indian-Americans support Obama for a second term, according to a latest survey conducted by Lake Research Partners, a DC-based political consultancy firm, with APIAVote. APIA stands for Asian American Pacific Islander.\"President Obama was strongest among Indian-American voters, leading Mitt Romney by a margin of 76 to eight per cent in the poll, and weakest among Filipino Americans, where the vote was 57 per cent to 20 per cent. Among Chinese Americans, it was 68 per cent for Obama, 8 per cent for Romney,\" said Toby Chaudhuri, veteran strategist and chair of APIAVote. The result of the survey conducted by Lake Research Partners is similar to that of India in New England, an ethnic Indian-American publication, which in an online survey in February had said that 80 per cent of the Indian-Americans support Obama against Romney.According to the Lake Research Partners survey, Indian Americans have the highest favourable opinions of Obama as compared to other Asian-Americans.More than half (51 per cent) have very favourable views on Obama, and 85 per cent overall have favourable views ? compared to 34 per cent of Asian-Americans who hold very favourable views. Indian-Americans are also more negative towards Mitt Romney, with 56 per cent having unfavourable views on him (44 per cent of Asian-Americans have unfavorable views).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017318", "title": "2 jewellers killed in accident near Moshi", "text": "PUNE: Two jewellers were killed after their car lost control and dashed the divider before ramming a tempo that was coming from the opposite side at Bankar Vasthi near Moshi on Pune Nashik highway on Saturday afternoon around 3pm.The MIDC police have identified the deceased as Amit Raimukar (32) of Ahmednagar and Mahesh Dahale (24) of Rahatani in Kalewadi. Dahale was driving the car. Tempo driver Balu Kendre also sustained injuries.The jewelers, both cousins, were heading to Nashik via Pune in their car while the tempo was proceeding to Shikrapur via Pune. They had their jewellery shops at Ahmednagar and Rahatni.Speaking to TOI, senior inspector Dattatraya Patil of MIDC police station said Dahale lost control over the car after its right side tyre burst. Both Dahale and Raimukar were killed on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016541", "title": "Concern over slashing land area for mahadalit families", "text": "PATNA: Speakers at the round table conference, organized on Saturday at A N Sinha Institute of Social Studies under the aegis of Ekta Parishad Bihar (EPB), expressed concern over the state government's decision to reduce the area of land, from 12 dismil (traditional unit of land measurement) to 3 dismil, to be given to the mahadalit families.The speakers described the state government decision in this regard as unfortunate, said EPB spokesman Alok Kumar. The participants included P V Rajagopal, who has launched Jan Satyagrah Samvad Yatra (JSSY) to create public awareness about land reforms, principal adviser to Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), S Sen, Supreme Court lawyer Videh Upadhyay, social workers and activists, among others.The speakers discussed land reform policies, holding dialogue with the government, violence at the grassroots because of land acquisition and industrialization and the kinds of problems faced by political leaders while trying to influence the governments on matters related to land reforms, Kumar said.He said Rajagopal has so far toured 30 districts, including Patna . After a daylong tour of Bhojpur and Buxar districts on Monday, he would start his campaign in Uttar Pradesh, Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "13015332", "title": "Water table dips as sand quarrying goes unchecked", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Ground water table in Nizamabad district has fallen drastically especially in areas where sand is excavated in larger quantities. Though there is a ban on sand mining in the state, contractors continue to dig sand illegally from Manjeera and Godavari river breaches.Deputy director, ground water department, Ramesh Kumar said that ground water levels have depleted considerably due to rampant sand mining. Scores of borewells located in the surrounding areas of sand reaches have already dried up. Sources said on December 12, 2010, the district administration auctioned five sand quarries, including Taggeli in Bodhan mandal, Birkur and Barang Edgi in Birkur mandal, Hasgul in Bichkunda mandal and Velgatoor in Balkonda mandal. But, the sand mafia has been excavating sand illegally from eight points, sources said.According to the ground water department statistics, apart from drought-prone areas, there was a significant fall in the water table in the areas where sand mining is rampant.In Bichkunda, water table rose to 3.74 metres in 2007 from 4.67 metres in 2006. It fell to 4.35 metres in 2008 and 2009 and depleted to 6.90 metres in 2010.In Balkonda, water levels depleted to 19.05 metres in 2007 from 18.75 metres in 2006 and there was no change in 2008.It fell drastically to 17.38 metres in April 2012. In Bheemgal, water level plummeted to 14.52 metres in 2007 from 13.85 metres in May 2006. In 2011, the water table was 13.66 metres and it fell to 14.50 metres in April 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaisalmer/bikaner", "code": "13016631", "title": "Exercise Shoor Veer concludes in Hanumangarh", "text": "JAISALMER/BIKANER: Exercise Shoor Veer, one of the largest-ever summer exercises conducted by Army's Jaipur-based South Western Command, culminated on Saturday. The exercise entailed launch of a theatre offensive by formations of Sapta Shakti Command, namely the 1 Strike Corps and the Bhatinda-based Chetak Corps, as part of a cohesive and synergised 'air land battle' to validate various doctrines and concepts.Defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami said that Exercise Shoor Veer was conducted in the backdrop of various studies conducted on transformation of Army. Synergised employment of all arms and services in enhanced battlefield transparency and employment of various force multipliers was tested. Integrated theatre battle concept in a joint service environment was the bedrock of Exercise Shoor Veer.The complete spectrum of operations from mobilization to execution of battle to operational logistics were validated. The exercise was unique for Army as force and technology were employed in perfect synergy to reap unprecedented dividends. The exercise highlighted the importance of the enhanced battle field transparency and situational awareness achieved by an array of surveillance devices and various force multipliers as manifested by an era of network revolution.He said the Chief of Army Staff, General V K Singh, visited the exercise area along with other dignitaries of Army. At the exercise location he was briefed by Lt Gen Gyan Bhushan, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Sapta Shakti Command about the conduct and events of the exercise. The Chief of Army Staff complimented the Sapta Shakti Command and its formations on their high state of combat preparedness and professional competence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13016813", "title": "Temperature to dip, brace for cloudy spells in coming week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Spelling relief for Delhiites, the Met department said that temperatures are expected to dip again in the coming week. \"A western disturbance over Pakistan and adjoining Afghanistan and will affect the western Himalayas for a few days,\" said a Met official. \"That, however, is a weak system and should not affect the plains too much. Most of its impact will be over the hills. What is bringing a change in the plains and causing cloudiness is local circulation over Rajasthan.\"The department said rain and thundershowers were expected at one or two places over Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand till Sunday and would increase subsequently.Besides Delhi, dust storms and thundershowers could be seen in a few parts of Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and western Madhya Pradesh. \"In a few days, we can expect an increase in thundershower activity over the western Himalayan region and the plains of northwest India. The maximum temperature will be 2-3 degrees below normal over northwest, central and east India. This will continue till May 10,\" said the official.While Delhi is yet to officially touch 40 degrees, Palam has already recorded over 40 degrees in the past two days. On Saturday, its maximum went up to 40.7 degrees celsius. Neighbouring Gurgaon too felt the heat at 40 degree celsius.Delhi's minimum continued to remain below normal at 24.4 degrees celsius. \"Already, some clouding has started over northwest India and Delhi recorded a slight increase in humidity levels by evening. Sunday is likely to be warm as well with the maximum expected to go up to 40 degrees and minimum also to rise slightly to 25 degrees.The day, however, is expected to remain partly cloudy,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016118", "title": "Employees to oppose central govt's move against Supreme Court order", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after UP cabinet decided to abide by the Supreme Court order of April 27 that quashed the policy of reservation in promotions, state government employees, on Saturday, burst into celebrations.But they apprehended that the UP government initiative may be thwarted by the Central government which seeks to bring in a constitutional amendment that may subvert the SC order.In fact the pitch of celebrations turned somewhat low as the employees gave a statewide call for a convention on May 9 to decide on the future course of action. Protesting under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, the employees threatened to take the protest to Delhi in case the SC order was not adhered to.The employees also kept their fingers crossed as the draft ordinance, that would set aside the controversial policy, was sent to Uttar Pradesh Governor BL Joshi for his approval.Raj Bhawan sources said that the governor is yet to see the draft document as he was out of the city.The ordinance, if approved by the UP governor, will be subjected to clearance by the UP assembly which is scheduled later this month. It would be cake walk for the Samajwadi Party which enjoys the absolute majority in the house.Sources said that the ordinance seeks to do away with Section 3(7) and section 8(A) of UP government employee seniority rules that brought the controversial policy into effect in 2007.President of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, Shailendra Dubey said that the employees will oppose any move of the Centre to subvert the SC order. \"The issue has taken a political shape which is not good,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015140", "title": "Malaria cases rise by 186 per cent in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The cases of malaria and dengue are on the rise in the city. This year, while dengue cases registered an increase of 25%, there was a sharp increase in cases of malaria by 186% between January and April.During the weekly review meeting of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohopatra directed the engineering division and the health department to remain vigilant.The AMC has decided to recruit six junior entomologists for various hospitals of the corporation. Apart from entomologists, the AMC has also decided to expedite the process of recruitment of 300 multipurpose health workers. From June 1, AMC will have a separate OPD for cases related to fevers.Also, the AMC has decided to carry out door-to-door surveys at least twice in a month during the monsoon period. During the meeting, it was decided to take steps against units which were selling stale and unhygienic food in the city. Some 1,000 food samples had been taken for testing, of which 112 were found unfit for consumption. AMC officials will continuously monitor the quality of water in the city, especially at eating joints on roadsides.Officials have been instructed to carry out intensive raids on ice manufacturing facilities and units involved in selling packaged drinking water. Moreover, AMC will act against office bearers of societies at which overhead or underground water tanks are not cleaned regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13015586", "title": "Doctors to fast until they get report", "text": "The PGI administration did not bow down to the deadline pressure proposed by PGI resident doctors to submit the fact finding committee's report on Saturday, and rather, asked the conflicting parties- doctors and the technicians- to produce evidence before the committee decides over the issue.The committee will give its report accordingly on Monday. The 500 resident doctors at PGI have declared they will fast on Monday wearing black badges in protest until the report is submitted in their favour.Following the administration's decision, a general body meeting of resident doctors was held at the PGI on Saturday evening. \"We will wear black badges on Monday until the report is submitted. Depending on how favourable the report is, we will decide future course of action,\" said Dr Sandeep Patel, president, association of resident doctors.On Thursday, over 100 resident doctors had assembled outside director's office to protest against the disrespectful behaviour of an OT technician towards a doctor. The doctors at the anesthesia department had complained about the OT technician Gurpreet Sethi, who has been accused of locking Dr Ajay Mishra in a washroom and trying to physically attack him.Dr Sandeep said on Saturday, \"This technician used to refuse to accompany doctors whenever asked to shift patients on ventilator or change the tube. Several written complaints have been made in written regarding spread of infection, but nothing has been done so far.\"The doctors are demanding technician Sethi must tender a written apology and he be suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015215", "title": "House-grabbing sadhu gets HC eviction notice", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In connection with a house in Shastrinagar that has been allegedly usurped by a sadhu, the Gujarat high court has observed that he does not have any right to occupy the house, which was just shared with him by one Dinesh Shah to perform rituals.The HC has also admitted the case, wherein applicant Dinesh Trivedi has questioned not only police action, but also the sadhu's possession of the house belonging to his mother-in-law in Shastrinagar of Naranpura.In this case, when Shah used to stay alone, Rohit Vasavada alias Swami Chinmayanand performed meditation and prayers in the house as they were associated with Nityanand Sewa Trust. After Shah's demise, the swami took over the possession of the house and denied entry to Shah's two daughters, who came to perform last rituals from abroad - Bindi and Jigna.Shah's heirs requested the sadhu to vacate the house. saying that it was not the trust's property and if the sadhu wanted to perform rituals he could do at the headquarters of the trust, but he did not budge.Instead, the sadhu filed an FIR with Naranpura police station against the NRGs. Trivedi wrote to the city police commissioner indicating at connivance of local police with the sadhu.While the police commissioner ordered an inquiry against alleged involvement of the cops, Trivedi also moved the HC to get the FIR quashed. The high court immediately stayed investigation and sought explanation from police. tnnLast week, Justice Anant Dave admitted the case and observed that the sadhu is \"ranked outsider and has no title, ownership, occupancy or possessory right and even the trust has no locus to enter into the house belonging to Shah and legal heirs should continue to occupy the premise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13008752", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina in London Ishq", "text": "London Ishq. That's the title of the Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif starrer being directed by Yash Chopra .There hasn't been an official announcement of the title yet, though. Incidentally, one of the recently released film stills shows SRK playing a guitar. It reminds us of his first film Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge (1995), with the production house with those posters prominently showing SRK playing a guitar. We hear that the film is about Khan's struggle to become a successful musician. Hmm... all we can say is: Rock on!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13019792", "title": "Facebook IPO to make Mark Zukerberg pay $903 million in taxes", "text": "NEW YORK: The US tax authorities are in for a major windfall from Facebook chief Mark Zukerberg, as the upcoming IPO of the social networking giant could make him pay in taxes as much as $903 million (about Rs 5,000 crore).Interestingly, his total estimated tax payout amounts to more than 85 per cent of the total proceeds of about $1.045 billion Zuckerbeg is expected to rake in from part sale of his own shares in Facebook -- leaving him with a net cash proceeds of just about $142 million (about Rs 700 crore).Facebook's IPO is slated to hit the market later this year and could fetch in between $77-96 billion, depending on the investors' appetite.The IPO roadshow, which would seek to attract investors for putting in their money in the social media behemoth, would begin tomorrow.As per an analysis by US-based research firm, PrivCo, the 27-year old Zukerberg stands to pay as much as $714 million in national taxes and another $189 million as state taxes to California, while still pocketing $142 million.\"According to our calculations, Mark Zuckerberg will be paying an estimated $189 million payment to the State of California this year as a result of the Facebook IPO, expected to be completed this month,\" PrivCo Founder &amp; CEO Sam Hamadeh said.PrivCo assumes total tax of 43 per cent, a combination of maximum federal tax of 36 per cent and the maximum California tax of 9.3 per cent, less partial federal deductions for state taxes paid.\"He will have to incur a combined state and federal tax rate of 43 per cent on the $2.1 billion for a total tax payment of $903 million incurred at the IPO date,\" PrivCo said in its report.The agency added that the tax proceeds from Zuckerberg will help the State of California deal with budget deficits.\"The funds are badly needed as California continues to suffer from budget deficits, and could not have come at a better time for the state,\" Hamadeh said.Zuckerberg, who holds a total of 533.8 million shares, would sell 30.2 million shares in the IPO - garnering about $1.05 billion in cash at the high end of the proposed price range of $28-35 for the sale of shares. The 30.2 million shares, PrivCo noted, would be used to finance the tax liability due at the time of the IPO.The remaining 504 million shares held by the young CEO after the IPO would be worth $17.6 billion, if Facebook hits the top of its IPO price range.\"More taxes will come due as more shares are sold beginning in December and well into 2013 after the traditional 180-day post-IPO 'lock-up' period expires and employees can sell even more shares, resulting in new capital gains taxes to California - and the IRS ( Internal Revenue Service ) - with each new stock sale,\" Hamdeh noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "rishi nagar", "code": "13015890", "title": "Manjeet wants to start a football club", "text": "RISHI NAGAR: Manjeet Singh of Rishi Nagar dreams of establishing a football club comprising of talented yet unrecognized players in city. At present, he is coaching 70 players, out of which 30 are learning football free of cost. Having played for Punjab state team in national level football tournaments and in Delhi and Kolkatta-based football club, Manjeet says the game is his life.He adds, \"If I had to live even a single day without it, I would not be able to survive.\" Manjeet. 34, said, \"This city has huge talent pool of football players but has no coaches. I have decided to hunt talented players and groom them. I would build Ludhiana's own football club.\"Manjeet's passion for the game started early. \"At the age of 12, I started playing football in Ramgarhia Public School and later joined Sport Wing, Nabha, where I started practising professionally under coach Gurmeet Singh.\"He said, \"Along with playing in Punjab team, I started playing in two prominent clubs of New Delhi - National Football Club and Hindustan Football Club. I played there for three years and for a year played for Tollygunge Football Club of Kolkatta. Here unfortunately I met with injury in 2005 so had to leave the game and take up coaching.\"Working towards making his dream a reality, Manjeet said, \"I have selected some talented boys from slums of city to groom them. I provide them free sports equipment and coaching on every Sunday.\" He adds, \"This city can produce more talented footballers, but due to lack of interest of sports authorities, things have turned out very different here.\" Manjeet has selected four players from Imphal, Mizoram, and plans to bring them here for his club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13021393", "title": "Nine labourers killed in Mangalore road accident", "text": "MANGALORE: Nine persons were killed in a road accident at Jokatte here on Sunday, police said.The mishap occurred when the tempo driver lost control of the vehicle leading to it falling into a gorge. The tempo was carrying labourers to Mangalore Special Economic Zone site. The vehicle, meant for transporting goods, was being allegedly used to carry labourers to the site.The MSEZ has employed around 25,000 labourers for civil and other construction work. As many as 10 injured labourers have been hospitalised. There were around 25 labourers in the vehicle, all hailing from north India, mainly from Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Bihar.Angered by the tragedy the locals pelted stones at another MSEZ tempo which was also carrying labourers and passing by Jokatte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13024823", "title": "Vehicles to be fined, suspended for exceeding capacity", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam commissioner of transport Beni Madhab Doley has asked the district transport officers (DTOs) and enforcement staff of the state to take stringent measures against passenger carrying vehicles that exceed the maximum limit.\"The district transport officer and enforcement staff are directed to take strong action not only by imposing fine but also suspending the vehicle under the provision of MV Act &amp; rules. The observation has come from the highest executive of the state and this commission will not hesitate to take stringent action against the erring officials responsible for such plying of vehicle,\" Doley said. The transport commissioner also instructed the district transport officials to take action against tourist vehicles that are playing with the lives of tourists from abroad and from the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "13016736", "title": "Jewels, cash worth 4 lakh stolen", "text": "THANJAVUR: Unidentified persons broke open a house and decamped with jewels and cash worth Rs 4 lakh from a house in Thanjavur in the early hours of Saturday.Subramanian (57) a bank staff residing at Ezhil Nagar in Municipal colony, Thanjavur had gone on a pilgrimage to Tiruchendur with his family on Friday morning. When they returned home in the early hours of Saturday, they were shocked to find that the door of their house had been broken open. Fifteen sovereigns of gold ornaments, one kg of silver items and Rs 5,000 cash kept inside the almirah were found to be missing.Thanjavur medical college police led by DSP Jose Thangaiah rushed to the spot and fingerprint experts took samples. Police have registered a case. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13016322", "title": "Sports students to get health insurance coverage", "text": "THRISSUR: The Kerala State Sports Council (KSSC) is providing comprehensive health insurance coverage for students who stay in KSSC hostels and who represent the state in any national meet. The insurance coverage programme will be implemented from the next academic year.KSSC president Padmini Thomas said, \"The standing committee has taken a decision in this regard. This will be implemented in June. We will soon invite expression of interest from insurance companies and take a decision on the amount of insurance for each student.\"Sports students who meet with accidents or get injured while undergoing practice or on their way to participate in a meet will get the insurance coverage. KSSC has 14 school hostels, 29 college hostels and 17 centralized hostels across Kerala. At present, 1,600 students are staying in KSSC hostels.Padmini Thomas also said the cash awards announced for sportspersons, including Indian hockey team goal keeper P R Sreejesh, since 2008 would be distributed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13015910", "title": "Meet with Hillary Clinton indicates Mamata Banerjee's value on national scene", "text": "KOLKATA: More than asking for anything concrete during her meeting with Hillary Clinton, Mamata Banerjee is likely to capitalize on the mileage she will derive from it. The West Bengal chief minister is scheduled to meet the US secretary of state at Writers' Buildings on Monday.Observers in the US consulate believe that Hillary wants to meet Mamata as the importance of regional leaders is growing; Delhi is no longer the last word in Indian politics. That she is keen on meeting Mamata is ample testimony to the latter's growing importance on the national scene, something the mercurial chief minister should be able to use to carve out a stronger position for herself.There are concrete issues which are of importance to the US, which Hillary may or may not raise during her meeting with Mamata. For instance, pleading the case of Wal-Mart which wants to enter the Indian retail market. But it is well understood that the move to open up the retail market to FDI has got stalled primarily because of Mamata's opposition. There is, therefore, the growing realization in the US that besides the government in Delhi, it is also important to build a rapport with powerful regional leaders like Mamata.The fact that Hillary is arriving in Kolkata straight from Dhaka lends credence to the belief that she would like to understand firsthand the reasons for Mamata's opposition to the sharing of Teesta water with Bangaldesh. With elections due in Bangladesh next year, the failure to clinch the Teesta water sharing deal will be a handicap for the Sheikh Hasina government and could strengthen fundamentalist forces there. And, the US will not like that.If Hillary suggests sharing of Teesta water with Bangladesh on a 50:50 basis, Mamata might point out that this could be too high, and in any case, there was not enough water in the river because of hydel power projects coming up in its upper reaches. She would argue in favour of a reasonable quantum of water for north Bengal and may also suggest seasonal variations in the formula for sharing.On the part of the Mamata Banerjee government, there seems to be little formal preparation for the big meeting ahead. \"We haven't received any such indication,\" says a consulate official. If anything, senior ministers of the state government appear to be looking forward to the meeting with some trepidation.While the government is keen on raising with the secretary of state the question of American investments in Bengal - a state starved of new investments - the apprehension is that Hillary may use the opportunity to push the case of Wal-Mart setting up a retail chain in the state. \"Such people don't come without any rhyme or reason,\" as industries minister Partha Chatterjee puts it. Like in the case of SEZ status for Infosys, FDI in retail is also a bitter pill that Mamata may just refuse to swallow.Observers agree, however, that a visit by the US secretary of state is a big occasion and the state government should be ready to reap the maximum mileage from Hillary's meeting with Mamata. The time is more opportune for the government because Mamata's coming to power - unseating the Left Front government after 34 years of rule - has generated a keen interest in America and the US government may be interested in extending a helping hand in its success.If the secretary of state leaves Kolkata impressed with the \"progress\" that has been achieved by the new government in its first year, it may pave the way for American businessmen taking a closer interest in Bengal as an investment destination. It has been a long time since - not since the days of Singur and Nandigram agitation - an American business delegation has visited Kolkata. Convincing the businessmen that land will not be a problem in setting up industries in the state is a hurdle that will have to be crossed later.Showcasing Bengal to Clinton will send a favourable message back to Washington and may help loosen the purse strings of multilateral funding agencies for the state. Agencies like the World Bank have not funded new projects in the state for some time. One of the last was modernization of the district hospitals. Though, overall, the importance of such funding agencies in India is believed to have gone down, their help may still be of importance to a government which is finding it difficult to run its public projects for shortage of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13019347", "title": "Manipuri student's death: CM urges Gowda to expedite probe", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur chief minister O Ibobi Singh has urged his Karnataka counterpart D V Sadananda Gowda to expedite investigation into the mysterious death of a Manipuri student in a Bangalore hostel last month, official sources said on Sunday.Singh had on Saturday asked Gowda to personally look into the matter on the sidelines of the chief ministers' meeting on National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) at New Delhi.Gowda assured Singh that all steps would be taken by his government to probe the death of Richard Loitam (19), a second year student of architecture at a private college in Bangalore on April 19.There has been protests against the incident by students and social organisations in Manipur in the past two weeks. Protest rallies were held in Bangalore, New Delhi to seek justice for Loitam.Official sources here today said Senior Superintendent of Police P Dhanakumar has reached Bangalore to probe the matter jointly with the Karnataka Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "13015815", "title": "Batalvi made her study Punjabi", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Manu Sharma Sohal knew nothing about Punjabi language but the songs written by eminent Punjabi poet, Shiv Kumar Batalvi made such a deep impact on her that she developed taste for the language. Remembering him on his death anniversary, Manu said that the only objective behind learning Punjabi language for her was to read the literature written by Batalvi.Manu said, \"My two works on Batalvi are ready to be published. One of my book is a biography of this legendary poet, \"Shiv Batalavi - Saadeean Smritieean Vich\" and the other \"Shiv Batalavi Te Usdi Kaav Sirjna\" is based on critical appreciation of Shiv's poetry.Though, Manu did not know the language well, she did postgraduation after shifting to Ludhiana in Gani only to be able to understand his writings well.A resident of BRS Nagar, Manu said, \"I did my graduation from Delhi University, but in 1970 my family migrated to Ludhiana. In 1973, I came across Shiv Kumar Batalvi's writings and was left highly influenced.\"She added, \"I knew Punjabi but was not fluent in the language so to learn Punjabi well I pursued post graduation in Giani and after completing my degree I did my doctorate on the comparative study on the work of Shiv Kumar Batalvi and Gopal Dass Neeraj.\"She said, \"My new books would explore his life in new and different way. Most people relate Batalvi with romantic poetry, but in my new book I highlight the fact that Batalvi dedicated his poetry to women, peace and harmony.\" Elaborating on the contets of her new book, Manu said, \"In \"Shiv Batalavi - Saadeean Smritieean Vich\" I have penned the experiences of people related to Shiv - his friends, relatives and family. I have met and interacted with a lot of people while writing this book.\"Manu, 60, said, \"I also have a memorabilia related to Shiv and visited his house in Batala many times to know more about this poet.\"Manu's daughter Sugandha Sharma and husband R P Sharma are her greatest inspiration, Manu added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13015351", "title": "Drive against tinted glass: 63 vehicles fined", "text": "BHOPAL: More than 63 vehicles were fined on Saturday, a day after the deadline set for its implementation by Supreme Court, for using tinted glasses in four wheelers in violation of the provisions specified in the motor vehicles act.The issue was prominently raised by the TOI after the Apex Court gave its orders in this regard on April 27. The traffic police was guided by common sense in absence of visibility testing meter to check the opacity of the glass in the vehicles, the officials said.The traffic police said arrangement to video record the vehicles was also made at the checking spots to defend the case in court but it was not required since as none of the violators caught resisted.The deputy superintendent of police M S Chhari said, \"We have already written to the police headquarters for providing the transparency checking meters and till that time, the traffic police would fine vehicles by using common sense. In total 63 vehicles were fined for using dark glasses and Rs 150 was charged as the fine from every vehicle owner\", he addedBesides, the traffic squad, the police stations have also been asked to carry out the drives to check four wheelers with tinted glasses. The officials claimed that the drive would continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13016242", "title": "Designs, the bold and the beautiful", "text": "KANNUR: They represent the fashion-conscious generation with an urban sensibility. But when it comes to designs it is the strength of tradition that stands highlighted. And it is this weaving of modern with tradition which made the graduation show of the first batch of students at the National institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT), Kannur, at the North Malabar Chamber of Commerce hall here on Friday, a different experience.While 29 students from different parts of the country, who did Bachelor of Textile Design (B Des) came up with innovative designs in home furnishing to apparel, 22 of the apparel production department (BF Tech) made video presentation of their conceptual vision in design and technology.Even as they underscored a modern sensibility, most of them acknowledge that their strength lay in the local wisdom of Indian weavers, and that they were merely executing that in a new way.\"My experiment was on how best to use home furnishing yarns on apparels,\" said Abhilasha Kumari from Bihar , who completed her graduation in textile designing.\"I want to create a new sensibility, giving the design elements in 'kasavu sari' of south India a new look using tassar silk ,\" she said. And, of course, she wants to project traditional textile in a modern context so that it would be accepted by a wider world, both east and west.Lakshmi Menon's creation is a series of home furnishing designs aimed at the Japanese market using floral motifs, while Swathi Sain has tried to give a contemporary look to traditional textiles using cotton and silk.And for Chandrasekhar Peddalal, it was the moods of the beach, from sunrise to sunset, that captured his fancy, and he has tried to translate that into bright colours on his apparel designs. \"I want to focus on the fashion requirements of the urban Muslim women , and I design apparels keeping that in mind,\" he said.For Nikita Shah, who was adjudged the best designer in the batch, it is the traditional Maheswari sari designs of Madhya Pradesh that inspires her. \"By giving a new feeling to this 18th century design created by a woman ruler, which is today mainly used by older women, I want to popularize it among the younger generation,\" she said.There are also a few here who have departed from tradition and focused on post-modern sensibility in fashion designing. Kavya Rajan is one such. She calls her creation 'urban pop', and uses collages of words, figures and pop images like goggles and blend them with graphic design elements resembling high-rise buildings to create a bright new series for the \"crazy, naughty, urban generation\".\"Yes, I want my design to cater to the teens, especially those in the US,\" she asserts.The young generation designers now hope their creations would act as a bridge between the east and the west.Of course, this is not just a crazy dream, but a reality, say college authorities, as all those who have passed outs in the first batch have already got placements. Most of the final year students too have found placement offers in different parts of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017395", "title": "State will clear metro project next week: Ajit", "text": "PUNE: The state government will clear the 14.295-km Vanaz-Ramwadi elevated rail corridor proposal next week, said deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar here on Saturday.\"There is no confusion about it. I will take the proposal to the chief minister on Monday and it should be cleared by the state cabinet next week,\" Pawar asserted.The development comes close on the heels of the Union urban development ministry's decision to consider metros in cities with a 20-lakh plus population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016074", "title": "Swami Sanand force fed", "text": "Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist Prof GD Agrawal), who was on fast unto death for the cause of Ganga, was force fed at the Shiv Prasad Gupta Hospital on Saturday. According to Dr DB Singh, superintendent in chief, Swami Sanand was force fed as his health condition was deteriorating. He is under the observation of doctors. However, everything is normal except some ketone bodies were detected in urine. Swami Sanand was admitted to the hospital by the local administration around midnight on Friday.It may be mentioned here that he went on hunger strike leaving water for the third time on May 2 demanding uninterrupted flow of Ganga.Meanwhile, the save Ganga movement of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam continued with participation of volunteers of different social organisation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016126", "title": "State yet to lift Centre's allocated grain, finds Right to Information", "text": "LUCKNOW: Procuring foodgrains from the Centre and making it available to the poor families may not be a priority with the Uttar Pradesh government. Findings of an RTI query reveals that the state has not lifted any amount of the foodgrains allocated to it by the Centre, last year, so that people in the poor districts do not starve or die of malnutrition.It was in May 2011 that the apex court had asked the Centre to release 50 lakh tonnes of foodgrains to the poorest districts in the country during summer months, as it is the period when malnutrition and starvation deaths increase.The Union ministry of consumer affairs, food and public distribution in October 2011 had released 1,21,443 tonne of foodgrains under Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) and 1,95,281 tonnes of foodgrains to BPL families. States can lift the foodgrains till October 2012. However, UP has not lifted any foodgrains, since the time of allocation till now.According to the information provided by the ministry, to an RTI query by Saleem Baig, the Centre requested the state governments to lift their food grain allocated to them for distribution to people in the poorest districts. Many of these poverty-stricken districts have a person starving to death almost on a daily basis.Most of these 150 poverty-stricken districts have starvation deaths taking place every day. Uttar Pradesh has maximum number of districts identified as the poorest. Twenty districts, including six in Bundelkhand region, are among the beneficiaries.Initially, the Centre had identified 174 districts as the intended ones, but, later 150 districts in 27 states were chosen for distribution of 50 lakh tonne of foodgrains. In 2010-11, states had lifted only 40% of the allotted share of foodgrains, 41.90 lakh tonne from the allotted 105.66 lakh tonne.Responding to the query, the Centre said that allotted foodgrains are meant for distribution among BPL families. Blame it on the lack of storage facilities and administrative apathy, tonnes of foodgrains rot in different states, while lying in the open. On the other hand, there are people dying of hunger and malnutrition.Twenty of the poorest districts in the country are in UP. These are: Sonbhadra, Rae Bareli, Unnao, Sitapur, Fatehpur, Lakhimpur Kheri, Lalitpur, Hardoi, Banda, Chitrakoot, Mirzapur, Kushinagar, Mahoba, Hamirpur, Barabanki, Gorakhpur, Jalaun, Kaushambi, Azamgarh and Pratapgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13015365", "title": "Shehla murder case: CBI to file chargesheet before May 27", "text": "BHOPAL: Delhi CBI special crime cell will chargesheet the five accused, including alleged key conspirator Zahida Parvez, in the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case before May 27.\"We are going to file the chargesheet before May 27 in the specially designated CBI court in Indore,\" an official said. \"First two arrests in the activist's murder case were made on February 28. The agency is required to file chargesheet within 90 days of the arrest of the accused\", he added.Delhi special crime cell has started stringing together the evidences to prepare the chargesheet, officials said.According to investigation underway in the case, local interior designer Zahida with the help of a local intermediate Saqib Ali or Danger hired Uttar Pradesh's Kanpur based sharp shooters Irfan and Tabish Khan to kill Shehla on August 16.The interior designer got Shehla murdered as she was jealous with the activist's closeness with local BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh, CBI sources said.Zahida was so obsessed with Dhruv that she hired the shooters for Rs five lakh to eliminate the activist, they added. The CBI claimed to have recovered the country made pistol used to kill her. Zahida, her friend Saba Farooqui, history sheeter Danger, Irfan and Tabish are in judicial custody in Indore, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13016305", "title": "Italian ship the Enrica Lexie leaves Kochi after 80-day detention", "text": "KOCHI: Italian ship the Enrica Lexie on Saturday evening left for Colombo from Kochi port, where it had been detained for 80 days following the February 15 firing that killed two Indian fishermen.The ship was allowed to weigh anchor after its owners furnished a demand draft for Rs 3 crore as surety before the high court of Kerala.The Kerala police detained the oil tanker after marines from the Italian navy's San Marco Battalion, on board the ship, had allegedly shot at an Indian fishing boat. Two marines, part of Italy's anti-piracy efforts, were arrested following the incident, and have been lodged in Thiruvananthapuram central prison.The Supreme Court had on Wednesday paved the way for the conditional release of the ship. The court ordered that ship be released after the shipping firm, Dolphin Tankers, had submitted a bond for Rs 3 crore and an undertaking to present the remaining four marines and crew members as and when required for further investigation.Senior counsel V J Mathew, representing Dolphin Tankers, approached the registrar general of the high court seeking an order to release the ship and expressed willingness to furnish a bond of Rs 3 crore.The registrar general reportedly denied to accept the bond, but insisted that a demand draft or fixed deposit for Rs 3 crore be furnished to facilitate the release of the vessel. The counsel substituted the bond with a demand draft drawn from Standard Chartered Bank and obtained the release order.Mathew told TOI that the ship's owners were planning to file a contempt of court petition in the Supreme Court as the registrar general and the registrar in charge of judiciary of the Kerala high court showed disregard to the apex court's order, which had allowed the ship to sail on the strength of a bond of Rs 3 crore.The high court division bench here had on March 30 stayed a single bench's order allowing the ship to leave on a bank guarantee of Rs 3.1 crore. Later, Dolphin Tankers moved the apex court against the stay. Besides staying the single bench's order, the division bench had orally expressed its unhappiness over the conditions laid down by the single bench. On appealing, the apex court disagreed with the division bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13024719", "title": "National Counter Terrorism Centre cannot ignore human rights: Ibobi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Manipur chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh said human rights must be taken into consideration while setting up the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC). Speaking at the conference of chief ministers on NCTC in New Delhi on Sunday, Singh said: \"It is the duty of the government to protect basic human rights while granting unbounded powers to arrest under section 43A of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.\"He said NCTC officials must share intelligence with state police and jointly carry out anti-terror operations. Arrested persons should be handed over to the nearest police station and interrogated jointly, he added. Ibobi said: \"A similar provision in the Armed Forces Special Powers Act, 1958 - whereby security forces must hand over apprehended persons to the state police - has come under criticism and many cases of human rights abuse have been reported.\"Ibobi said the state was in agreement with the Centre's decision to set up NCTC as an institutional mechanism for independent and autonomous collection of counter terrorism intelligence and to take firm and timely action for tackling terror-related activities. He said he believed NCTC was a credible step in the direction to provide institutional capability to negate and neutralize terrorist and anti-national forces.Making a reference to Manipur; the CM said: \"We are facing a serious security challenge with militant groups indulging in anti-national activities and extortions, kidnappings for ransom, threat and intimidation to officials and contractors engaged in the development process. The extortions by NSCN (IM) cadres from transporters along our National Highways are rampant despite the deployment of security forces. Works on national projects like the railway line from Jiribam to Tupul and Imphal have been hampered by militants.\"He also said that the porous India-Myanmar border, gives militants access to sophisticated arms and ammunition. \"These weapons are used to intimidate contractors, engineers and officials. No one in the state is left untouched by this malaise which impacts our ability to implement development schemes for our people,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "it's a chilly spring day in moscow. dressed in a jacket, flat cap and muffler viktor strolls down the cobbled street in front of the kremlin. as the sun shines bright, the 74-year-old former engineer parks himself on a bench near the memorial of the fallen soldiers. with his blue eyes darting across the red wall, he recalls the old days", "code": "13016347", "title": "Give comrades Bollywood", "text": "It's a chilly spring day in Moscow. Dressed in a jacket, flat cap and muffler Viktor strolls down the cobbled street in front of the Kremlin. As the sun shines bright, the 74-year-old former engineer parks himself on a bench near the memorial of the fallen soldiers. With his blue eyes darting across the red wall, he recalls the old days: the military marches during the Brezhnev era; the putsch which toppled Gorbachov; and the gun battles when Yeltsinwas in charge. And he also remembers his younger days - the Khruschev time, when he would walk the city streets humming Awarahoon and trying to walk like that tramp he loved - Raj Kapoor.The grainy image of a vagabond in a coat with patches, shoes with holes, serenading a girl under a leaking umbrella on a Bombay street is now a faded memory at home. But Raj Kapoor still lives in the imagination of many Russians - not necessarily the old. \"I saw Awara in 1954. I can't still get this song out of my head. My sons and grandsons can sing it, too,\" says Viktor. Memories of Raj Kapoor come in waves, cutting through the fog of years and chaos Viktor's generation has seen. He is the legend that has survived the tides of time. At the flea market near the Red Square, people - old and young - tell the tramp's stories: how the Russians fell in love with him in 1952 when Awara was released in theatres across the Soviet Union, and how a crowd picked Raj Kapoor's car (with the actor in it) and carried it to his hotel from a theatre during his first trip to Russia in 1954.Even today, no talk about India and Russia is complete without Awara. On April 13, whenforeign minister S M Krishna inaugurated Open India - a festival of modern Indian films inMoscow - to mark the 65 years of diplomatic ties between the two nations and called Raj Kapoor a \"household name in Russia\" , the jam-packed Moscow International Performing Arts Centre erupted with applause . The venue was crammed with India lovers: young girls in saris, old scholars speaking fluent Hindi, and boys learning Bollywood dancing. The Russians understand India through Hindi films and they complain they don't have enough Indian movies there. But they lament that not a single Indian movie has been released in city cinemas since 1992. Lyudmila Lipeiko, the director of the festival, says Russians want to see Indian films in theatres, and not on DVDs. \"Our governments should work out plans to make sure that Indian films are easily and officially available here,\" says Lipeiko. \"Raj Kapoor was so popular because people could see his films in theatres.\"Raj Kapoor's popularity was not an accident. The Soviet government bought at least 20 Indian movies every year, got them dubbed in Russian and released them in theatres. According to estimates, Indian films shown in the USSR drew an audience of 55-60 million every year. \"Devastated by World War II, we were trying to rebuild the country when we saw Raj Kapoor, a man who had nothing but a red Russian cap on his head and hope in his heart. He gave us hope,\" says Viktor. \"Russia is a different country now, but people still like Hindi films.\"India and Russia are both emerging countries now, sharing many things including their love for Bollywood. \"The thought is to show a new India and diffuse stereotypes,\" says Andrey Terebenin, a member of a executive house of Sistema that is sponsoring the Open India festival. The younger generation here is in love with new actors. At Arbat street, a fashionable shopping area, on seeing a group of Indians , a girl shouts, \"Say hello to Shahrukh Khan .\" At Roslan theatre, where 3 Idiots was screened as part of the 10-day festival, girls jostled to get actor Sharman Joshi's autograph and media crews stood in queue to interview him. The actor looked surprised at the attention.But the young generation likes Bollywood for different reasons. \"I love Bollywood dancing. I am taking classes in it,\" says Elena, a 21-year-old student. Others find Bollywood's emotional quotient appealing . Mikhail, a journalism student, says Aamir Khan's Taare Zameen Par made him cry. \"I like Indian films because they are sentimental, unlike Hollywood flicks which are all special effects,\" says the Moscow resident. \"Also, in Bollywood films, it's always the good guys who win in the end. Hollywood shows too much war, too much American propaganda.\"But Hollywood is the mainstay here. \"After the Soviet Union collapsed, Hollywood began offering their films free of cost. Now they have captured the whole market,\" says Vladimir, 45, a big fan of Mithun Chakraborty's Disco Dancer.However, with festivals like Open India, Bollywood may regain some lost ground. Indian officials understand the power of Indian cinema. \"Bollywood has given a window to the Russian people to see and understand Indian culture in a better perspective. Bollywood can also play a significant role in promoting people-to-people contact,\" says A P Anshuman, director of the Indian Cultural Centre in Moscow.But, with more than 25% of the industry's overseas box office revenues coming from North America , Bollywood's priorities lie in tapping the NRI market. This could be a mistake. \"There are only 15,000 Indians in Russia, but every family in this country of 150 million is familiar with Bollywood. If they release Indian films in theatres again, people will flock just like the old days,\" says Vladimir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016671", "title": "Bihar Chamber of Commerce calls for changes in existing norms", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Chamber of Commerce (BCC) on Saturday expressed shock over the denial of special category status to Bihar by the Union government.BCC president O P Sah said after the constitution of the inter-ministerial group to take a decision on the matter by the Prime Minister, the people of the state were hoping that the Centre would grant special category state status to Bihar.By denying the state its rightful claim, the Centre has once again shown its gross negligence for Bihar, Sah pointed out.He said by taking such an unrealistic decision, the Centre has also once again failed to fulfil the constitutional obligation of a federal government which does not allow any discrimination against any state. He said the inter-ministerial group has not allowed special status to Bihar on the plea that Bihar does not fit the bill for grant of \"special category\" as its parameters included geographical isolation, inaccessible terrain, poor resource base, remoteness to larger market and poor infrastructure.The BCC president said the qualification norms set by the NDC for grant of special category status to states does not have any constitutional ground nor is mandatory. Hence, these are subject to amendment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13014952", "title": "Will banning black film on glasses in vehicles reduce accidents and crimes?", "text": "The reason for using black film glasses for vehicles is not very clear. The black film glasses will darken the place inside the car and the driver will not be able to see clearly, both inside and outside the vehicle. There will be error in judgement when driving especially at night and this can cause road mishaps. Besides, police will not be able to see if any criminal activity takes place in the car like kidnappings or transportation of stolen goods. As a result crime detection will be a problem and it will facilitate illegal activities. So the ban is necessary.Mauricio Colaco, human resources manager, VelimWith increasing reports of abductions and rapes, the Supreme Court order banning black film on glasses in vehicles is a good decision. It may reduce crime but it cannot entirely do away with crimes. So, it is essential that police should do their duty of maintaining law and order diligently. Above all, they must be well-equipped, well-trained and adequately staffed. They must also be vigilant and promptly respond to complaints.Sphurti Kothare, lawyer, NavelimThe decision to ban black film on glasses of vehicles is a right one as it can facilitate crimes in vehicles like kidnappings, rapes and assaults. Cars having such a film are a threat to all members of the society as no one knows the intentions of the driver and other occupants. In the last few years with so many terror attacks, such black film can make the job of terrorists easier. Besides this, the film can reduce visibility causing accidents especially at night.Akshata Bhat, lawyer, Porvorim'Transparency' may be a buzzword today, but then again black film on glasses has its good side; why look at it only as a refuge of scoundrels? And it's absurd to invoke crimes, which anyway take place with impunity even in broad daylight. Now, help avert accidents no-tint glasses surely will! All in all, it would be better to first have the enforcement authorities shed their tinted eye-glasses and go full speed ahead to book all errant citizens, not motorists alone!Oscar de Noronha, associate professor, Panaji", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13021412", "title": "Fossilised shark teeth found in Narmada valley", "text": "INDORE: A group of researchers today claimed that they have found rare fossils of shark's teeth from the Narmada valley in Madhya Pradesh.\"We have found rare fossils of shark's teeth from Narmada valley in Dhar district, about 125km from Indore, during an excavation,\" said Vishal Verma, head of Mangal Panchayatan Parishad, a researchers' group.Verma said the fossils might be about 6.5 to 10 crore years old, and could belong to three different eras, as they were discovered in three different layers of earth.\"The fossils look like the teeth of present-day tiger shark. The longest fossil is about 14 centimetres,\" he said.Going by the fossils' dimensions, length of this predator-creature would have been around five to six feet, Verma said.According to him, the Narmada belt -- from Dahod to Jabalpur -- also witnessed the dinosaur activities millions of years ago.However, the geographical developments extinguished both dinosaurs and sharks from the Narmada Valley in the later period. Researchers have found fossils of dinosaurs, ostrich, hippopotamus and stegodon (a rat-like extinct species) in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13015650", "title": "Shops get three months to fix Marathi signboards", "text": "NASHIK: The office of the deputy labour commissioner, Nashik division, has given 138 shops and establishments a deadline of three months to display signboards in Marathi or face legal action. During an inspection, these shops and establishments spread over five districts were found not displaying Marathi signboards.The office of the deputy labour commissioner had recently launched a special drive to ensure that Marathi signboards are displayed prominently at all shops in the areas under its jurisdiction. During a drive, the deputy labour commissioner's office found 138 shops and establishments did not display signboards in Marathi.\"We have issued notices to them giving a time-frame of three months to change their signboards into Marathi or face legal action. We will soon start the process of filing cases against those who do not display signboards in Marathi,\" deputy labour commissioner R S Jadhav told TOI.\"Generally, non-Marathi boards are displayed in urban areas only and proportion of non-Marathi signboards are minor,\" he said.As per the Bombay Shops &amp; Establishments Act 1948, it is mandatory for shops and establishments across Maharashtra to have their signboards in Marathi. But most of the shops are seen not following the rules. As a result, the office of the deputy labour commissioner has undertaken a special drive for Marathi signboards in Nashik and also across the division, which, apart from Nashik includes Jalgaon, Dhule, Ahmednagar and Nandurbar districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13022840", "title": "Patna zoo on alert for anthrax", "text": "PATNA: As a precautionary measure against the possible outbreak of anthrax in Patna zoo, the zoo authorities have started deworming vaccination of animals before the scheduled time. They are keeping a close watch on rhinoceros, hippopotamus and elephants as they are most vulnerable to anthrax.The officials are vigilant as a young rhinoceros died of anthrax at the Delhi zoo last week. Incidentally, Patna zoo has the second largest population of rhinos in the world. \"So far as rhinos are concerned, the Patna zoo tops the list in India, and is second in the world after San Diego (US),\" zoo director Abhay Kumar told TOI.Dharmendra Sinha, responsible for disease investigation at Patna Zoo, said the Anthrax bacteria is lethal and affects both humans and animals. However, he said, there was no need to panic as anthrax can't spread like an epidemic - it spreads in proximity. It can never be as harmful and lethal as bird flu. Yet, despite the fact that the zoo has not got any alert from the state animal and husbandry department, the zoo officials started deworming vaccination last week. \"Usually, vaccination is done after every three months,\" zoo's veterinary doctor Ajit Kumar said, adding, \"Humidity and heat lead to easy spread of anthrax.\"He also said that once ingested or placed in an open wound, the bacteria begins multiplying inside the animals or humans and typically kills the host within a few days or weeks. So, the animal and husbandry department is keeping a watch for any sudden death of animals.Meanwhile, a team of veterinary doctors went to Madanpur, Bettiah on Sunday to tranquillize an adult elephant. The elephant had been disturbing the villagers for the last few days and doctors suspect that he might have become mentally disturbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13014855", "title": "Mumbai: Summer schools offer students additional life skills", "text": "MUMBAI: Summer, for the long holidays and the scorching heat it brings along, is often compared to a vacuum: hours evaporating as adult-teens laze around with little to do. Besides hobbies, there is little to keep them occupied, unlike the suite of summer schools in the West on several subjects, some providing advanced knowledge and others a primer on hot topics that the world is brooding over.Finally, the penny's dropped here. This year, the lights at HR College didn't go off during the holidays. All through April, King's College, London , hosted intensive courses at the HR College campus on topics like international marketing, quantitative methods and statistics and international political economy. Close by, St Xavier's College ran a week-long school called 'Land and Natural resources: Justice Issues'. At NM College, courses on insurance and international financial reporting standards were houseful.Ramon Pacheco Pardo, a lecturer at the department of European and international studies at King's College, put together a fat pack of courseware for his summer school students at HR College. In 10 days, he sought to explain the interplay of politics and economics at the global level, starting with international relations and globalization to trade policies and financial regulations to FDI with a focus on Asia. \"Most students had done their reading, they were tracking news and global development very closely,\" said Pardo.In another class, Michael Bedward, an enterprise management lecturer and a business consultant, taught different models of business to budding entrepreneurs in a course called 'The Entrepreneur: Skills and Smart Thinking'. \"Students are not sceptical about entrepreneurship and they have some fascinating business ideas,\" said Bedward, who became very popular for handing over a lemon to shy participants who never spoke in class.Unlike the older generations who had little to do between college years, summer school holidays for young adults are proving to be grounds for arming oneself with additional life skills or honing talents at intensive camps. Tanmaya Kale of Jai Hind, who paid Rs 30,000 to attend summer school at HR College, said, \"Here, I got an insight into so many topics that are globally so crucial. I wasn't spoon-fed; communication wasn't one-way and the course was on real issues.\"For summer school participants at St Xavier's College, the experience was like opening the window and taking in some reality - at times ugly, at times surprisingly assuring. Agnelo Menezes from the department of economics said teaching through the year is mostly restricted to the text books. \"Summer school allowed us to synchronize reality with theory.\" For Rs 500, students could listen to top bankers, sociologists, advocates and activists who spoke on various topics for close to ten days. \"There was an overflow of students wanting to attend these lectures,\" said Menezes. The lecture series, which was not open to outsiders, included a documentary and field trips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015219", "title": "Flyers wish to pay more to offset carbon footprints", "text": "AHMEDABAD: How many regular flyers do you think are willing to pay more to have a smaller carbon footprint? Contrary to popular perception, there are many who are actually willing to pay extra to address their environmental concerns and this has been proved by a recent study carried out by the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A).The study has found that as many as 85% of domestic fliers in the country are willing to pay more than the normal fare to offset their carbon footprints. The study has been conducted by IIM-A faculty member Amit Garg and academic associate at the institute, Vidhee Avashia. They interacted with more than 200 respondents at Ahmedabad, Delhi and Mumbai airports.\"The high level of awareness about climate change and environment issues among passengers travelling by air in the country means that there is an opportunity for the Indian government to start charging them for their carbon footprint and invest the fund in projects that nurture environment,\" said Garg.\"The findings of the study are interesting in the context of ongoing issues related to carbon footprint of airplanes between European Union and other countries,\" said Garg. More than 22 countries including India, US and China are currently opposing European Union's decision of imposing carbon tax on all flights landing or taking off from Euro zone from the year 2013.The study found that 46% passengers were ready to pay 5% more than the normal fare for offsetting carbon footprints. Similarly 25% passengers were ready to pay 10% more, while another 6% of the total number of passengers were ready to pay 15% more.The passengers, however, were concerned about how the money will be utilized and who will be handling the fund. \"All the passengers who were willing to pay more for their carbon footprint agreed to do so only on the condition that a transparent and trustworthy body will be handling the fund,\" said Avashia.Out of the total number of respondents, 31% suggested that the fund should be used for planting trees and increasing the green cover. Another 26% passengers suggested that the money should be used in promoting sustainable projects in villages like providing smokeless cooking stoves and solar lamps and so on. Supporting both the ideas, 27% passengers said the fund should be equally divided between the two types of projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13022903", "title": "NCTC constitutionally vulnerable: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming anti-terrorism body NCTC as a &quot;constitutionally vulnerable&quot; instrument which went against the country's federal structure, BJP today asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as to why the fight against terror through POTA was \"compromised\" for vote-bank politics.\"When you talk of fighting against terror with a constitutionally vulnerable instrument, BJP puts forth some questions to you,\" said BJP chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad, while asking Prime Minister as to why POTA was repealed and why MCOCA was allowed in Maharashtra and its replica not permitted in Gujarat.The BJP also raised objections to UPA government fostering fresh ties with Pakistan despite its \"failure\" to act against Mumbai terror attack perpetrators who continued to roam around freely in that country.\"Why was POTA repealed. POTA was an instrument that was needed by the security forces in the fight against terror. POTA has been declared to be constitutionally valid by the Supreme Court. Yet in your declaration you said we shall repeal POTA... The fight against terror was compromised at the altar of vote-bank politics,\" Prasad said.He said NCTC was a body created by an executive order under the overall control of the Intelligence Bureau having complete secrecy and no Parliamentary accountability. \"That is why this issue is very serious,\" he said.Terming NCTC as an attack on the country's federal structure, Prasad said, \"BJP firmly believes that there is no contradiction between the fight against terror and the respect for the federal polity of our Constitutional democracy. Both can comfortably co-exist. The fight against terror would be fought purposefully only with cooperation, in coordination and active involvement of the state government and not by trampling upon their rights by the central government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015076", "title": "Ignored by IPL, O'Brien wants to go back to college", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as Kevin O'Brien was knocking the wind out of England with a 50-ball century in Bangalore during the 2011 World Cup, he knew he had grabbed a fair number of eyeballs around the cricket world.An IPL call-up didn't look too far away then. But IPL franchises ingored the 28-year-old cricketer and O'Brien now is mulling getting back to studies to secure a life after cricket.\"I was hoping for an IPL contract this season. I was a little disappointed and upset as well when I was not picked up at the auction. It would have given me a great opportunity to improve my game by playing alongside the established players,\" said O'Brien on Friday. He is in India to promote educational opportunities in Ireland.\"There are obvious financial constraints in Irish cricket. One can't just rely on the game to make a living. That's why I will be going back to college to complete my education. The fact that I'm ambassador of an educational programme would help me after my cricketing career. I believe that it gives me an edge in Ireland,\" he said.It's not just in the last World Cup that Ireland put up a fighting performance. They made it to the Super 8s of the 2007 World Cup and O'Brien has been part of both campaigns. Is playing for an associate member of the ICC a disadvantage when it comes to being picked for leagues like the IPL and Australia's Big Bash? \"Perhaps our performances aren't good enough for the teams. We have to keep performing at every opportunity. Anyway, Holland's Ryan ten Doeschate and Kenya's Tanmay Mishra's presence in the IPL means the associate members are not completely overlooked.\"Given that ICC had almost chucked Ireland out of the next World Cup with its aborted plan of cutting down on the number of participating teams, players like O'Brien are on a sticky wicket. However, he asserted he won't the go the Eoin Morgan way. \"I have never thought of playing for England,\" O'Brien stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13022376", "title": "Punjab government to provide free text books to SC/ST students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an effort to impart quality education to the marginalised, the Punjab government today said it would spend Rs 30 crore to provide free text books to scheduled caste and scheduled tribe students in the state.\"We are committed to quality education. The state government will provide free text books to scheduled caste and scheduled tribe students studying from class one to class eight in the state,\" Punjab Education Minister Sikander Singh Maluka said here.He said that required infrastructure would also be provided to all the schools.\"The Punjab government is celebrating this year as education year so that the state, which is currently at number three in terms of education in the country, could be number one,\" Maluka added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016366", "title": "National drink for you?", "text": "What good is tea to a coffee-drinking man in India's south? Even if it is fine-leaf Darjeeling, even if it is anointed the country's national drink? Does it mean that all of us have to look at the beverage with new-found reverence? And does it really change the fate of the gardens where it grows? The answers to all of these will be negative. That didn't, of course, stop Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia from recently announcing that he would pitch for tea to be given 'national drink' status. It is not mere coincidence that the declaration came at Jorhat in Assam, India's so-called tea capital.This could be more politics than prudence. In some cases, though, where things have been given the exalted position, neither politics has helped and nor prudence come to play. Take the story of the national aquatic animal - the poor river dolphin. Its numbers, in fact, are frightening. Only some 2,000 remain in India now; down from 3,500 in the 1980s in the Gangetic delta region alone, according to the World Wildlife Fund . A notification in May 2010 making it the national aquatic animal was done to help government projects aimed at saving it. But nothing m u ch h a s changed for the mammals, a large number of which is disappearing because of sheer pollution in some of India's biggest rivers.What goes on in the world of national symbols and what constitutes its making is sometimes simply quite bizarre. A quick look at the list of 14 officially recognised national symbols (india.gov.in) makes one wonder why some of these - the national calendar is Saka Samvat (we're in the year 1934-1935 according to it), seen and mentioned only in government documents - are called so in the first place, and what good has come of it. The national river, Ganga, is so dirty at places that the water you cup in your hands is just liquid disease. National animal tiger hasn't fared any better. Despite Project Tiger having been launched in 1973, the population of the big cats dwindled to 1,706 in March last year from 3,000 two decades back.So why is a 'national' tag given to any entity? Is it to save it (dolphins?) , to recognize its popularity (lotus?) , to honour its place in our civilization (mangoes?) or to help it economically (hockey?) \"It's all quite amazing,\" says R Jayakumar, a Hyderabad-based writer. \"Coffee gives me my first kick in the morning. That's true for all my friends and relatives in south India. How then can we identify with tea as the national drink?\"Rajendra Singh, the 2001 Magsaysay award winner who quit the National Ganga River Basin Authority in March citing the government's failure to save the river, says that one has to understand the politics behind the 'national' nomenclature . \"When Prime Minister Manmohan Singh declared Ganga as the national river on November 4, 2008, his party reaped its benefits in the 2009 general elections. The word national, especially in the context of a river like Ganga, means a lot to Indians as it has been an integral part of our civilization for centuries. But the government is rendering it meaningless.\"What is a national symbol then? Social scientist Shiv Visvanathan says Ahluwalia's tea proposal is not in tune anymore with India's composite culture. He has a point. How much resonance does hockey as the national sport have in the football-playing north-east ? And for all practical purposes, it is cricket that is our \"national\" obsession. Most people, both in this country and coming from abroad, would have to be forgiven if they think it is cricket, with all its frenzy and fanaticism, that is blessed with the noble-sounding prefix. Moreover, many argue, in these modern times when every state is articulating its distinct cultural, historical and linguistic identity , does making anything 'national' really help?Artist and activist Ram Rahman says the idea of national symbols was born in the initial decades after Independence. \"That was when the idea of the 'Nation' and 'Unity in Diversity' was being projected as a natural extension of the mobilization of different parts of India in the freedom struggle. Symbols like the tiger, and hockey, in which we excelled internationally, were easily understood by the masses and helped in creating a unified notion of culture.\"Indian hockey, for example, was at its peak then. It had won six Olympic gold medals between 1928 and 1956, and Dhyan Chand was its most successful star. But this is no longer the reality. Rahman says, \"As we matured as a nation, our identities became more complex. Now, simple symbols of the nation make no sense and anyone who thinks they do is delusional.\"Olympian Dhyan Chand's son Ashok Kumar , who hit the winning goal in the 1975 World Cup win against Pakistan , sums up the 'national' debate when he says, \"It doesn't really matter.\" In post-liberalization , post-millennial India, is it time to get a fresh list of national symbols?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13023187", "title": "Neurologists discuss recent advances", "text": "PATNA: Neurologists from different parts of the country attended a Neurology Update-2012 organized by the Neurology department of Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) on Sunday to disseminate information about the recent advances in the field of neurology. Bihar legislative assembly Speaker Uday Narayan Chaudhary inaugurated the function.Dr (Prof) S M Katrak of Grant Medical College and J J Group of hospital, Mumbai, discussed peripheral neuropathy while Dr (Prof) Sanjeev V Thomas of Thiruvananthapuram delivered a lecture on treatment of young women afflicted with epilepsy. He said it is important to know which medicines are safe for young women as medicines have an effect on pregnancy, child, breast milk and facial features.Dr (Prof) U K Mishra of SGPI, Lucknow, threw light on the clinical approach to febrile encephalopathy and Dr S K Das of Kolkata talked about the elaborate treatment of brain haemorrhage. Dr Ashok Kumar of IGIMS discussed clinical approach to identify rheumatic chorea in children. He also presented a video of such cases and spoke on how to recognize such cases. Dr Gopal Prasad Sinha and Dr A K Agrawal - both from Patna - were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "13016147", "title": "Threatened with transfer certificate, schoolgirl hangs self", "text": "HALDIA: A Class-X girl, allegedly caught cheating in a class test, committed suicide at her house on Saturday after her headmaster decided to issue her a transfer certificate. The body was sent for autopsy.The girl, a resident of Haldia's Gandhinagar , was caught cheating during a unit test on Friday. The girl's parents were called by the headmaster. But none of her parents being at home, her private tutor went to meet the headmaster on Saturday. The tutor was insulted and handed over to police.On getting to know about it, the girl and her mother went to meet the headmaster. Though they pleaded with him, he remained unmoved and said that a transfer certificate would be issued to her. The girl and her mother apologized to the headmaster, but he remained unmoved and declared that girl would be issued a transfer certificate. The girl then left school and went back home as her mother kept trying to persuade the headmaster. However, when the girl's mother returned home, she saw her daughter hanging from the ceiling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015142", "title": "Woman wins compensation for closed bank account", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When the State Bank of India (SBI) closed the savings account of Hina Trivedi after she did not use it for around two years, the resident of Vrajnagar in Satellite, did not take it lying down.The 40-year-old women was upset that the bank did not notify before closing her account and decided to seek justice at the consumer court. Trivedi not only fought the case without employing an attorney, but also won the case. Gujarat State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has ordered SBI to pay a compensation of Rs 5,000 to the resident of satellite area in Ahmedabad for closing her account without issuing a prior notice. The judgment was passed in April this year.Narrating the incident, Trivedi, who is a small time tea leaves trader, said, \"I was using the account regularly since several years for all the transitions for my business. After the last transaction in December 2008, my mother in-law fell sick and I had to go out of Ahmedabad to attend to her. Though I visited the city several times in between I couldn't execute my business deals or use the bank account.\"After around two years, in October 2010, Trivedi went back to deposit money when the person at the transaction counter told her that her account had been closed. \"I was shocked. I didn't get any notice. So I filed an RTI,\" said Trivedi.In the reply to her RTI the bank informed her that her back account was closed on 31 December 2008. This information confused Trivedi as she had used the account only few days back before the given date. So she complained to the appellate authority upon which she was told that her account was closed in June 2010.It was then Trivedi knocked the door of the consumer court. \"I didn't have any attorney representing me in the court. I argued for myself and the bank was quick in admitting its mistake,\" said Trivedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13017236", "title": "Monks chant prayers, spread the message of peace", "text": "A majestic idol of Gautam Buddha sat at the centre on a raised platform as Tibetan Buddhist monks chanted prayers in unison. In observance of the upcoming 2556th Buddha Jayanti, a celebration was held at Cox Town, Bodh Vihara Road on Saturday.The event was organized by the Bangalore Buddhist Society. The event was attended by members of the society, including five monks from the Sera Jey Buddhist Monastery (Mysore), guests and devotees. \"The 20th century, being marked by two World Wars was very violent. We must do our best to make 21st century more peaceful. Man has created a lot of problems in today's modernist society due to self-attachment , ego and anger within,\" said Khen Rinpoche Geshe Lobsang Pladen, president of the society, remembering Buddha's message 2,500 years ago. The programme concluded with a prayer recitation in Tibetan language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13015268", "title": "Pakistani national poet gets a chowk in his name in Nerul", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Literary lovers have been pleasantly surprised to see a Nerul chowk named after the renowned Urdu and Farsi poet, Dr Allama Iqbal, who wrote the iconic song Saare jahaan se achchha, Hindustan hamaara.The plaque, 'Dr Allama Iqbal Chowk', was inaugurated at Sector 23 recently by mayor of Navi Mumbai Sagar Naik, at the recommendation of local corporator Sandeep Sutar.Iqbal, who is also the national poet of Pakistan, continues to inspire millions with his poetry. Many Bollywood movies have picked up the lines written by him 'Khudi ko kar buland itna ke har taqdeer se pehle khuda bande se ye puche, bata teri raza kya hai'.Former chairman of Navi Mumbai Municipal transport committee Iqbal Kaware, who is also an Urdu and Marathi screenplay writer, said: \"I am glad that Iqbal has been honoured in Navi Mumbai. So many roads and chowks have been named after unknown people, who did little for the city.\" Kaware added that more roads should be named after literary legends like Ghalib, Munshi Premchand and Tulsidas among others.Surprisingly, not many have acknowledged Iqbal's contribution in the past, probably due to his political leaning. Iqbal was a supporter of Mohammed Ali Jinnah and supported the Pakistan movement. Knighted by King George V as \"Sir\" in 1922, Iqbal is also known as Shair-e-Mushriq, meaning poet of the East. The Pakistan government has recognized him as its national poet and his birthday is celebrated as a public holiday.Interestingly, leaders from the ruling as well as opposition parties in Navi Mumbai, who supported naming the chowk after Iqbal, seemed unaware of the poet's political leanings. Naik said that the decision to name the chowk was taken \"only because of Iqbal's inspiring poems\". He chose to link Iqbal's poem Saare jahaan se achchha, Hindustan hamaara to the satellite city and said, \"We wish to make Navi Mumbai saare jahaan se achchha (Better than the entire world) and very soon, we will do so by transforming Navi Mumbai into the best city in the country. We are working hard to fulfill guardian minister Ganesh Naik's vision.\"Congress leader Dashrath Bhagat pleaded ignorance about Iqbal's role in the history of the subcontinent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13015996", "title": "Technopark incubates Enfin Technologies", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Enfin Technologies, which developed a revolutionary application to help smartphone users stream their videos live when on the move has been incubated at Technopark Technology Business Incubator (TTBI). Enfin is the 134th company to be incubated at TTBI. The company's new premise at the T-TBIC was inaugurated by T-TBIC secretary &amp; registrar and Technopark CFO KC Chandrashekharan Nair. Enfin Technologies was founded by budding entrepreneurs Ayyappan Asokan ( CEO) and Syamkumar P J ( COO).The success of the application was inspired by a team led by Enfin's chief technology officer, Sajan Christudas to work and research on their first product - OfaBee. The product is a cross platform communication provider that can create a real-time network between mobile applications. \"We feel proud to be incubated by Technopark, the country's premium technology incubator. OfaBee, can be run on Android , iOS and Windows Smartphone and we expect to launch the first version of OfaBee by November 2012,\" said Ayyappan Asokan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015248", "title": "Toxic metals in air: JNU study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's air is no doubt polluted and gains from CNG have been frittered away. But the air in some residential areas can be far more toxic than we imagine. A study by school of environmental sciences at JNU, published in last month's Atmospheric Pollution Research (APR) journal, has found the content of chromium (Cr) and nickel (Ni) higher than the incremental lifetime cancer risk (ILCR) standards. In short, continued exposure to these inhalable carcinogenic metals can lead to grave health risks in future.The study - 'Airborne inhalable metals in residential areas of Delhi, India: distribution, source apportionment and health risks' - was carried out through air sample monitoring at three locations: Rajghat, Mayur Vihar and Mithapur. Though the data was collected between end of 2008 and 2009, the department continued to monitor the metal content in air in these areas and in the JNU campus.\"In terms of toxicity, both chromium and nickel are potential carcinogens and we found that they are in higher concentration than the ILCR limits. ILCR is the incremental probability of an individual developing cancer over a lifetime (70 years) as a result of exposure to a potential carcinogen. According to our calculations, assuming Delhi's population is around 17 million, lifetime inhalation exposure to these pollutants at these concentrations could lead to 2908 excess cancer cases,\" said the lead scientist of the study, P S Khillare.The values of particulate matter less than 10 micrometres (PM10) were also found to be three times the annual PM10 National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) prescribed by Central Pollution ControlBoard at all the three locations. It was around eight to 10 times the annual PM10 air quality guideline set by World Health Organization (WHO).The locations for the study were chosen because of their proximity to coal-fired power plants and industrial areas. But the researchers said the inhalable heavy metal pollution was not limited to areas that were monitored. They were most likely to disperse to other parts of the city with the wind.\"We cannot do much about metals that are naturally present in the air but metals such as zinc, nickel, chromium and cadmium are more because of anthropogenic factors. We have been monitoring air quality in Delhi and then superimposing them on various models to assess health impacts. Lead is a good example. The blood lead concentration in children has started reducing because lead was banned from petrol. But industries emit other heavy metals in large quantities; so they are inhalable and can affect our lungs directly,\" said Khillare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "13015860", "title": "5 Germans caught visiting Red zone", "text": "BALANGIR: Still haunted by the abduction of two Italian hostages, Odisha's Balangir district officials have warned five German tourists to never to venture into the Red zone again. After TOI reported that tourists visited Maoist-infected areas in Balangir's Khaprakhol block, police traced them back.On Saturday, the German tourists were brought to the district police office (DPO) and Balangir police superintendent R Prakash quizzed them. Prakash asked them for copies of their visa and passports.A police team from Khaprakhol brought the Germans along with their host Anant Putel to the DPO. \"I verified their visas, which were found to be multiple-entry. We also kept copies of all their tourist documents,\" said Prakash. After interrogation and verification of documents, they were allowed to go but with a warning not to go to Maoist areas again. Sources said the Germans had visited Balangir in 2011 and had gone to the DPO to inform police about their visit. They had left after waiting for two hours.Mike, one of the five Germans, said they had been visiting the place regularly and many of his French friends, too, had come there. \"The new guidelines don't allow foreigners to visit tourist spots without prior permission. The entry of five Germans amounts to flouting of rules,\" district tourist officer Goutam Nag said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "13015236", "title": "Building slab collapses, senior citizen injured", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: Around 40 residents of a building in Ulhasnagar had a miraculous escape on Saturday when part of the slab between the fifth and sixth floor collapsed.The incident took place in Madhuri Palace building around 12.30pm. A 70-year-old woman, Meena Rohara, sustained minor injuries on her leg.Soon after, part of a first-floor flat also collapsed, but no one was injured. Fire brigade officials evacuated residents as well as people in four shops on the ground floor.Ashok Rankhambh, commissioner of Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation, said, \"The building was not included in the list of dilapidated buildings. We have declared the building as dangerous.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13015955", "title": "85k case pile-up in J&K; HC, but only 6 judges", "text": "SRINAGAR: Around 85,000 cases have piled up before the Jammu &amp; Kashmir high court due to judges' shortage. The court has just six judges while over 50% of slots - eight - have remained vacant for sometime.Lawyers warn that the situation is going to get worse if the appointments are not made sooner. \"The situation would further worsen in coming months,\" said Jahangir Iqbal, a J&K; HC lawyer.He said the situation becomes worse since the court has two wings - in Srinagar and Jammu - which means that three judges each are stationed in either city while the chief justice shifts biannually between them.The state law department, that estimates the number of pending cases to be around 34,000, has pledged to fill the vacancies by July this year. Officials say a committee, which among others included former J&K; HC CJ F M Ibrahim Kalifullah - appointed as a Supreme Court judge last month - had recommended names of four lawyers and two subordinate judges for their elevation as judges in March.\"The recommendations were sent to chief minister Omar Abdullah , governor N N Vohra, the Union law ministry and the CJI, commissioner/secretary state law department,\" Tantray said. \"Omar and Vohra cleared the recommendations a month later, but the Union law ministry took another month and the case is now pending before the SC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13020162", "title": "Shahrukh Khan describes Sourav Ganguly as legend", "text": "KOLKATA: He might not share the best of relationships with Sourav Ganguly following the laters' unceremonious ouster from his team, but Kolkata Knight Riders principal owner Shahrukh Khan has described the former India skipper as a \"cricketing legend\".Shahrukh was seen exchanging pleasantries with Ganguly in a rarest of rare frame after Kolkata Knight Riders beat Ganguly-led Pune Warriors by seven runs in a thrilling IPL contest at the Eden Gardens last evening.The Bollywood star came rushing from his hospitality box to greet Ganguly near the visitor's dressing room after Pune Warriors India lost their prestige match.\"He (Ganguly) is wonderful, a cricketing great, a legend. We've grown up getting used to his fours and sixes and the way he plays on the offside. It's wonderful to see him playing every time, and tonight was no different,\" Shahrukh said praising the southpaw.\"It was fantastic to see 67,000-odd people. As Dada (Ganguly) was also telling me, this is the greatest cricketing ground in the world and whenever it is in its full glory, it really makes us feel very proud.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13020442", "title": "Rift in Rajasthan BJP: 30 MLAs offer to quit in support of Vasundhara Raje", "text": "JAIPUR: The crisis in Rajasthan BJP intensified on Sunday with over 30 MLAs loyal to Leader of Opposition Vasundhara Raje offering to resign, a day after she threatened to quit the party over state leader Gulabchand Kataria's proposed political campaign.30 BJP lawmakers and an independent MLA, who supports the party, submitted their resignation to Raje expressing confidence in her leadership in the state, party leaders said.The lawmakers are now demanding that Raje be declared as \"undisputed\" chief ministerial candidate for next assembly polls, they said.Along with the legislators, office bearers and members of the BJP Yuva Morcha also handed over their resignation, said a close aide of Raje.The party leaders began to arrive at Raje's official residence in civil lines since morning and shouted slogans in her support.\"The MLAs want undisputed leadership of Raje,\" legislator Bhawani Singh Rajawat told reporters outside Raje's residence.Besides Rajawat, Kiran Maheshwari , Rajpal Singh Shekhawat, Mohan Lal Gupta, Om Birla, Radheyshyam Ganganagar, Kalyan Singh , Prabhu Saini, Abdul Sageer Khan are among the MLAs who submitted their resignation to Raje, he said.Kisan Morcha vice president Subhash Mehriya said that the the central leadership should announce Raje's name as the chief ministerial candidate in the assembly polls due next year.\"The office bearers of the morcha also submitted resignations to Raje in order to strengthen her,\" Morcha state president Sanwar Jat said.At a meeting of the state party core committee on Saturday, Raje had said she would resign from the party's membership if Kataria did not withdraw his decision to take out the \" Lok Jagran Yatra\", after which Kataria announced not to go ahead with his proposed 28-day event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13015863", "title": "Hottest day gets a cool surprise", "text": "LUDHIANA: The weather showed signs of shifting gears as the clouds suddenly appeared in the sky bringing the temperature down for some time on Saturday. The temperature, however, touched the highest of 38 degree celsius during this season.The agro-meteorologist had already suggested that weather will remain clear as the western disturbances, which were bringing rainfall had passed towards the east. They had also suggested that the temperature is likely to increase in the days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13014415", "title": "Kalamb under grip of gastroenteritis", "text": "YAVATMAL: Kalamb is under the grip of cholera and gastroenteritis. Two persons have died while more than 50 hospitalized following complaints of stomach ache and diarrhoea. The cause of spread of the disease is consumption of impure water. Deceased duo - Radhelal Jaiswal (65) and Shantabai Bhoyar (70) - were being treated at a private clinic in Kalamb since last couple of days and later shifted to GMC Yavatmal where they breathed their last on Friday.District health officer Dr Ganesh Rachkundawar however denied that the two persons died of gastro. \"They died due to old age and alcoholism,\" he said, adding, \"Over 50 patients were admitted to government rural hospital in Kalamb. A few of them were later referred to Government Medical College, Yavatmal.Chief executive officer of Yavatmal ZP Navalkishor Ram nevertheless confirmed the spread of the epidemic. \"The epidemic resulted due to impure drinking water supplied through the pipelines. Tankers have been deployed to supply clean water and a team from health department has been sent to the affected area to identify gastro patients and create awareness among the people.\"Many villagers alleged that the water supply pipelines are pretty old and there are leakages at many places. The water got contaminated as the impure water entered the pipeline through the cracks. \"We have lodged several complaints with the gram panchayat but to no avail,\" said Ramdas Patil of Kalamb.DHO Dr Rachkundawar said, \"In December 2011 we collected 10 water samples and sent to laboratory for testing. Five of these were found unfit for human consumption. In January 2012, of the 12 samples collected, 6 were found unfit for drinking. In February, again we collected 12 water samples of which 7 were found unfit. The situation worsened thereafter as in March 12 out of 12 samples and 11 out of 11 samples collected in April were also found unfit for drinking. Despite confirming the samples as unfit, no preventive action was taken by the gram panchayat, which was regularly given money for carrying out decontamination and other hygienic activities.\"MP Bhavana Gawali and senior health officials visited the affected areas and appealed to the people not to drink contaminated water. Ram has even ordered the local authorities to stop the supply of tap water through the leaking pipelines. \"The condition is now under control and over 30 volunteers are carrying out contact treatment in the affected areas,\" Ram said.Ram said that Kalamb is included in the national rural water scheme and the proposal has already been submitted to the state government for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "madhepura (bihar)", "code": "13022621", "title": "Son burns father to death after family feud", "text": "MADHEPURA (Bihar): A man was burnt to death allegedly by his son after a family dispute at Khari Rahta in Madhepura district, police said today.Devendra Yadav was set on fire by his twice married son Santosh last night when he came to know that his father had given shelter and a monthly maintenance of Rs 1,000 to his first wife. The son is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13016382", "title": "Animal board grants no objection certificate to Thiruvambadi Thamban", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) has given its nod for releasing director M Padmakumar's film 'Thiruvambadi Thamban'.Earlier, AWBI had refused a no objection certificate (NOC) and served a show-cause notice to the film's producer and director for illegally parading 54 tuskers to shoot a scene. The film, which was slated for a Vishu release, was put on hold indefinitely.\"We received AWBI's post-shoot certificate and NOC, which are mandatory to get Censor Board approval, on Friday. We have completed all necessary works for the film's release and I'm hopeful that the film can be screened from May 18,\" Padmakumar told TOI.Padmakumar and producer Alexander John filed an application before the board's performing animals sub committee (PASC) on March 1, 2012 to get a NOC. Then, Heritage Animal Task Force secretary V K Venkitachalam lodged a complaint against the duo alleging that they had shot the sequence without AWBI's permission on December 23, 2011 at Kattakampal temple in Thrissur.Following this, PASC did not grant the NOC and served a show-cause notice on March 1 under section 26 of Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960. As per the Performing Animals (Registration) Rules, 2001, any scene that necessitates an animal's presence must be preapproved by AWBI.Later Padmakumar and John submitted a letter of apology to AWBI. \"The board gave its nod after we expressed our regret. Earlier, we had to stop our shoot following Jagathy Sreekumar's near-fatal accident.We revised our script and discarded some scenes,\" the director said. Venkitachalam alleged that AWBI granted permission flouting all norms. \"However, AWBI told the director to delete as many as 18 scenes from the film,\" he said.Alappuzha: Finally, Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) gave permission for exhibiting M Padmakumar's much awaited film 'Thiruvambadi Thamban' starred by Jayaram in the lead. Earlier the AWBI refused to give no objection certificate (NOC) and served show-cause notice to the film's producer and director for illegally parading 54 tuskers for the shooting of the film last December. Following this, the releasing of the film, which was scheduled for Vishu release, was put off indefinitely.Padmakumar told TOI that they received the AWBI's post shoot certificate and the NOC, which are mandatory for the approval of the Censor Board, on Friday and the film will be moved for the approval of Censor Board on Monday. We have completed almost all the works for the film's release and it will hit cinemas on May 18, '' the director said.It was on March 1 this year, the AWBI's Performing Animals Sub Committee (PASC) considered the application filed by the film's director Padmakumar and the producer Alexander John (Jini Cinema) for getting the board's NOC for using animals for shooting. However Heritage Animal Task Force led by its secretary V K Venkitachalam lodged complaint with AWBI against the film's director and the producer alleging that they had used 54 elephants for the shooting of the film without AWBI permission on December 23, 2011 on the premises of the Kattakampal Temple in Thrissur.Following this, the PASC did not grant the NOC to Thiruvambadi Thamban and also served them a show-cause notice on March 1 under section 26 of Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960. As per the Performing Animals (Registration) Rules, 2001, shooting with animals should be undertaken only after getting pre-shoot permission from AWBI.Later Padmakumar and Alexander John have submitted a letter of apology to the AWBI admitting their mistake.The board has received our apology letter and granted the post-shoot certificate. The shooting of the film was earlier stopped following Jagathy Sreekumar's near-fatal accident. We revised our script and also discarded some scenes,'' he said.V K Venkitachalam alleged that the AWBI granted the permission flouting all the norms. However the AWBI directed the director to delete as many as 18 scenes from the film,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016556", "title": "6-day camp for rural students from May 7", "text": "PATNA: Continuing with its endeavour of instilling interest for heritage of India in the young minds, Society for Promotion of Indian Classical Music And Culture Amongst Youth (SPIC MACAY) is going to organize a Rural School Intensive (RSI), a six-day workshop programme, for 300 rural students of 20 districts of the state, starting May 7 in Nawada.SPIC MACAY Bihar coordinator Vivek Sinha told TOI, \"Through this programme we want to reach out to rural children who are generally not given such exposure. The purpose of RSI is to make rural students aware of the rich cultural legacy of our country and experience them too.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13015461", "title": "Deadlock between Khajrana temple priests, administration ends", "text": "INDORE: Following a day-long deadlock between the priests and the Khajrana temple administration, the situation returned to normalcy on Saturday after a series of talks were successfully held between the priests and the district administration officials.The main priest, Pandit Bhalchandra Bhatt told TOI that additional collector Narayan Patidar and SDM Vivek Kshotriya met the priests in the temple and agreed not to remove the sweet shops from the area. They however urged the shopkeepers to pay the rent dues in instalments. The officials also apologised for the alleged high-handedness by the temple administration staff, he added.Collector Raghvendra Singh has also assured him of discussing their demands to provide 35 per cent of donations coming to the temple.Narayan Patidar told TOI, the entire brouhaha was based on false perception that the administration was going to close down the sweet shops in the area. The administration is only planning to open a counter on the lines of Mahakal temple, he added. Decision over the issue of donations coming to the temple would be decided in the meeting only. Meanwhile, Minister of Health for State Mahendra Hardia, who is also the in-charge of the district, reached temple and assured to look into the demands of agitating people.Priests of Khajrana temples were up in arms against the alleged high-handedness of the temple administration in managing the affairs. He accused the temple administration of being totally negligent towards the needs of the priests and the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13015371", "title": "Chhattisga?rh Public Security Act cases could be reviewed, says Buch", "text": "BHOPAL: Chhattisgarh government's high-powered standing committee, constituted as per the agreement that led to the Maoists releasing abducted IAS officer Alex Paul Menon, will review all cases of under-trials, including those facing charges under the controversial Public Security Act.\"It's a committee to review cases of all under-trials languishing in jails. The cases of those facing charges under the Chhattisgarh Public Security Act and offences like sedition could also come up for review during the process\", high powered standing committee chairperson Nirmala Buch told newsmen here on her return from Chhattisgarh.Asked whether the cases of under-trials booked under the charges of Chhattisgarh special security Act and serious offences like sedition, Naxal violence would also be reviewed, she said \"We have set the guidelines and priority. These cases could also come up for review\".For the release of Alex Paul Menon, the outlawed CPI (Maoist) had demanded that the state release hundreds of allegedly innocent tribals who have been arrested and imprisoned on false charges. The Chhattisgarh Special Security Act 2005 is a bone of contention between civil society groups and the state government amid criticism that this 'draconian' law was being misused by the police to fix innocent people and to brand them as Naxalies or their sympathizers.A1960 batch IAS officer and a former Chief Secretary of Madhya Pradesh , Buch and former Chhattisgarh chief secretary S K Misra acted as interlocutors from the state government side in the talks with Maoists' mediators Dr B D Sharma and Prof G Haragopal to secure the release of abducted Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon from Maoist captivity. As per the agreement reached, the state government constituted the high-powered committee to review all cases of under-trials.Throwing light on the guidelines adopted at the first meeting of the committee, comprising Chhattisgarh chief secretary Sunil Kumar and Director General of state police Anil M Navaney, she said the cases of persons in custody in jails as under-trials, especially women , persons who are ill and children would be considered on priority. She said this was in context of a Supreme Court decision in R D Upadhyaya Vs Union of India in which the apex court had underlined the need for early disposal of such cases.Pointing out that only those cases-in which people are in jail for more than two years-would be taken up for review, she said besides under-trials languishing in jail for minor offences and were booked under preventive sections could be reviewed even before two years. \" We have also come across cases where people booked for minor offences and even under preventive provisions are in jail as persons to give them bail are not available for a long time\", she said.Buch said priority would be given to cases involving economically, socially weaker sections and in cases where the family is dependent for their livelihood and safety on the person in custody. However, she clarified that before taking a decision, the committee would consider details of the case, important seizures, decisions of various courts so far, and the report of superintendent of police of the area concerned of the area of the work of the person in custody, area of influence and likely impact of the person's release.\"The committee will review each case separately to make appropriate recommendations. All decisions and any further action will be strictly within the legal frame-work\", she said and explained that in case where bail is recommended, it will have to through the due process of court\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016537", "title": "ADG (HQ) justifies police action in Aurangabad", "text": "PATNA: State police have constituted two teams to investigate the murder of Devendra alias Chhota Mukhiya under Haspura block in Aurangabad district which has created law and order problem in the district headquarters town.ADG (headquarters) Ravindra Kumar said that DSP Wazirganj, Ranjan Sinha, would head the two teams. DIG (Magadh range) N H Khan would monitor the entire investigation on regular basis.The mukhiya was killed on March 29 last when he was returning home from the Haspura BDO office. His brother had filed an FIR against unknown persons. The incident created furore in the district as people alleged the role of BDO in Mukhiya's murder. ADG said though investigation in the case was on, the call details of the Mukhiya, his wife and the BDO did not suggest the latter's involvement in the case.The ADG said a political outfit had organized a public meeting on May 2 to protest the murder. It had taken permission from the local administration for the meeting. But, instead of holding the meeting at the scheduled place, a strong group moved to the Aurangabad collectorate and started tossing brickbats. Shots were also fired from the mob, he said.The ADG showed the video of the entire incident to media persons at his office. He said the police had no option but to go for baton-charge and, later, firing shots in the air to disperse the mob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014511", "title": "Nagpur auto drivers take on peers for loss of business", "text": "NAGPUR: Three-seater auto drivers from the city gave a difficult time on Saturday to their counterparts driving the six-seater ones in order to stop them from taking up their share of the business pie. The former group stopped the larger autos driving from Buldi towards Wadi, reminding them they were not supposed to drive through the city.Six-seater autos, which are allowed to ply only outside city limits, are a regular sight all over the city. It is an open secret how the traffic police turn a blind eye to the various menaces posed by these overfilled vehicles despite the high court's directive that permits these vehicles to ply beyond the corporation limits. However, the auto-wallahs have taken it upon themselves to do something about it.\"We lose out on a lot of business because of the presence of so many six-seaters on the same routes we drive our autos on. Most of us can't even make enough money to pay the rent of our vehicles,\" said Manoj Yadav, one of the drivers involved in this non-violent fight.\"They are driving in the city without the required permissions. Earlier, there have been complaints against this malpractice through our unions still things have never changed,\" said another auto driver Manohar Tandekar. He insisted that they did not want the six-seater auto drivers to go out of business, only not eating into theirs.Clarifying the stance of the authorities, DCP (traffic) Jeevaraj Dabhade said, \"Since 2005, the six-seater vehicles have been given designated stops that they are supposed to stick to. However while commuting between these stops, it becomes difficult to avoid driving from within the city.\" He also assured that the grievances of the auto drivers would be given due attention if they were to come to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13017255", "title": "Students trying to lure evaluators with money", "text": "KANPUR: The ongoing evaluation of board copies of class X and XII is leaving examiners surprised as the students have made their best attempt to influence them in getting good marks.Though influences of any kind do not work but students from their side have either pasted a Rs 50 or Rs 100 note or else written a note appealing the examiner to give them good marks. Some students have cited family problems for not being able to study well, others have written aspiring proverbs. Some of them have written names of Gods and Goddess and appealed examiner to give them pass marks. The examiners are daily coming across such examples everyday. Ignoring such gimmicks such by the students, the teachers are paying attention towards checking the answer booklets as the number of answer sheets are more and the evaluators are less.At present the answer booklets of class X and XII are going on at Gurunanak Inter college, GIC, Chunniganj and Hajinder Nagar Inter College.The examiners evaluate copies from 9 am to 6 pm.Expressing distress over such cases, an examiner at Gurunanak Inter college said, \"The students who use such tactics are misguided that by putting bribes of Rs 100 or Rs 200, or by mentioning family problems, they would be able to secure good marks. We will not get carried away while checking the answer booklets and therefore, students would get marks, which they deserve.\"Almost similar were the views of another examiner who said that students do not study well initially and later, they use such measures to bait us. When asked what they do with the money that comes pasted inside the answer booklets, the two examiners declined to comment. But the fact being that the petty amount is being spent on arranging for tea and snacks.One of the examiners sharing his experience about such incidences said, \"The students who pass board classes often inspire their juniors to paste currency notes or to write notes stating that my mother died or father is ill to gain sympathy and to bait teachers. But this is a sort of misguidance and the students who do so end up failing in the exam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13017176", "title": "Three more convicted in 2008 dowry murder case", "text": "GURGAON: Three people were convicted in a dowry murder case on Saturday and have been sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment.The three convicts include the victim's parents-in-law, Rajendra and Kanta Devi, and brother-in-law, Manoj . The victim, Mamta alias Mukta, was beaten to death by her husband and his parents on August 1, 2008 in Kankrola village. Her husband has already served three years in prison.The FIR was lodged on the complaint of Mamta's father, Shadiram, who gave a statement to Manesar police that her daughter was murderedbecause he failed to satisfy their want of dowry.The case was lodged against four people and they were arrested within a few days.However, only Mamta's husband was convicted at that time, while the other three were convicted by ADJ Harbeer Singh Dahiya now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13016519", "title": "Vishvendra Singh's supporters bash up Congmen in Bharatpur", "text": "JAIPUR: A Congress function in Bharatpur turned ugly on Saturday when nearly 50 youths led by former parliamentarian and ex-royal Vishvendra Singh bashed up senior partymen in the presence of party president Chandrabhan.As the youngsters smashed the venue's glass-gate, threw chairs and beat up anyone who came their way, the party workers surrounded and shielded Chandrabhan, parliamentary secretaries Zahida Khan, Giriraj Singh Malinga, Ramesh Meena, Ramkesh Meena, Bharatpur MP Ratan Singh, Karauli-Dholpur MP Khiladi Lal Bairwa and other local Congress leaders on the stage.Over 300 Congress delegates from Bharatpur division's four districts-Karauli, Dholpur, Sawai Madhopur and Bharatpur-were present at the function that was organised to prepare the party for the assembly election next year. Senior Congressman Amar Singh Chaudhary's clothes were torn off, while a woman party leader was badly bruised. Police remained a mute spectator throughout the brawl that continued for about 20 minutes.\"This was an act of cowardice. If Singh had any political grievances he should have talked to me or taken up the matter with the party in a disciplined manner,\" Chandrabhan told reporters, while blaming Singh for the violence.The former Bharatpur MP called Chandrabhan a \"murderer\" and demanded his resignation. \"Chandrabhan has vitiated Bharatpur's political set-up; he has close links with local BJP legislator Digamber Singh. He should resign or the party should sack him,\" Singh said. The former MP said he did not accept Chandrabhan as the party president and stressed that only chief minister Ashok Gehlot was his (Singh's) leader.Chandrabhan was addressing the gathering when Singh and his supporters stormed into the venue, a marriage hall, around 11:30 am. Eyewitnesses said Singh snatched the microphone from Chandrabhan and directed the violent youngsters to target selected Congressmen.Partymen cited political rivalry between Singh and Bharatpur district Congress president Girish Chaudhary as the root cause for the fight. A long tussle for political supremacy between Singh and Chaudhary, who is supported by Congress' former district president Govind Sharma, is well known in the region. The ruling party later passed a censure motion against Singh but declined to lodge a police complaint against him citing it to be the party's internal matter.Interestingly, just an hour before the fist fight at the Congress function, Singh had welcomed and garlanded Chandrabhan at the Jat community's programme at senior Congressman Fateh Singh's residence in Bharatpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015664", "title": "'CBI hounding Emaar MD'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI has served five notices on Sravan Gupta, who is currently in the UK, and has also issued a lookout circular which means that he may be arrested the moment he lands at an Indian airport, the counsel for the Emaar MGF MD said on Friday.The counsel for Gupta on Friday told a CBI court that his client was being selectively targeted by CBI. The anticipatory bail application of Sravan Gupta, accused number 15 in the Emaar scam case, was taken up before the 1st additional special CBI judge T Pattabhi Rama Rao.Dil Jit Singh Ahluwalia, counsel for Gupta, stated that his client had appeared before the agency on nine occasions. Yet, CBI has sought warrants against him alone to purportedly secure his presence for trial while the same was not done for those accused who have studiously ignored summons by the probe agency, Ahluwalia said.He was referring to the case of another accused, Dubai-based Koneru Madhu, son of the prime-accused Koneru Rajendra Prasad. This witch-hunt has been started with oblique considerations that CBI may arrest Gupta although there is no prima facie case against him, Ahluwalia said. The probe agency has already chargesheeted Emaar MGF officials responsible for the day-to-day running of the Emaar project, he said.Ahluwalia informed court that Gupta had left for UK only upon being given to understand that his presence was not required anymore. However, soon as he left, five notices were shot off by CBI, all of which have been answered, Ahluwalia said.Gupta, his counsel informed, has taken ill in UK and has been found to be ailing from a life-threatening infection due to which he has been advised against travelling. His liberty should be protected by an interim order, Ahluwalia said.Given CBI's lookout circular on his client, Ahluwalia expressed fear that Gupta would be arrested upon arrival in the absence of any interim protection. Otherwise, this application for anticipatory bail would be rendered invalid, the counsel said.In a separate development, the judge dismissed the pleas of Gupta and Vijay Raghav, another accused in the case, to shift the hearing to the first additional special judge court.Meanwhile, another accused, Sunil Reddy, filed a fresh bail plea in the court on Friday and the hearing in the same has been posted to May 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015504", "title": "Tough fire safety law soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The disaster management and fire services department has decided to enhance penalties and jail term for violators of fire safety norms. Many multi-storied building owners in the city have failed to provide fire safety measures as they can get away with minor fines in case of accidents.Officials are contemplating raising the penalty from the existing Rs 25,000 to a minimum of Rs two lakh and the jail term from three months to two years by amending the AP Fire Services Act, 1999.The officials said the existing law, which was enacted 13 years ago, had failed to be a deterrent to builders, especially multi-storied building owners, from violating the Act due to minor penalties and punishment.For instance, a major fire had happened at a jewellery store at Punjagutta in 2006 in which three people perished due to improper fire safety measures. However, building-cum-jewellery store owner, against whom prosecution was launched, escaped with a paltry fine of Rs 15,000.If amendments are incorporated in section 31 of the AP Fire Services Act, the violators might have to cough up more penalties or spend more time in jail. The amendments would be sent to the home department for necessary action, the officials said.Apart from enhancing penalties and jail term, the fire services department has also proposed to bring some amendments to prosecution procedures and facilitate creation of fire fund, etc.After the law is amended, the department would be in a position to put up 'unsafe' signboards in front of buildings which lack fire safety equipment.The officials have so far launched prosecution against 370 owners and builders of multi-storied buildings, including malls, hospitals and hotels in the last five years for not taking No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the fire services department and where fatal fire accidents have occurred.\"As per the Act, the fire services department has to initiate prosecution within a year of inspection by the authorities. The charges filed in 370 cases after the stipulated one year period were rejected by courts. Now, fresh inspection reports are being prepared to file chargesheets afresh in such cases,\" director general of fire services department Vivek Dube told STOI.The fire officials have also proposed creation of 'Fire Services Development Fund'. They said the department does not have any fund though it collects Rs 100 crore towards penalties and user charges from builders.Every year, the state government allocates Rs 147 crore in the budget to the department and 90% of it goes for salaries and pension fund.\"The department has to replace 45 fire tenders which are above 15 years. Similarly, firemen have only two fire suits (each costs about Rs 80,000) and two snorkels (which costs about Rs five crore) to fight fires. If the government allows us to utilise user charges and other penalties, it will go into the fire development fund. It could be utilised for providing facilities and welfare of firemen,\" Vivek Dube said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13016389", "title": "Income tax raids on Madurai mutt after Nithyananda row", "text": "MADURAI: Income tax officials on Saturday conducted searches at the ancient Madurai Adheenam, which is caught in a controversy over the appointment of self-styled godman Nithyananda as its next pontiff.A team of five income tax officials entered the mutt premises on South Avani Moola Street in the heart of the city around 8.30am and conducted searches for five hours as shocked devotees gathered outside.The raids come in the wake of reports in the media linking the controversial appointment to the mutt's properties worth crores of rupees.The officials quizzed senior pontiff Arunagirinatha Desikar on the donations received by the mutt and its financial transactions. The officials were seen taking away cartons, apparently containing documents, around 1.30pm.A mutt employee termed the raids \"an act of vendetta by the DMK\" and alleged that it was conducted at the behest of a Union minister from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014490", "title": "Grain fare brings growers, buyers under one roof", "text": "NAGPUR: The popularity of organic food material is at an all-time high. It was no wonder that people flocked to buy the 'Poison-free' food material directly from the farmer.The three-day organic food fare which is being organized by Naisargik Shetmal Sangh at the ground opposite St. Ursula High School kick-started on Saturday. Many of the region's well-known organic farmers were present selling their wares directly to the customers. The buyers were also happy to get so many varieties of organic food material under the same roof.Prafulla Khaparikar, who was loading his car with the goodies he had just bought said, \"We have tried the organic grain earlier as well and find their quality much better. That is the reason we made it a point to buy the grains on the first day itself.\"Such was the response of the people that one of the organizers Manoj Javanjal had only one 25kg bag left out of 25 quintal grains he had brought along. Speaking about the differences in the ware in this year's fare, he said that this time 99% of the participants have got certification of 'organic grower' from the corporate sector.\"The grading and quality of grains is also much better. This is because we are trying to improve ourselves every year as the consumer is becoming more aware,\" said Sahebrao Dhote one of the organizers.Even this was evident from the reaction of the consumer. Anil Ambatkar, a buyer, said, \"Since these grains are without the harmful pesticides they are sure to be product of better quality. The best part is that with every purchase, they benefit the farmers directly rather than involve any middleman.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13016716", "title": "Hospitals observe 'World Hand Hygiene Day'", "text": "JAIPUR: Following the World Health Organization (WHO)'s suggestions that good hand hygiene is necessary to prevent healthcare-associated infections, various government and private hospitals on Saturday organized an event to spread awareness about it on the World Hand Hygiene Day, observed on May 5.Hospitals are places where infection spreads from one patient to other. If doctors, nurses and other people associated with the healthcare services give important to hand hygiene, the rate of the healthcare-associated infection could be reduced to a great extent, the doctors said.A private hospital microbiologist Dr Smita Sood said: \"Today we celebrated world hand hygiene day in our hospital with an aim to sensitize all the healthcare workers. The World Health Organization in 2008 started this and now more than 200 countries are following it (hand hygiene day).\"She said that there is a difference between world hand hygiene day and world handwashing day (which comes in October). World hand hygiene day is dedicated to the healthcare services and hospitals to bring down infection rate. \"If all the people involved in healthcare services in hospital give importance to hand hygiene, it would prevent infections from spreading in the hospital,\" Dr Sood said.A private hospital aesthetician Rajeev Tiwari said, \"A lot of international studies have been done in this regard. These studies suggest that if you have hand hygiene attitude, you can prevent infections. Sometimes, doctors or any other healthcare worker touches a patient and then he touches other patients without taking care of health hygiene, then he is spreading bacteria or other infection from one patient to other. So there are spirit or alcohol-based formulation are available in hospitals which healthcare workers should use constantly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015194", "title": "Blind teachers to get extra minutes at Teachers' Aptitude Test", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB), Gandhinagar, will hold the Teachers' Aptitude Test (TAT) examinations on May 7. The test is being held for recruitment of teachers for class IX and X.Officials said that blind teachers will be given permission to have writers to write their papers. However, the writers will be only class VIII pass. Blind candidates will appear for the first paper from 11 am to 1.30 pm with extra 20 minutes. In the second paper which will be from 3 to 5 pm, the blind candidates will be allowed extra 15 minutes. Board officials said that the additional time will be applicable only to the blind students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13016396", "title": "Rajasthan University student union president hailed", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan University's first woman president Prabha Choudhary has managed to make a mark it seems. Her success story has been appreciated by Bollywood newcomer Parineeti Chopra and Arjun Kapoor who are playing lead roles in 'Ishaqzaade'. The actors arrived here on Friday not just to promote their film, but to get a first hand experience of how a girl goes about winning a students' election in a university that never saw a woman president.Spell-bound by the efforts made by Prabha, Arjun told youngsters at a city mall on Friday that she is a focused leader. Parineeti said she was impressed by the huge support that Prabha enjoyed.\"It must have taken some courage to stand up in a male-dominated bastion and fight the polls,\" said Parineeti.Kapoor said,\" A female politician like her needs to be supported as a woman by nature has the qualities to be a perfect politician.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017362", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation revives ring road plan", "text": "PUNE: Giving a new lease of life to the long-pending proposal for a ring road around Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad to divert heavy traffic to the outskirts of the two cities, the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) has proposed 161.73 km ring road at a cost of Rs 10,408 crore.The MSRDC on Saturday made a presentation before elected representatives and Pune corporation officers in the presence of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. The ring road proposals were being discussed and debated since the last few years with frequent changes in road alignments. A few years ago Public Works Department (PWD) of the state government had proposed a ring road plan which was never implemented.\"We have to take a final decision on ring road as enough discussions have taken place. This is the final proposal. The MSRDC would construct the ring road which would cover Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad and other areas in Pune region. This road will take care of all the outbound traffic, which is now passing through these twin cities,\" said Pawar.The total cost of Rs 10,408 crore includes construction cost of Rs 7,560 crore and land acquisition cost of Rs 2,848 crore. The six-lane road would have two service lanes, 7.5 km elevated road and 12 km tunnel. This road would connect fringes of Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad, and connect Kesnand, Lonikand, Tulapur, Murkal, Alandi, Dehu, Kiwale, Wakad, Baner, Pashan, Chandni chowk, Katraj, Undri Pisoli, Holkarwadi, Wadki etc.\"This would take care of the traffic towards Solapur, Ahmednagar, Nashik, Yavat and other outbound traffic. The cost of the road could be recovered by using additional floor space index (FSI) and there would be no need to impose toll on the vehicles,\" said MSRDC officials. The MSRDC would not place the proposal before the state government for consideration.Pawar asked the civic administration to meanwhile complete the roads planned in the 1987 Development Plan (DP). The DP had earmarked two internal ring roads, one passing through Peth areas and the second, on the fringes. The plan also includes a High Capacity Mass Transit Route (HCMTR) route connecting areas between Bopodi and Hadapsar. The objective was to reduce traffic congestion. However, these roads may never become a reality as a majority of the land reserved for HCMTR has been dereserved while the land acquisition for the inner ring road has become impossible with largescale development in the city.State to clear metro proposal next weekDeputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Saturday said that the state government will clear the elevated rail corridor proposal from Vanaz to Ramwadi next week.\" There is no confusion and on Monday I will take the proposal to the chief minister. Next week the proposal will be cleared by the state cabinet\" said Ajit Pawar speaking to reporters at Council Hall.If there aren't any more flipflops along the way, the state cabinet will approve the 14.295 km elevated metro rail corridor next week. This progress on the metro project comes close on the heels of the Union urban development ministry's decision to consider metros in cities which have a 20-lakh plus population.It may be recalled that when the general body of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) approved of the elevated Vanaz-Ramwadi corridor in 2010, the NCP lent its weight behind the project. However, when chief minister Prithviraj Chavan announced in February that the state government would initiate steps for Pune's metro based on the DMRC report, Pawar changed his stance and said the city should have an underground metro, claiming it was the only \"sustainable option\". However last month Ajit Pawar again changed his stand and supported elevated metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "alapuzzha", "code": "13016299", "title": "Youths paint the town red with 'Art Now'", "text": "ALAPUZZHA: An exhibition of paintings titled 'Art Now' being organized by two talented artists here is attracting a large numbers of visitors.Anil G and Suraj R, former students of Government College of Fine Arts, Thrissur, began their week-long painting exhibition on May 1 at Art Cafe at Mullackal in Alappuzha. \"Nature is a major element in our sketchbooks. We have also depicted the dangerous changes that have taken place in the agricultural sector and other fields due to modernization and urbanization. We also try to force people to protect nature through our works,'' Suraj, a native of Alappuzha, said on Saturday.\"Painting exhibitions are rare in Alappuzha. This exhibition is a really amazing and inspiring one,'' said Vinu, a visitor at the exhibition.Leonardo da Vinci's 'Mona Lisa' created by artist Anil P G, hailing from Thiruvalla, is an attraction.\"These kinds of exhibitions are good means for us to express our feelings and latent talent in public. We have been getting a good response and are professionally satisfied. The majority of the youths in the state, however, are not keen on taking up fine arts as a career,'' Suraj said.\"This should change and the government should come forward to support and encourage talented painters. There are no good art galleries in Kerala for organizing painting exhibitions. We are trying to attract youths to our profession through expos and Facebook,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13016261", "title": "GRP to reconstruct incident, sends samples to ascertain Frank's health before assualt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as what led to the assault on Frank Wilfred remains a mystery, the Govt Railway Police (GRP) on Saturday took Manoj Kumar, the accused travelling ticket examiner (TTE) of Sachkhand Express, to his residence at Amritsar.Continuing with technical investigations, GRP authorities said they have started preparations for reconstructing the crime scene for the purpose of investigations. At the same time, the tissue and viscera samples drawn from Frank's body have been sent to forensic science laboratory (FSL) at Madhuban and chemical laboratory at Karnal for conducting various tests.Police parties have started visiting the passengers on board in coach number S4, who were believed to be eyewitnesses of the case, sources said. Teams of police personnel who had gone to Manmad, Aurangabad and Nanded stations, which fall under the office of divisional railway manager (DRM) Bhusawal, Maharasthra, have reached back on Friday night, they added.\"Our people are on the job and are hopeful of solving the case soon. So far as reconstruction of scene is concerned, we shall do so after we complete our investigations and record the statements of passengers as well as those on duty in the train,'' V Kamraja, IG railways, Haryana said.Meanwhile, officials in FSL Madhuban confirmed having received blood stain, tissue and viscera samples for the purpose of chemical examinations and other tests.\"We have been told to conduct all kinds of tests to have the exact condition of general health of the deceased before assault. Chemical examinations shall also ascertain as to whether there was any kind of sedition or not,'' the official, unwilling to be identified, said.On April 29, Frank Wilfred, a French national, was allegedly pushed from the train while he was on board bogey number S4 of Sachkhand Express at Karnal railway station. With internal head injuries and bruises on body, he was rushed to Karnal civil hospital. He was further referred to PGI Chandigarh where he succumbed to injuries on Thursday morning.TTE Manoj Kumar was the first person to be arrested by GRP. Manoj was initially booked in a case of attempt to murder, which was later converted into a murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13015497", "title": "Govt mulls auction of special registration numbers for vehicles", "text": "INDORE: The state transport department is all set to auction the VIP numbers or special numbers for registration of four wheelers. The department has set up a committee, headed by the regional transport officer (RTO), Indore, Pawan Jain, to prepare a report in this connection and submit the same before it within 15 days.Confirming about it, Jain told ToI that the idea behind putting the VIP registration number of vehicles under the hammer was two-fold. First, it will lessen the burden from the RTOs who are besieged with requests of special of VIP numbers. Auctioning the numbers would help the state government to earn additional revenue as well, said Jain.At present, the RTO charges a fixed amount for getting the choice registration numbers under various slabs. For example, the RTO charges Rs 15,000 for any choice registration number, falling between 1 and 9 and Rs 12,000 in case the VIP number sought ranged between 10 and 99 digits.The problem is that the numbers of such VIP registration are few, whereas the claimants are many and hence the mismatch. There are a total of 412 VIP numbers for the registration numbers of a particular series, which begins from 1 and ends up at 9999. Some of the most sought after VIP registration numbers include any number between 1 and 9, 111, 1111, 2222, 3333, 4444, 786 and 1008.Y Rana, Regional Transport Inspector, Indore, said that we normally issue the VIP registration numbers on first come, first served basis. Still, it puts a lot of pressure on us and we often find it difficult to satisfy one and all when it comes to the VIP registration number, said Rana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13015288", "title": "He swiped others money from ATMs to live in style", "text": "BHOPAL: A college student, who allegedly committed more than 28 ATM thefts in the city to live in style, was arrested from his residence at Saket Nagar on Saturday. The cops managed to catch hold of him on the basis of CCTV footage of ATM showing his presence at different ATM booths for unusually long time, sources said.The accused, a regular at hookah lounge, cafe coffee day and in habit of wearing top-end clothes, allegedly made two foreign trips with the money, he would snitch from ATM by using password of other card holders. The accused, Deepak Soni, 21, is a student of BBA and is said to know French, Spanish, English, Punjabi and Hindi languages.\"The accused the resident of Saket Nagar would allegedly withdraw the money from ATM machine after confusing cardholders about a machine developing some technical snag,\" said SSP Yogesh Choudhary.Strangely, the accused targeted only SBI ATMs in areas like MP Nagar, TT Nagar and Govindpura.Soni would select the ATM counter having two withdrawal machines and would stand on one machine and wait for a genuine cardholder to come to the other machine.When an unsuspecting card holder would come to the other machine, the accused would tell him that machine was not working. Soni would also tell the gullible person that he was experiencing a problem in getting his money out and was trying the customer care number for assistance.Without doubting the accused motive, the person would switch to the next machine at the same ATM counter.When the other person would remain busy with making transactions, the smart operator would commit other person's password to memory by seeing finger movements and change the ATM machine's language to Marathi or Urdu due to which the screen would turn blue, the police said. Once, the cardholder would go away, Soni would not waste time in withdrawing the money.The police said the accused confessed to making two foreign trips to Malaysia and Singapore and married a Nepali girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13015937", "title": "IPL match: Dada fans flock to Eden, choke traffic", "text": "KOLKATA: The weather office had forecast a Nor'wester for Saturday evening, but cricket fans in Kolkata seemed oblivious to these threats. Thousands of supporters, donning blue and purple jerseys, made a beeline for the Eden Gardens to witness the match between Team Kolkata and Team Pune. While Dada's fans got to cheer for him and Team Kolkata supporters went home happy with a win, commuters had much to complain about.Traffic in the central part of the city was completely thrown out of gear soon after 2pm when cricket fans started moving towards the stadium. \"What can we do? There are a large number of cars near the stadium. There are also thousands of people walking towards Eden Gardens. We have to stop vehicles to allow them to cross. To prevent accidents or a major traffic snarl, we blocked traffic on S N Banerjee Road for some time,\" a police officer said.Metro commuters also complained of tremendously crowded trains. \"It was a Saturday and many people were returning home after office in the afternoon. Added to this was the Eden crowd. The trains resembled suburban ones during peak hours,\" a commuter said. The Metro carried 4.4 lakh commuters till 9pm on Saturday. On other Saturdays, the total commuter figure stands at 3.9 lakh, said a Metro railway officer.But then, for his fans, it was a homecoming for Sourav Ganguly. For many, it didn't matter that Dada is no longer in top form. They just wanted Team Pune to 'avenge' the unfair treatment meted out to their beloved by the selectors of Team Kolkata. The divide was evident on the streets leading to Eden Gardens. A stream of spectators in blue cheered lustily for their Dada while passing another group dressed in the purple and gold of Team Kolkata. Given the cheer that went up when Ganguly held on to a catch and then hit a six indicated that he did enjoy a larger fan following than Team Kolkata in the stadium.\"If Dada plays in Kolkata, it is obvious that we will support him. That is why we are supporting Team Pune,\" said Chinmoy Ghosh, a resident of Khardah, who had braved the afternoon heat in a Team Pune jersey with 'Dada' painted across his face. There were some fence-sitters as well who came dressed in both colours. Many came dressed in both colours.They said that they would cheer both for Ganguly and Team Kolkata at the same time, the diehard fans claimed that they would shift sides depending upon the results.Reema Chatterjee, an IT-sector employee from Barasa, wore a Team Kolkata jersey but a Team Pune bandana. \"I want to support both Dada and KKR. I have to pay tribute to Dada even if I support Kolkata,\" she said.But for some Shah Rukh Khan was the only reason to visit Eden Gardens. then, Shahrukh Khan did make a difference, even among those who have little or no knowledge about the game.\"I am a Shah Rukh fan and will cheer for Team Kolkata,\" said Maria, a German national who went with her friend Melanie to Eden Gardens dressed in purple and gold.However, hawkers were the ones who went home happy even before the start of the match. But there were some who went home happy, well before the start of the action at Eden.Some of them who peddle jerseys, bandanas and flags outside Eden on match days had made a smart gamble. They had brought more Team Pune merchandise than that of the home team. By 3.30pm, they were on their way home. Those with Team Kolkata items had hardly managed to sell anything. \"This was a special match and between Dada and SRK. I chose rightly and all the Team Pune merchandise was sold,\" said Sujit, a hawker.The weather office had forecast a Nor'wester for Saturday evening but cricket fans in Kolkata seem to have a saviour saint of their own. So far as cricket goes the evening's match between Team Kolkata and Team Pune was nothing to write home about, save for the magnificent save by Steve Smith and the three consecutive sixes by Angelo Mathews . But then, Dada's fans got to cheer for him and Team Kolkata's supporters went home happy with a win.The same can't be said for the general public though. Traffic in the central part of the city was completely thrown out of gear soon after 2 pm when the cricket fans started moving towards Eden Gardens. \"What can we do? There are a large number of cars near the stadium. There are also thousands of people walking towards Eden Gardens. We have to stop vehicles to allow them to cross. To prevent accidents or a major traffic snarl, we blocked traffic on S N Banerjee Road for some time,\" a police officer said.Metro commuters also complained of tremendously crowded trains. \"It was a Saturday and many people were returning home after office in the afternoon. Added to this was the Eden crowd. The trains resembled suburban ones during peak hours,\" a commuter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13014724", "title": "Casting couch grabs bigger role in television world", "text": "MUMBAI: The sordid Simran Sood-Vijay Palande episode has brought Bollywood's infamous casting couch under the scanner yet again. While some say that many newcomers continue to encounter it, others maintain that this now takes place more in television and B-grade cinema.The 'couch' process starts much before an aspirant comes face-to-face with a director or a producer. Touts, who claim direct access to the big boys of Bollywood, accost newcomers outside production houses and then it may be several rounds before the starlet finally gets to meet the person/s who will be deciding on casting her.Of course, there are directors who defend \"genuine\" producers but even they agree that Andheri's Lokhandwala is perhaps the epicentre of Bollywood's casting couch. Even men are not safe. Actor Ranveer Singh is one who \"almost fell into the casting couch\" during his early days of struggle when he was targeted by a producer, surprisingly known to be a \"thorough gentleman\".But the casting couch is far more prevalent in the television industry where actors find themselves dropped from entire episodes if they do not agree to oblige. Stories of youngsters getting exploited-be it for a roof over their heads or a two-bit role in a film - are all over Lokhandwala.Filmmaker Sudhir Mishra, known for thought-provoking films such as Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi, rubbishes talk that the casting couch is rampant. \"The Lokhandwala film industry has been infiltrated by fly-by-night producers who exploit newcomers,\" he says. The real tinsel town, in contrast, has corporate funding, image makeovers and branding exercises. \"The casting couch may be happening in the B-grade industry, not in places where serious cinema is happening,\" says Mishra, adding that young filmmakers don't exactly need some couch to satisfy their \"needs\".Actor Ranveer Singh of Band Baaja Baaraat fame concurs. He talks of how he was propositioned. \"A coordinator called me for an audition where three gentlemen directly asked for favours. They kept using words like darling, tu toh bada sexy hai.\" After rushing out, he did a bit of sleuthing to find out about the coordinator. \"No one seemed to know this coordinator. A friend told me that such incidents usually happened in coffee shops, where boys or girls are asked to come to the washroom,\" adds Ranveer.The casting couch happens at a lower level, he says. \"The stakes are too high for big production houses and they can't jeopardize their image by indulging in such acts.\"But ask any struggler in Bollywood and he or she will talk about touts claiming to be casting directors and coordinators moving around in offices of production houses. An old-timer says, \"There was a time when this director was making a dozen films in a year and almost every aspiring actor, actress or writer came knocking at his door. Casting coordinators and assistant directors would take advantage of them. They would openly tell the newcomers we will get you a role in the film but you will have to compromise. Some did manage to get work but most failed, despite the barter.\"There have been several instances in the recent past where starlets have levelled charges against some known directors. Casting director Abhijit Singh says, \"It may be happening at the assistant director and coordinator level and in case of smaller films. Most of the big production houses hire character actors through agencies and the main actors deal with them directly. There is a chance if the director likes someone then he does the deal directly.\"Asked if allegations of the casting couch were being made by starlets to blackmail filmmakers, Mishra says, \"The term is used by those who fail. I have only one suggestion to make to anyone who is seriously aspiring to make it in the film industry: if suggestions are made, just slap the person.\" But seniors insist that casting couch always existed over the years and it has only changed forms. It is said that quite a few top actors and actresses too have been exploited in the past. A source says, \"A top director stopped shooting his film after the first schedule and said he would resume shooting only if the lead actress visited him at his Madh Island bungalow. The actress didn't have any choice but to go. Today she is a big star.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015968", "title": "No placement fees after cable TV digitization: Trai chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) chairman J S Sarma has said that TV channels will not have to pay any placement fees once cable systems are digitized. He also indicated a range beyond which the other bugbear of the TV channels -- carriage fees -- would be deemed unreasonable so as to attract regulation, and further added that the number of \"must carry\" channels could rise from the present 500 if there are more active channels.However, broadcasters are unlikely to be assuaged, because they had been promised that carriage fees would be banned under the new regime, but instead they now have to mandatorily pay carriage fees to distributors so as to fund them to digitize. Industry sources said that this would further distort anindustry where already nine-tenths of TV channels are bleeding while the cable companies/distributors continue to profit.\"We are saying 'no' to placement fees,\" Sarma said on Saturday. Channels have been concerned that distributors would demand monies to pick their channels in the newly specified tiers. This is because under the rules, they would be free to choose any minimum five free to air channels in specific categories while there are many more than just five channels in any category in the marketplace.On the other escalating issue of carriage fees that broadcasters have to pay just for their channels to be shown, Sarma said that carriage fees paid beyond 50 paise per subscriber per channel per year would be \"noticed\", and anything beyond a rupee per subscriber per channel per year would \"definitely need attention\" as it would be deemed to be unreasonable.While saying that TRAI was not indicating anything, he added: \"We don't want to get into a very rigid figure at this stage. We will watch... In the event if we feel anybody is unreasonable, we will intervene\". In response to a question, he said he thought there would be sunset to carriage fees.Broadcasters have been demanding this sunset clause, given that the Centre had promised an end to carriage fees under digitization, as systems were to have been upgraded adequately so as to potentially carry all channels registered in India today. Instead, from January 1 next year, TRAI will have opened the door for regularizing it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13017214", "title": "Bhatta rape: Cops asked to file FIR", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Almost a year after the Bhatta-Parsaul land agitation hit headlines, the Gautam Budh Nagar district court has directed the UP police to lodge an FIR against unnamed police personnel in the alleged rape of a Bhatta resident.The order came after the complainant alleged rape by unidentified policemen on the night of May 7 following clashes between the administration and the farmers. The CJM has issued directions to the station officer of the Dankaur police station, under the provisions of Section 173 of CrPC, to lodge an FIR and to conduct an investigation at the earliest.\"As per the complaint's application filed by the victim, the policemen entered the victim's house on the pretext of conducting an investigation and raped her,\" said the victim's counsel. The victim has been running from pillar to post to get the FIR registered but despite the directions of National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) to register a criminal case registered against the culprits, no case had been registered so far\".The villages of Bhatta and Parsaul hit the headlines on May 7 following a clash between the police and farmers. Demanding better compensation for acquired land, farmers had staged a dharna in Bhatta-Parsaul.Trouble ensued when police tried to quell the agitation. Four people, including two police personnel, were killed in the incident. Later it was alleged that the police went on a rampage in the villages on the night of May 7, ransacked the homes of farmers and burnt standing crops.It was also alleged that some village women were raped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13019957", "title": "Lalu slams Nitish for handshake with Modi", "text": "PATNA: RJD supremo Lalu Prasad on Sunday questioned the \"secular credentials\" of chief minister Nitish Kumar following the latter's exchange of pleasantries and warm handshake with his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi and alleged that both of them (Kumar and Modi) were on same ideological page.\"Kumar's secular credentials has come under scrutiny once again after he shook hands with Modi and exchanged pleasantries with him in full media glare at yesterday's conference of the Chief Ministers on the NCTC in New Delhi, he told reporters here.\"The Chief Minister stands thoroughly exposed as far as his secular image is concerned as he has always sought to maintain distance with Modi in Bihar, but did not mind interaction with him at places outside the state,\" Prasad said.Kumar's deliberations with Modi has proved it beyond doubt that his facade of being secularist was aimed at keeping the minorities in good humour in order to get their votes for staying in power, the RJD supremo alleged.All the protestation by Kumar about publication of his photograph with Modi during 2010 BJP national executive was aimed at befooling the minorities with eye on their votes in the assembly polls to be held later that year, Prasad alleged.On the NCTC issue, the RJD supremo urged the Centre to evolve a consensus before setting up the anti-terror body in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015891", "title": "NCTC is fascist, anti-people: Naxal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Maoists have slammed the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) in a statement, calling it anti-people, fascist and tyrannical. Charging that it has been formed on the \"advice and guidance of US imperialists\", the statement released by Abhay, spokesperson of the Maoist central committee, says the NCTC proposal \"would make the Home Minister an unopposed emperor of internal security\".The statement goes on to say, \"All the intelligence agencies would be put under NCTC. This would tear the veil of even the namesake federalism written in the constitution and would give full powers to the Centre. It would control and coordinate all counter-terrorist operations. Functionaries of the state government (including police) must provide information, documents and reports to NCTC. The defence and finance ministries are also supposed to depute their representatives to NCTC.\"The statement criticises the chief ministers opposing NCTC as well, saying they are doing this only because \"such centralized powers\" will \"ridicule the law and order that is a state government subject\". It asks, \"But are non-Congress Chief Ministers like Mamata Banerjee , Naveen Patnaik, Narendra Modi, Prakash Singh Badal and Jayalalithaa really worried about federal principles? Not at all. And there is not a single word from them that NCTC would lead to further suppression of the people. In fact, the Congress party and the non-Congress ruling parties are all blood-sucking dictators.\"\"If NCTC is formed every fighting organization would be banned just as our party and other organizations have been banned under UAPA. Every protest of the people would become a crime. Every struggle would be termed illegal. All movement areas would turn into concentration camps. India would turn into Germany under Hitler . Particularly, the intervention of US would increase further in all matters related to internal security.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "vijayawada/guntur", "code": "13015444", "title": "Heat wave and heavy rain hit coastal regions", "text": "VIJAYAWADA/GUNTUR: Even as mercury touched record levels at several areas of the costal region in the morning, heavy gales and winds wreaked havoc on the crops of the farmers by evening on Saturday. Rentachintala in Guntur district registered the highest temperature of 45 degree Celsius on Saturday. Normal life was almost paralysed with the temperatures soaring to record levels till the afternoon. Ongole town stood second with 44 degrees, while Bapatla and Kavali recorded 43 degrees. Nellore registered 42 degrees and Vijayawada city too experienced scorching heat at 41 degrees.However, by evening, weather changed and several parts of the coastal districts received rains and thundershowers. Although the sudden change of weather brought respite from the scorching heat, farmers were once again hit by the sudden rain and gales. According to initial reports, heavy gales and winds damaged mango crop in Nuzvid and Musnur mandals. Rain was reported at several mandals in the eastern parts of the district including Tiruvur, Gannavaram and Nuzvid.Horticulture officials fear that a crop of around Rs10 crore might have been damaged in Nuzvid zone alone. Chilli farmers too were at the receiving end as stocks brought to the chilli yard at Guntur were completely damaged in the rain waters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13023975", "title": "Smith was sure of winning the match on getting strike", "text": "MUMBAI: A confident Dwayne Smith had told Rudra Pratap Singh that he could win the match for Mumbai Indians if the paceman could manage to give him strike to face the last three balls.RP Singh got a single in the third ball and Mumbai needed 14 runs off the final three balls. Smith kept his words by hammering a six and two fours to take Mumbai Indians to a thrilling two-wicket victory over holders Chennai Super Kings.\"I just backed myself. I know as long as I can watch the ball I can do it. I just asked RP to give me the three balls that were left. I knew I could do it from there,\" said the West Indian at the post-match press conference.Smith made an unbeaten 24 off nine balls that won him the man of the match award.Smith also credited Tendulkar for giving him confidence when he set off to bat at no. 6 at the fall of Ambati Rayudu's wicket at 148 in the 18th over.\"He (Tendulkar) said the wicket was good. He told me to back myself and he was true, it paid off. It's a big win and we really deserved it as well. Yes, I will put I up there as one of my best,\" he said.Smith said he had done a similar feat for Barbados in a domestic competition.\"I remember winning a game for Barbados. It went into the Super Over after we needed 12 to tie the game. I got two sixes off the last two balls,\" he said.Smith said he was awaiting the call from an IPL franchise.\"I actually thought that I was going to be here with one of the teams from the beginning, but that didn't happen. But I am happy to be here now and win some games for Mumbai.\"I was playing club cricket in Trinidad. I keep practising all the time. We have club cricket in Barbados too. So, I always keep playing,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13015425", "title": "Seven Nashik Municipal Corporation employees caught playing cards at work", "text": "NASHIK: An employee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) was suspended for being drunk on duty and six others were issued showcause notices after they were found playing cards.A deputy commissioner of the NMC caught the seven employees of the west division red-handed while they were playing cards in the premises of their office on Friday. Six were issued showcause notices while one has been suspended on the grounds of being drunk. This information was revealed by deputy commissioner (administration), Deepak Kasar, who nabbed the employees.Kasar informed that he had been getting complaints that NMC employees while away their time rather than doing their work. Acting on a tip-off on Friday that employees of the west divisional office at Old Pandit Colony were gambling, Kasar visited the spot immediately. Security guard Ashok Kapse, junior clerk Shankar Vidhate, Kailas Shirsat, Hemant Junnare, Vishwas Dodke, office boy Balkrishna Gangurde and sanitary employee Sachin Pagare were found playing cards during office hours.Kasar said he stood quietly behind one of the employees playing cards and began suggesting which card the emploee should play next. Engrossed in their game, the employees did not even notice the deputy commissioner and began responding to his suggestions. When one of them happened to notice him, he announced Kasar's presence to the others. \"One of them has been suspended because he was drunk. Showcause notices have been issued to the remaining six, asking them to present their side within three days. Strict action will be taken in future if anyone is found indulging in such activities,\" said Kasar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13016108", "title": "Rs 26.55L worth gold bars seized from Lankan", "text": "CHENNAI: Air customs sleuths on Saturday seized gold bars worth 26.55 lakh from a Sri Lankan who arrived at Chennai from Colombo. The nine 24-carat gold bars had been concealed in his rectum.H A Premlal arrived by Sri Lankan airlines flight (UL 125) and was passing through the customs without declaring any goods when officials questioned him. Premlal admitted to carrying the gold bars, weighing 900gm. He was arrested under the Customs Act 1962 for attempted smuggling and non-declaration and remanded in judicial custody, a press release said.Surveillance of foreign passengers has been stepped up at airports after a spurt in gold smuggling cases. Colombo is considered a sensitive airport and passengers from Sri Lanka are monitored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014711", "title": "Kits and vaccine for dangerous Listeriosis soon", "text": "NAGPUR: A soil borne bacterium may have been killing thousands of unborn and newborn children, men and women by getting into their bodies through food directly or indirectly without their or their doctors' knowledge. But, unfortunately, Indian doctors are not trained to look for the disease during infections caused through food.The Nagpur Veterinary College (NVC) has been studying the different strains of the bacteria causing the infection in animals for the last 5-6 years. The city-based Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University (Mafsu) has launched a project to develop rapid diagnostic kits and vaccine for the disease in humans under a five-year multi-institutional project funded to the tune of Rs 2.23 crore by the central government's department of biotechnology (DBT).The bacteria known as Listeria monocytogenes causes a disease called Listeriosis which could prove to be fatal in immuno-compromised patients (immunity is minimum) in diseases like AIDS, tuberculosis etc or in elderly people and pregnant women. The bacterium is so deadly that once it enters human body it can spread from the digestive system to every organ of body within few hours and cause death from infection to the brain (meningitis) without giving much chance for diagnosis.\"It is a zoonotic (diseases or infections which can transmit from animals to man and vice versa) disease caused from infected food which could be mainly milk and milk products, vegetables and fruits. In India we have studied the bacteria obtained from different regions in animals and developed diagnostic kits under two earlier projects funded by the department of science and technology and the Indian Council of Agriculture Research (NAIP project). Developed countries have identified the strains which cause the infection. But, in India now, we would be studying the infection in humans and develop kits for diagnosing the disease,\" said Dr DR Kallorey from the NVC's microbiology department.NVC and other allied institutions under Mafsu would be working under the Centre for Excellence in Innovative Biotechnology project funded by DBT on the disease. Trinad Chakrborty Dekan from the University of Giessen in Germany, who was at Mafsu on Saturday to work out the dimensions of collaborative research with Mafsu under the proposed Zoonotic Centre in the university, told TOI that the two sides had already developed diagnostic kits spreading from 24 hours to 2 hours for listeriosis under a Indo-German study.\"The food-borne infection can cause repeated abortions in women or even kill new born babies. The bacterium can cause severe infections in sensitive population like the immuno-compromised patients, elderly and pregnant women and lead to death through brain infection. In India the infection goes undetected. But in USA it is a well-known disease and had killed 146 people who had infected eaten melon last year across 15 states,\" said Chakraborty.Even simple diseases like cold and diarrhoea could be traced back to these bacteria. But Indian doctors are not trained to look for the symptoms. And, hence, the need for such a study which would look for different strains of the bacteria in humans. Most humans are exposed to the bacteria but do not suffer from the disease due to strong immune system. But children below the age of 5 years are most vulnerable to the infection. Chakraborty said that studies in animal have shown presence of same strain across different parts of country which could make diagnosis and treatment through higher antibiotics possible.Clearance expected soon for Zoonosis CentreMaharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University (Mafsu) is expecting the clearance for the much publicized 'Zoonosis centre' for the university from the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and the Indian Council of Agricultural Rsearch (ICAR) very soon. The university representatives for the proposed centre met all its stakeholders on Saturday to chalk out the background for a revised and new proposal.Dr DR Kallorey, professor of microbiology in Nagpur Veterinary College of Mafsu, told TOI after the meeting that initially the two agencies have agreed to fund the zoonosis centre which would be upgraded into an institute after 2-3 years. The meeting was addressed by the dean research Dr LB Sarkate and dean faculty of Mafsu, Dr Abdul Samad.\"Zoonotic diseases affect the rural population more as they come in direct contact with livestock. There are many diseases which can be transferred from animals to man and need to be dealt seriously. The centre would be a good beginning to handle the diagnosis and treatment of these diseases and also in their prevention. But care should be taken to involve the best of experts in different fields cutting across barriers of disciplines of science and institutions,\" said Samad.Dr Sarkate called for systematic analysis of the data generated from the research conducted in the centre. He also advised creation of repository of various microorganisms and their documentation.Others who attended the meeting include Dr HF Daginawala, research head of CIIMS laboratory and his associate Dr Raj Kashyap, Dr SS Tabkhiwale, Dr V R Shegaonkar from Government Medical College and Hospital (Nagpur), Dr DK Mendiratta, professor and head of microbiology from the Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (Sewagram), Dr AG Bhandarkar, professor of veterinary pathology, Dr Raghuwanshi and Dr NN Zade from NVC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016636", "title": "Civil Services: Neha,Ankit do city proud", "text": "PATNA: While the girls overshadowed boys in the Civil Services Examination conducted by Union Public Services Commission (UPSC), a Patna girl also did the city proud by securing 22nd rank in the prestigious examination. An alumnus of IIM-Lucknow, Neha Prakash said her diehard attitude and support of her parents helped her qualify the examination with flying colours.Neha, who is an ex-student of the city-based Notre Dame Academy, expressed delight at her achievement, \"I was confident that I would qualify, but such an astounding success left me ecstatic beyond bounds.\"The 29-year-old Neha, who made it big in the first attempt itself, completed her engineering from Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra and MBA from IIM-Lucknow. She is presently based in Delhi working with a multinational bank.Talking to TOI on phone from New Delhi, she said, \"Working with a multinational bank, I am making profits for a foreign bank. This does not provide me an opportunity to work for the people of my country, which the Civil Services would. So I decided to join it.\" She added, \"I attribute my success to my parents who were always by my side and supported me wholeheartedly in my efforts.\"No doubt, Neha's father Jai Prakash, who is employed in Union ministry of agriculture and posted in Bihar, and mother Priti Prakash are beaming. \"We are extremely proud of our daughter. She was always a bright student and qualified in Common Admission Test (CAT) without any coaching. We were confident of her success this time too,\" said Neha's mother.Neha has now become a role model for the Civil Services aspirants. She advises them, \"Firstly, they should shed the notion that the Civil Services examination is too tough to qualify. They should have full faith in their abilities.\" She added, \"What matters is smart strategy and putting it into practice. I can say with full confidence that self-study can help you better than any coaching.\" Incidentally, she herself did not go for any coaching.She had taken sociology and management as her mains subjects, and suggests the aspirants to choose their subjects as per their inclination. \"I don't think there are any subjects which are more marks fetching. Interest in a subject and one's exposure to it must be the only guiding factors.\" She adds, \"An aspirant must expose himself to maximum number of resources apart from books to have in-depth knowledge. A good knowledge of current affairs is important just not for general studies but also for optional subjects. Extensive reading of newspapers is a must for every aspirant.\"Apart from Neha, Ankit Kumar Agrawal has also brought laurels to the city by securing 126th rank. An-ex student of city's International School and alumnus of Netaji Subhash Institute of Technology, Delhi, Ankit had worked with Yahoo Inc. in Bangalore for two years.\"I quit my job in April 2010 and started preparing for the examination. Fortunately, I succeeded in my second attempt,\" Ankit told TOI, adding, \"I credit my family, friends, seniors and mentors for my success.\"Ankit opted for sociology and public administration as his mains subjects. To the aspirants, he advises, \"Subject selection must be done carefully. One must thoroughly study all the topics instead of selected ones because many a time questions are set in a combined manner comprising more than one topic.\"A few other Patna students have also qualified in the examination. While Ujjwal Kumar secured 24th rank, Ashish Bharti and Prabhakar Kumar Ranjan got 337th and 339th rank, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015620", "title": "Old City a major betting hub", "text": "HYDERABAD: With IPL season in full swing, the South Zone police have discovered to its dismay that the Old City is turning into a major cricket betting hub. The police launched a crackdown 11 days ago to curb the menace and have busted eight rackets and taken 37 punters into custody.Sources said that the biggest catch in this drive was a seven-member gang headed by a cloth merchant from Charminar that made a profit of Rs 7 lakh since the season began. Insiders revealed that the Old City was on a high on IPL betting and pegged the turnover to the tune of Rs 200 crore. But with people from all walks of life trying their luck in quest for quick money, the police are flooded with complaints from residents whose kith and kin suffered huge financial losses.With the clampdown on, most of the major bookies have gone underground and have switched off their mobile phones. Interestingly, from among the several cell phones seized by the police during the raids, two were loaded with customized software the bookies were using to record the conversation of the punters. \"Now, betting is all about calling on a particular number and registering the bet. The moment a call is received, the time, the amount that the person is betting gets recorded electronically in the cell phone,\" said a police official. Everything is done electronically, the official added.Old timers note that even before the IPL started, betting was a cherished pastime for a sizeable number of residents, who had the money to lose. But the practice had not percolated down to the economically lower strata. Bhavaninagar, Charminar, Aaman Nagar, Moosa Bowli and Mirchowk are some of the areas from where the arrests were made. Insiders say that even college students have started betting. It is easy money that attracts majority of the punters.Akun Sabharwal, DCP, South Zone, said that the effect is harsher in the South Zone limits because the economic condition of the people who are increasingly taking to betting is not sound. \"Residents in the Old City do not have money to splurge. We thought it was better to curb the menace,\" said Sabharwal. He added that during the raids, Rs 80,000 and over 22 cell phones were also seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13023639", "title": "Narine's test will be after honeymoon period, feels Jayawardene", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sri Lankan captain Mahela Jayawardene termed mystery spinner Sunil Narine as an \"exciting prospect who is going through a honeymoon period.\"Jayawardene, who has seen the emergence of Ajantha Mendis as a \"mystery spinner\" and then turning out to be a cannon fodder for international batsman feels that with passage of time, his bowling would be analysed more and more.\"The contest with Narine will be exciting tomorrow. He is going through a honeymoon period. But more and more he plays, batsmen will start analysing him and then it will be his real test. The key will be whether he is improving as a bowler from what he is right now,\" Jayawardene said on the eve of Delhi Daredevils' match against Kolkata Knight Riders.Jayawardene has got only one half-century till now but he didn't seem perturbed with his form.\"I have been hitting the ball very well. It's been a bit of an up and down for me but I know it would get sorted out once I spend more time in the middle.\"Although David Warner is all set to open with Virender Sehwag but Jayawardene tried to keep the cards close to his chest.\"I would like you guys to keep guessing till tomorrow.\" When asked whether Warner would find it difficult to replicate Kevin Pietersen's blazing form, the Daredevils vice-captain replied that each player has their own skill-sets and no one can be a direct replacement of any other player.\"If Viru gets injured, then can someone replacing him be called an ideal replacement? The answer is 'No'. Similarly Kevin had different strengths to what Warner has. The idea is to be flexible and change the way we play to suit the combination.\"The stylish batsman called KKR \"an all-round side.\" \"Gauti (Gambhir) has led from the front. But again their top-order has scored a lot. It will be an exciting contest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015759", "title": "Catch films of Hazarika at Shakuntalam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shakuntalam Theatre at Pragati Maidan is not reopening in its original form. Part of a larger plan to create more spaces for business conferences and interactions on the Pragati Maidan grounds, it too will serve mainly as a venue for business events.However, during \"lean periods\", when the venue is free, India Trade Promotion Organization (ITPO) will organize film festivals at Shakuntalam. A week-long restrospective of Bhupen Hazarika's films start on May 18. But for the rest, Shakuntalam's days of screening commercial Bollywood films for tickets are over.The film festival, being organized by ITPO in collaboration with the Directorate of Film Festivals, will be free to the public who'll have to pay only the entry fee for Pragati Maidan. \"We'll close the doors once the hall fills up. We don't want people standing,\" says P C Sharma, general manager. Shakuntalam can seat 300. Five films will be screened at the fest that Hazarika had composed for (Chameli Memsaab, Aparoop, Gandhi to Hitler ), composed and sung for (Rudali) and produced and acted in (Ek Pal).Film festivals, clarifies Sharma, will not follow any schedule.\"It is secondary to the business events. It's only when the hall is free that we'll use it for films. Also, no commercial Bollywood films will be screened there,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015648", "title": "5,764 Haj quota allocated for state this year", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh has been allocated a Haj quota of 5,764 this year. Of the total allocation for the state, 1,418 pilgrims have been selected from among those above 70 years of age and those who have applied for the fourth time. Qurrah for the remaining 4346 units will be held on May 10.Applicants who have not obtained their cover numbers can contact the office of the Haj Committee on 040-23298793 or visit www.hajcommittee.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014630", "title": "Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited declares new amnesty scheme for defaulters", "text": "NAGPUR: Power distributor MSEDCL has announced a new amnesty scheme for five categories of defaulters in order to increase its revenue. The cash strapped entity has simultaneously cracked down on power theft on defaulters. The former has proved to be easier task for so far.The five categories are: Industrial HT and LT (PD), public water works (PD and live), residential BPL, tribal and RGGVY beneficiaries (PD and live), other residential consumers (PD) and agricultural consumers HT and LT (PD). The consumers whose supply has been permanently disconnected (PD) due to persistent non-payment of bills.The entire arrears and delayed payment charges (DPC) as on March 31, 2012, will be waived for public water works. They will have to pay only the principal amount. MSEDCL is ready to provide 24 instalments to them.For industrial consumers MSEDCL is ready to waive off 50% interest and 100% DPC. In case the consumer pays 100% principal amount along with 20% interest in next three months, the remaining 30% interest amount would be waived off. The entire interest and DPC of residential BPL, tribal and RGGVY consumers will be waived off.In case of other residential consumers 50% interest and 100% DPC will be waived off. If the consumer pays the entire principal along with 10% interest in three months, the remaining 40% interest will be waived off. For farmers the entire interest and DPC amount would be waived off.Consumers owe over Rs 13,000 crore to MSEDCL, which is neck deep in red. The company is desperately trying to improve its financial condition. It has realized that it will never be able to recover the arrears fully unless some incentive is given to defaulters and the amnesty scheme has been announced due to this reason. However, response to amnesty schemes in the past has not been very good.An MSEDCL official said that the only way to fully recover the arrears was to empower power distributor to seize the assets of the defaulters like banks and then auction them. \"This will discourage consumers from not paying bills,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13024715", "title": "Students' stir affects Barak colleges", "text": "SILCHAR: An indefinite agitation by local students' for the past week seeking removal of acting vice-chancellor of Assam University, Silchar, Tapodhir Bhattacharjee continues to cripple normal functioning of colleges in Barak Valley.College students of Hailakandi and Karimganj districts under the banner of Students' Rights Preservation Committee (SRPC) have been boycotting classes in protest against alleged anomalies in the functioning of the varsity's examination department and discrepancies in the results of the TDC semester exams in particular.Students in Hailakandi, Karimganj, Badarpur, Lala and Katlicherra also blocked various roads and sported black badges on Saturday. They locked up the colleges, disrupting normal functioning, and burnt an effigy of Bhattacharjee. The agitation programme has been continuing since last Monday.In Silchar, an SRPC functionary on Sunday said they had suspended the agitation, including the road blockade in Cachar district, following the AU authority's assurance that things would be sorted out in a meeting on May 3. The meeting was held on May 2, but the authorities failed to come up with any solution to the problems. The V-C remained absent from the meeting. Therefore, SRPC decided to start an indefinite agitation from Monday in Cachar to join their counterparts in Hailakandi and Karimganj.The agitators said the AU authorities must make sure that the results of the TDC exams should be declared within 45 days instead of three to four months as it is done now; the discrepancies in the marksheets should be corrected within seven days and they should be made available to the students; students up to the sixth semester should be allowed to appear in the exams along with back papers; and no fee should be charged from the students for appearing in back papers.\"Assam Universityhurriedly introduced the semester system at the degree level in 2010 without any preparedness. However, we gave a period of 48 hours to the varsity authorities to sort out the problems early this week. But as they failed to respond to us, we have decided to go on with an indefinite stir from Monday\", said Rahul Amin Laskar, a member of SRPC.AU sources however said academic council of the varsity will sit on Monday to examine the problems and sort out the demands of the students. In the meantime they have deferred the TDC semester exam schedule until further orders. The authorities also said a decision has already been taken to get back the mark sheets having discrepancies from the collages and all the students who received back in some of the papers will be allowed to sit for next semester.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13010385", "title": "Gour Hari is the fittest 80 year old I\u2019ve seen: Vinay Pathak", "text": "Vinay Pathak, who is playing Odisha's very own Gour Hari Das, talks about hosting the National Awards, his one-man show on a clown's rendition of King Lear and moreA lot is said about the need for transparency in the way the awardees are selected. Any suggestions on that? There are people with vision who decide on the policies and can take a call on that. I feel, there is always room for improvement in terms of making the show better. Not only should the awards be telecast live, one can also bring in new technology to ensure that the screening is of the best quality.Did you manage to interact with any of the awardees in person? Not really. I wish I could exchange words with the Dadasaheb Phalke award winner Soumitra Chatterjee. I've heard that he is playing King Lear in a stage adaptation of the Shakespeare play. I too have just opened a play that's been directed by Rajat Kapoor. It is set in contemporary times and is about a clown's rendition of King Lear. It is a one -man show titled \"Nothing Like Lear\". I wish to meet up with Soumitra Chatterjee when I am touring with the play in Kolkata.Is it right to say that you are clowning around in the play? One has to understand where the idea of a clown comes from. There's a lot more to the clown that what you see. The clown within all of us helps understand the tragedies and comedies better. Clowning is a very serious indulgence and is the quintessential necessity of a diligent approach. To clown is to know how not to laugh at first. Besides, the clown is the most liberal.How did you react when you were first approached to play such a serious role in \"Gour Hari Dastaan\"? When Ananth approached me to play this freedom fighter from Odisha, I asked him why he wanted me in the role. He said he had seen me on stage, films and television and always believed that there was so much yet-explored in me. Gour Hari Das is a brilliantly written character and will easily be any actor's dream role. Gour Hari is the fittest 80-year-old man I've met. It's a challenge for me to do this biopic about the story of a man who fought for India's independence when he was a teenager and later to prove his own contribution in free India.Do you ever find the funnyman image limiting for you? It is about perception. When \"Bheja Fry\" was made, everybody wanted to make another \"BF\". Directors wanted to shoot movies on limited budgets and in just three locations. However, I'll say that I've always wanted to bring something new to the table even when I am playing a clown. In fact, playing a clown is a big honour and responsibility. As an actor, I always try to find different ways of playing a clown to avoid being stereotyped.How much of this funnyman image do you carry in your real life? I am a mix of many things. While I can be an extrovert, I am also someone who can stay within the four walls of the house without interacting with anyone.How much of the weathered life that you've led has helped you to be the actor that you are? Acting is a human craft and is ever-evolving. If I had to play Gour Hari two years later, I would have done it differently. While people do talk about how they channelize their tragedies to be more creative, I don't like talking about having done all that. Every person has to fight his/her demons. I believe, it's only in India that we give so much of importance to talking about individual worries and how they give an edge to a creative individual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13014854", "title": "Deepika Kumari wins first World Cup gold", "text": "KOLKATA: India's main medal hope in archery at the forthcoming London Olympics, Deepika Kumari won her first World Cup individual recurve gold medal in Antalya, Turkey beating Korea's Lee Sung Jin by six set points to four in the final on Saturday.According to information reaching here, in a thrilling see-saw battle on the beautiful, windy beach of Antalya, the young Indian archer, who will turn 18 next month, held her nerve when she was locked 4-4 with her 27-year-old opponent before the final set.After Deepika shot 10-9-9, the Korean replied with a 9 and 10. She needed a 10 to win or 9 to ensure a tie-break shoot-off. But Lee, competing at her fourth World Cup event in Antalya, managed only an 8 giving Deepika her first World Cup gold. The Jharkhand archer's previous best show in World Cup was a runner-up finish in Istanbul last year.Deepika came back strongly wining the second set (29-27) after losing the first (27-30). The third set turned in favour of the Korean by one point (29-28) as she led 4-2. Deepika again raised her game to clinch the fourth set (27-26) to set up the deciding fifth set which she won 28-27.Deepika, who has already qualified for London Games along with L. Bombayla Devi and Chekrovolu Swuro, is the current junior world champion and won a gold at the Delhi Commonwealth Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016189", "title": "Teenage lovers commit suicide in Gosainganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: Teenage lovers reportedly committed suicide by hanging themselves in Gosainganj police circle on the outskirts of the state capital on Saturday. Police quoting locals said that the two were apparently in love much against the wishes of their families.Reports said the incident came to light on Saturday when bodies of Ram Saran Rawat (17) and Reeta Rawat (19) were found hanging from the ceiling of a room of a house in an under-construction colony on the outskirts of Gosainganj. The premises, police said was in the possession of Ram Saran's father Ram Prakash Rawat who often used the place to spend the night, whenever he got late while returning home from the city which he had to visit on regular basis for work. Since the last couple of weeks the premises was being used by Ram Saran.It was the family of Reeta, which launched a manhunt for her as she had gone missing since Friday night after she left her house in Qasimpur village under Gosainganj police station to relieve herself in the farm field. The family finally reached the under-construction house and found the bodies of Ram Saran and Reeta hanging from the ceiling. As both of them were barely literate and not pursuing their studies for years now, the police were not much hopeful of finding a suicide note.Police have registered a case of suicide in connection with the incident and the bodies were sent for post-mortem examination to confirm the cause of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "athens", "code": "13016948", "title": "Future tense: Angry Greeks may vote out long-reigning parties", "text": "ATHENS: Greeks head to the polls on Sunday in their most critical - and uncertain - election in decades, with voters set to punish the two main parties that are being held responsible for the country's dire economic straits.Such is the disillusionment with the socialist PASOK party and conservative New Democracy, which have been alternating in power for the last 38 years, that neither is expected to garner enough votes to form a government.Days of wrangling over forming a coalition will likely ensue, with the prospect - alarming to Greece's lenders and much of the country's population - of another round of elections if they fail.Public anger has been so high that politicians have been forced to maintain lowprofile campaigns for fear of physical attacks on the streets. Latests opinion polls the support for both parites has reached historic lows, plunging to percentages last seen in the mid-1970 s after the 1974 fall of the seven-year military dictatorship.Markets brace for fresh turmoilNot only Greece but also Europe braced on Saturday for an election that polls indicate will decimate the two main parties and fail to produce a clear winner, sparking market fears about fresh eurozone turmoil. In comments widely quoted by Greek newspapers on the eve of the Sunday's vote, German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said that if Greece's new government deviated from its commitments the country would have to \"bear the consequences\".For markets, it is Greece's vote rather than France's presidential decider, also on Sunday, that \"weighs heavier\" in investors' minds, said Valerie Plagnol, director of research at the Credit Suisse bank. Holger Schmieding, economist at Germany's Berenberg Bank, said there was a 40% risk of Greece leaving the eurozone this year, with a \"high\" chance that no stable government willing to implement more reforms can be formed. AFP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015688", "title": "Election Commission places curbs on liquor sale in 12 districts", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major move to curb distribution of liquor by political parties in the 12 bypoll-bound districts, the Election Commission (EC) on Saturday directed the excise department to desist from supplying excess quota of liquor to these districts during the months of May and June.\"Liquor sale figures in these districts from May and June of last year will be taken as base and the excise department would be allowed to supply no more than the same quantity this year in May and June,\" said chief electoral officer for AP, Bhanwarlal. The restriction comes into immediate effect as EC has already asked the state government to issue orders spelling out the same. It has also asked local officials to submit a report on the sale of liquor in the 12 districts in question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016798", "title": "Crown of Royal City", "text": "Way back in 1828, Mysore maharaja Mummadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar extended Sri Chamundeshwari Temple atop Chamundi Hills and added the gopura that silhouettes on the hill's crest, giving Mysore its identity. The religious services of the maharaja are still commemorated by offering pooja to a statue of the maharaja at the temple.The city with a hoary past dates back to 10th century as per the archeological records. The city was known as 'Mahishmati' and 'Mahishur' and 'Mahishapura' in earlier times, linking it to the religious site. The records found in and around the city -- the inscriptions at Belavatta, Varuna, Kukkarahalli, Chamundi Hills and Devalapura -- suggest that the city's antiquity dates back to 10th century. An inscription found at Nanjangud states that the temple town was part of the villages included in the Mysore-Nadu. The 10th-century Tanjore plates state that Varakodu was located in 'Mysore-Nadu Seventy', denoting that 70 villages were part of what were together called as 'Mysore-Nadu'.According to Mysore Gazetteer, Mysore district was designated as 'Mudigonda-Chola-Mandala' during the Chola rule in the 11th century. An inscription (dated 1499) records a grant for Lakshmi Ramanasvami Temple in Mysore. Besides historical evidences, there are mythological references to the city. It was the place that Pandava prince Sahadeva's took an expedition to when it was called as 'Mahishmati'. It is believed that the place got its name after Mahishasura, the buffalo-headed demon, who was killed by Goddess Chamundi.The religious site was called as Mabbalathirtha before it came to be known as the Chamundi Hills. The Mahabaleshwara Temple atop the Chamundi Hills is the oldest surviving place of worship. Besides the Mahabaleshwara Temple, Sri Chamundeshwari Temple maps the city's antiquity. The shrine of Chamundeshwari dates back to 11th century, and the striking gopura was built by Mummadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar. The Dravidian-style gopura was built in 1828, according to the Mysore Gazetteer.Folklore has it that the \"Goddess Chamundeshwari guided the maharaja\" to extend and build the temple. He constructed the goupra in 1828. A protected monument declared by the department of archaeology was later extended, adding new facilities to serve devotees. The district administration is now restoring its old look in its interiors by removing the walls that were built some seven decades ago.\"Every day, the maharaja's statue is offered pooja after the aarti in the evening,\" says temple priest Shashishekar Dixit. The statue, located yards away from the deity, has pictured the maharaja with three of his wives. \"We worship the statue. It is he who launched works to develop the temple as he was guided by the goddess,\" Dixit explained.The maharajas have contributed to the extension of the temple, but it was Mummudi Krishnaraja Wadiyar who built the gopura, he said, adding that the maharajas have donated jewels. The maharaja also restored Srikanteshwara Temple in Nanjangud. There are records to suggest that he also restored Sri Mahabaleshwara Temple atop the hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13016991", "title": "2 Raichur Thermal Power Station units trip again", "text": "HUBLI: Two units of Raichur Thermal Power Station (RTPS) stopped operations on Saturday due to technical problems in boilers.After showing a sign of recovery, problem at the station again intensified on Saturday with two generating units with a capacity of 210MW tripping.According to technical director, RTPS, units 3 and 4 have stopped functioning and officials are working to rectify the problem. The unit are expected to begin work from Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13017264", "title": "Administration gears up for local body polls", "text": "KANPUR: The district administration is gearing up for conducting the local body elections. It was in this regard that district magistrate M P Agarwal held a press conference at the district collectorate on Thursday and told newspersons that all those who have attained 18 years of age and there names are still not there in the voters list, can get the same updated.He said that all the zonal offices of Kanpur Nagar Nigam would remain open on Sunday for the purpose. People can reach these zonal offices and can get their names added or get the names removed of all those who are no more.He also said that the forms for updating names in the voters list will be available in these KNN zonal offices and people approaching therein would be provided with the same on demand. The DM had recently instructed the additional city magistrates and zonal officers to get the voters list updated for the local body elections. He had asked the officials should get this work done seriously.He also instructed the ACMs and Zonal Officers to inspect the election booths and to decide which one of these are sensitive.The elections for local bodies are expected to be held in the month of June, preparations for which have commenced. The district administration's priority would be to conduct smooth elections for which it has started calling meetings and making strategies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13017270", "title": "Police team from Manipur in city", "text": "BANGALORE: A special team headed by a superintendent of police from Manipur is here to investigate the mysterious death of Richard Loitam , 19 , a student from Imphal . The team visited the forensic team at Victoria Hospital on Friday .They inspected room No. 225 of 'A' Block of men's hostel at the Acharya Institute of Technology on Hessaraghatta-Chikkabanavara road and sought a detailed report from the Victoria Hospital forensic department . They also recorded the eyewitness' accounts of the incidents that preceded Loitam's death at the college and hostel.\"We are awaiting the postmortem report which will give some clues on the cause of death . Once the report is handed over , we will study it and accordingly take further action ,\" a police officer told STOI . He said police need conclusive evidence to arrest the suspects .\"If the report demands , we will proceed with the arrests of those involved . We should find the exact reason for his death . It may be because of haemorrhage (blood clot due to internalbrain injury )triggeredby the accident he met with on April 15, two days beforehewasfounddeadin his room ,\" the officer said . The previous night , two hostel mates - Vishal Bannerji and Syed Afzal Ali - had allegedly punched Richardon his face following a tiff over watching an IPL match .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014949", "title": "Tougher measures in works against Customs offences", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ongoing debate over the government's decision to make Customs offences non-bailable after the Supreme Court spelt out the law in favour of bail has seen official agencies renew their bid to press for tougher provisions.Agencies are arguing that unscrupulous traders may be taking advantage of the legal void created by the controversy with the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) last month arresting a trader who was trying to smuggle memory cards worth crores from Hong Kong . The trader was arrested and granted bail and within a week, the agency has stumbled upon another attempt of memory card smuggling by the same offender. His consignment has now been confiscated.According to sources in the agency, sometime mid-April DRI sleuths received information that a Mumbai trader had brought in a consignment of memory cards on the pretext of importing calculators.Based on the information on April 18, DRI officials searched the Air Cargo Complex at Andheri in Mumbai and found close to 40 cartons marked as calculators that had come from Hong Kong. Upon examination, the cartons were found to be containing eight lakh memory cards valued at over Rs 15 crore.The memory cards were made in China, but were bought from a Hong Kong-based exporter. Following this the DRI apprehended the Indian trader and produced him in the metropolitan magistrate's court which granted him bail on a surety of Rs 2 lakh.However, within a week of his release from custody, the DRI received information that another such consignment was on its way to Mumbai. A similar search was conducted and this time the agency found two lakh more of memory cards similarly concealed and imported by the same trader. The consignment has been confiscated.A DRI official said, \"We have questioned him again over this and further investigations are on.\"In an order issued last October, the Supreme Court had held that since all offences under the Excise Act and the Customs Act were non-cognizable, they are also bailable (i.e. if the accused is ready to pay the bail amount, he would be released immediately).To counter this, the government has come up with a proposed amendment to the Customs Act that makes all offences punishable with a jail term of over three years under the Act as cognizable and thus non-bailable. The amendment is being debated both in political and legal circles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014688", "title": "IIT-JEE answer sheets now available online till May 10", "text": "NAGPUR: Students who appeared for the prestigious IIT-JEE in 2012 can now see their answer sheets online till May 10. The evaluated optical response sheet for every candidate was posted online on Saturday afternoon giving them a glimpse of their scores even before the official results are out.The IIT-JEE results will be declared on May 18, along with the all-important cut-off marks. With students being able to view their own evaluated answer sheets it also gives them an opportunity to detect discrepancies, if any.Candidates can file a complaint online and if found genuine, necessary corrections will be made. It is important to note that this window of opportunity for all candidates will close on May 10, so as to give ample time to the authorities to prepare for the result declaration.Rajat Thakral, an IIT-JEE candidate, said, \"This is a good practice followed by the IIT-JEE board as it helps us get our papers re-evaluated if there is a problem. Though the answer keys were released on Thursday, it cannot compare to seeing your own answer sheet online.\"Nisha Kothari, who owns a well-known IIT coaching centre in the city, feels letting students know their scores beforehand is an excellent idea. \"Too much of anxiety and waiting for results can lead to increase in mental pressure in students. From this year the IITs also introduced a carbon copy system during the exams wherein the students got to take home a copy of their answer sheets along with the question paper,\" said Kothari.The uploading of optical answer sheets of all candidates will help in detecting machine evaluation errors. Usually such errors are almost unheard of, but the IIT-JEE board wants to make sure that the scores are evaluated without any discrepancies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13016430", "title": "Motor Vehicles Department to initiate legal action against Navy", "text": "KOCHI: The Motor Vehicles Department (MVD) is set to initiate legal action against the Navy bus that was booked by the enforcement squad for illegally carrying members attending a wedding ceremony. According to MVD officials though they had imposed a fine of Rs 43,000, the Navy had not remitted the amount.\"We had handed over the report to the Navy officials concerned who were in the bus and asked them to remit the fine at the earliest but they have not yet remitted the amount,\" said a motor vehicles inspector.Ernakulam regional transport officer T J Thomas said that so far they have not initiated any stringent action to recover the fine amount as Navy was a part of the defence services. \"We will wait for a couple of days and if there is no response from them, further steps will be initiated,\" Thomas said.MVD officials said that if there was no response from the Southern Naval Command, they would send a legal notice. \"This is a pre-requisite for confiscating the vehicle,'' the official said.When contacted, Navy sources confirmed that they had not remitted the amount. \"We have started an inquiry into the incident. Matters like whether we have to pay the fine or not will be decided only after completion of the inquiry,\" sources said.The MVD had booked the Navy bus that was illegally carrying a marriage team in Aluva a couple of weeks ago during a routine check. The 50-seater bus with civilian passengers on board was used as a contract carriage without paying the stipulated tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014632", "title": "Air India pilots on strike, hold up flights by up to 24 hours", "text": "NEW DELHI: Air India's international flights were delayed by 16 to 24 hours on Saturday as pilots went on a sudden strike to protest against the management's decision to send domestic sector pilots for training on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner.While no official strike was called, seven pilots initially reported sick on Friday and a few more followed suit on Saturday. \"Pilots report for duty three hours before the scheduled departure of a flight. Pilots started reporting sick from Friday night. Three were to fly the AI-101 to New York, scheduled to depart at 1.45am, two were to man AI-187 to Toronto, to depart at 2.15am, and two others were to operate AI-127 to Chicago at 2am. We managed extra pilots for the Chicago flight, which was delayed by just about 15 minutes. However, no pilots could be arranged for the other two flights which had to be delayed. The passengers were sent to hotels ,\" an Air India official said.The AI-101 to New York was initially held up by 24 hours before it was cancelled and combined with Sunday's flight. \"Thankfully, the passenger load on Sunday was not much and we could manage the switch,\" the official added. The AI-187 to Toronto was delayed by 16 hours, while the AI-380 to Singapore , slated for Sunday morning, and its return flight have been cancelled.Sources said pilots for the Chicago flight were the first to call in sick, followed by those bound for New York and Toronto. Till this point, the management was clueless about the trouble brewing. Once it became apparent that this was part of a bigger agitation, the management went into a tizzy, first ensuring that the Chicago flight left and then sending the remaining passengers to hotels.However, passengers were stuck in Delhi with no information on the delay. Chaitanya, a resident of Boston whose mother and infant son were on AI-101, said the airline initially told flyers that the delay was due to a technical snag. It was only later that it admitted that there were no pilots on standby. \"Passengers were kept at the airport till 3am and then given accommodation. There was no information forthcoming from the airline on when the flight was scheduled to depart and arrangements at the hotel were substandard. How can pilots go on strike without any prior information?\" he fumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016930", "title": "Hear the White Tiger growl", "text": "News media often report as to how in the midst of a growing economy, hundreds of thousands of children in India remain malnourished. Images of emaciated children in slums are heart wrenching, more so when juxtaposed to high-tower gated communities in Gurgaon and other cities.When you see a child standing on a garbage dump looking for something retrievable, competing with dogs, cranes and vultures, you wonder where the storied economic growth has been going. With food and oil prices going up, the government sounds ingenuous when it trumpets gross domestic product without making sure that the benefits of economic growth are distributed equitably.Even if one accepts the Planning Commission's recently released poverty metrics that 29.8% of India's 1.21 billion people live below the poverty line, it still means about 360 million people presently live in poverty, a shockingly high number that includes-let's not forget- millions of children of rural farm workers, city casual workers, adivasis, dalits and Muslims. Neither welfare programs, nor a quotas system will be totally effective for poverty reduction on a sustainable basis even when 8-9 % economic growth is regained. How many five-year plans will it take to lift these invisible people above the officially declared poverty survival level? The government alone cannot fight poverty-partly because it is incompetent; but more so because it lacks sympathetic imagination.Corporate India has been growing at a phenomenal rate since the liberalization of economy and must contribute its might toward poverty reduction . With economic power comes wider social responsibility and corporate India cannot keep itself aloof from the travails of the common people.Corporate giants cannot afford to be content feeding only their shareholders' bellies, especially when most global corporations in the US and Europe have accepted that their social responsibility goes beyond profitmaking. Today hardly anyone pays heed to what Chicago economist Milton Friedman erroneously argued in 1970: \"The social responsibility of business is to its profits.\" Democratic marketplace capitalism is the last best hope of India but it cannot survive on greed.A few years ago, H Lee Scott Jr, former chief executive of Wal-Mart Stores , said, \"People's expectations of us-and of corporations in general changed.... It is clear that today people look at Wal-Mart as a solution. And we want to be seen that way. We want to act that way.\" With more than $421 billion revenue in 2011 and two million employees worldwide, Wal-Mart has earned notoriety for buying cheap wherever it can; nonetheless, it boasts of always selling at low prices. A few years ago, the retailer was perceived as one of the worst global exploiters . But today with its avowed mission of protecting the environment and an affordable $4 prescription drug plan, its image has improved along with its profits.That's how corporate India should be adjudged-albeit making global mergers-and-acquisitions of mega steel mills or bringing Jaguar/Land Rover to India and thus fulfilling the fantasy of the elite about India becoming a superpower is not a bad idea at all. Corporate India will flourish more by sharing the burden of poverty. Sustainable growth, affordable healthcare and poverty reduction are the chief concerns of India, which corporate leadership too must accept. There is fortune to be made at the base of the pyramid, the late management guru CK Prahalad used to say. I see million-fold brainpower awaiting development.Corporate social responsibility is a form of business-to-people savoir-faire , social adeptness to win the hearts and minds of the people. Some corporations use their social responsibility activities as a means of building social capital, which comes handy when they are hit with crises.According to an Oxford Said School of Business report, corporate social responsibility\"penetration in India is relatively high with over 80 percent corporations administering some kind of corporate social responsibility program.\" But unfortunately these scattershot goodwill philanthropic efforts have no visible impact on the invisible people.Corporate India must develop new business models that enable companies to join hands with local communities and civil society in creating opportunities for inclusive, sustainable growth- growth that generates jobs and enriches human capital.Civil society can spawn transformative changes by focusing on the poverty-reduction activities of Indian companies. Constant information flows and the software to manage them have increased the ability of civil society to uncover corruption and inequities in decision-making by governments as well as corporations, and identify left-behind disadvantaged groups. Smart use of IT by civil society could impact corporate governance and the politics of economic inclusion.As political and economic power devolves, India's everyman with his video cellphone will watch corporate India hungrily for social justice. Somewhere, there prowls Arvind Adiga's ferocious beast , The White Tiger. Does corporate India hear the growl? I do.The writer teaches communication and corporate diplomacy at Norwich University, US", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017316", "title": "Gangster held with 2 revolvers", "text": "PUNE: The city crime branch arrested alleged gangster Eknath Arjun Mohite (47) and seized two revolvers and seven cartridges from him at Dange chowk in Wakad on Friday night.A police team led by inspector Satish Govekar and his staff made the arrest, following a tip-offDeputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode on Saturday told a news conference that Mohite was sentenced to life imprisonment for dacoity and kidnapping in a Lonavla case in 2001. He was also sentenced to five years' rigorous imprisonment under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) in a Satara case. He was undergoing his term in Yerawada central jail and jumped parole in 2007. He was later absconding.Mohite is involved in 19 cases, including murder, attempted murder, dacoity and extortion in Pune, Pune rural, Raigad, Satara and Ahmednagar, which took place between 1993 and 2007. The Hinjewadi police have registered a complaint against Mohite for possessing firearms under relevant sections of the Arms Act and Mumbai Police Act. Mohite has been sent to police custody till May 10. A police team led by inspector Satish Govekar and his staff made the arrest, following a tip-offAssistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav said the police have arrested 121 absconding and wanted suspects in 2011-12. As per the city police records, 837 suspects from the city have been absconding since 20 years, he added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13015636", "title": "Two women held for pick-pocketing", "text": "NASHIK: The crime branch of the city police commissionerate has nabbed two women, for cases of pick-pocketing in city buses. The police have also recovered gold worth Rs 1.5 lakh from them.Acting on the directive of commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal to get to the roots of the incidents of house break-ins, thefts and pick-pocketing, the crime branch sleuths got a tip-off on the involvement of two women in pick-pocketing cases in city buses.Subsequently, a trap was laid and the two, Asha Chitnis (60), resident of Jail Road Water Tank, near Marathi School and Kanta Rakhpasre (35), resident of Avdhoot wadi, Panchavati, were arrested by the crime branch. During interrogation, the women revealed that they had stolen jewellery and purses of women who were boarding buses from crowded areas like Shalimar and Nashik Road.The women have confessed to two crimes as of now, however, cops feel that they may be involved in a few more crimes. The police also recovered 50gms of gold, worth Rs 1.5 lakh from them.Over the past few months, many incidents of thefts were reported from bus stands and also from city buses. On April 26, when Sunita Dattatray Devre, resident of Gangapur Road, was boarding a bus at the Central Bus Stand, her mobile phone and a gold chain worth Rs 1 lakh were stolen from her bag. On April 16, 25-year-old Sunita Tambe of Sangameshwar, Malegaon, who was travelling by a city bus, said that three women boarded a bus at Dwarka and diverted her attention, only to swiftly steal a gold chain worth Rs 18,000 from her bag. On the same day, a gold chain worth Rs 35,000 and Rs 1,000 were stolen from the hand bag of 28-year-old Pranjali Ajmesh of Aurangabad, who was travelling in a bus between Dindori Naka and Vajreshwari Nagar.On March 31, Rs 60,000 were stolen from a 64-year-old Amiruddin Shaikh, while travelling on a city bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13017279", "title": "Rolling Stones: Bangalore's eternal favourite", "text": "Fifty years after it was formed, the rolling stones is still rocking it. bangalore musicians talk about what accounts for the iconic band's endurance and continued relevance even todayWhen Microsoft launched Windows 95 17 years ago, the song they used for their campaign was one by a group that had been around for more than three decades. The song was Start Me Up and the band, of course, was The Rolling Stones. Fifty years is a long time. And the Stones have accumulated a storied history since the time that Brian Jones looked at a Muddy Waters LP lying on the floor of the room for inspiration when asked by a Jazz News reporter what the name of the band was: a history that includes incredible amounts of substances consumed, romantic entanglements and even death.\"The good boys\" , says singer and guitarist Bruce Lee Mani of Thermal And A Quarter, \"back then were the Beatles. The Rolling Stones emerged as the Bad Boys - all naughty and bawdy. They brought a raw, edgy sound to rock. They were great at theatrics. The Rolling Stones is also a testament to longevity. They're almost a corporation.\"\"Jagger\" , says Mani, \"is as good a businessman as a musician. He knew how to sell music while playing it pure. It's not easy playing the music industry while playing music itself . But Mick did it, didn't he?\"Guitarist and vocalist Sunny Nambiar, a huge Rolling Stones fan who often performs their numbers, was at Palace Grounds in April 2003 to watch a live Mick Jagger performance when the band toured India. \"They are dynamite , even in their 60s. What wouldn't I give to be able to perform like that at their age!\" says Nambiar, who is also a huge fan of Shine A Light, Martin Scorsese's 2008 career-spanning documentary about the band. \"Scorcese captures their energy like no one else,\" he says. Nambiar has performed Rolling Stones numbers at Opus, Counter Culture and at his own studio. His favourite Stones number is Sympathy For the Devil.What does he find distinctive about the Stones? \"The grey area,\" says Sunny. \"The way they traverse between lead and rhythm guitar is the defining trait of the Stones. Jagger's electricity is a different matter altogether. To me, the Stones are bigger, better than even the Beatles . It's a tough call, but it's the music they play and the way they play it. Having said that, there's a bit of Beatles in the Stones and then there are shades of Bob Dylan and Jethro Tull .\"Peter Isaac, long-time blues musician, is astonished by the band's tenure. \"I can't recollect a band with such longevity. They've played with greats like BB King. You know how beautiful and simple the music would be,\" says Isaac, who believes he always gets an extra round of applause when he performs Rolling Stones numbers live. \"Most people sing along. In Bangalore folks know stuff like Brown Sugar, Jumpin Jack Flash, Satisfaction, Mother's Little Helper and of course the masterful As Tears Go By. These are classics,\" he adds.Radha Thomas, acclaimed blues singer, recalls the band's April 2003 concert. \"It's something I'll never forget. In pouring rain we were up there, right in front, screaming our guts out for Jagger. We gave it our all for Jumpin' Jack Flash. People who love the blues and rock even today hum Stones numbers at concerts in the city,\" she says.Jagger EdgeAn unnamed biographer writes on the Rolling Stones official website RS.com: \"What's Mick Jagger really like? Who knows? He's been a high-profile musician and entertainer for years - it's quite literally impossible to separate the man from the myth. Unless you're Mick Jagger, of course. He probably knows the truth. And probably Keith Richards, Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood have a little more insight than most. But for the rest of us, we just have to guess. And we do. You can see why it's happened. Mick Jagger has combined global superstardom, relationships with some of the world's most beautiful women; a fantastic family life, including a contented 20-year marriage and seven children; with creative genius and fundamental musical integrity and billion dollar business success. And he's kept himself in great shape too.\" Co-song writer Keith Richards on Jagger: Mick's got an ego. I insult the man. But he has the hide of a rhino, and he's just determined to be who he is. I just try and deal with it.\"Like A Rolling StoneThe Rolling Stones have been active from April 1962 to the present The band comprises of Mick Jagger (vocals), Keith Richards (guitarist), Charlie Watts (drummer), Ronnie Wood (second guitarist). Prominent founder member Brian Jones quit the band in 1969. He died soon after. They play rock, blues, blues rock, rhythm and blues and rock and roll", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13014964", "title": "Ghanaian national held with cocaine", "text": "PANAJI: A Ghanaian national was arrested at Saligao with cocaine worth Rs 21 lakh on Friday night, informed the anti narcotics cell ( ANC) of the Goa police.ANC's SP Vaman Tari said that the 45-year-old Ghanian national, Abed Manteaw, was caught red-handed with 210g of cocaine on Friday near a cemetery at Saligao, between 6pm and 8pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13014928", "title": "Malegaon blast accused wants to meet son outside jail or court", "text": "MUMBAI: Two accused who are in custody for their alleged roles in the 2008 Malegaon blast case have filed separate applications in the special MCOCA court.While key accused Lt Colonel Prasad Purohit sought the return of some valuables, co-accused Sudhakar Dwivedi alias Dayanand Dwivedi prayed for permission to meet his 12-year-old son outside jail or court premises.Purohit said when he was arrested, his wallet, containing bank cards and documents, a watch and a gold chain were seized by the ATS. The prosecution told the court that the the NIA was now probing the case and the ATS was no longer involved. The court directed Purohit to file a fresh application.Dwivedi's advocate R U Jha said, \"Since he was arrested, he has not met his son who studies in a Kanpur hostel. The boy is not aware that his father is in jail for a blast case and has not met him for the last four years. Dwivedi wants to meet his son either in Kanpur or at his friend's flat in Versova.\"Special MCOCA judge Y D Shinde ordered Taloja jail authorities to file a reply by June 16. The court also sought a reply in Dwivedi's earlier plea in which he sought a transistor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13017258", "title": "Estate agent waylaid, robbed of gold chain", "text": "BANGALORE: A six-member gang on two motorcycles waylaid and robbed a real estate agent of his gold chain worth Rs 2.25 lakh near Alfa College on Chikka Gubbi Main Road near Kothanur on Friday night.In his complaint, victim N Kumar of Chikka Gubbi stated that at 7.30pm he was returning home after visiting his relatives in Jayanagar. Near Alfa College Kumar spotted a motorcycle right in the middle of the road and three men surrounding it. An argument ensued when Kumar asked the trio to give way. Initially, the assailants said they were trying to repair their bike which had broken down. In the meantime, three other men on another motorcycle arrived at the scene. One among them assaulted Kumar and injured his face with a blunt weapon. They snatched the gold chain before fleeing on the two motorcycles.Police claim they have identified the culprits from a few clues that the victim gave. \"We suspect the gang had pre-planned the robbery and had been waiting to waylay the victim . Kumar was with his wife Deepika , sister-in-law Suma and another relative Babu in the car when the incident occurred. We will catch the culprits soon,\" an investigating officer told STOI.Teen dies in bike mishapA 19-year-old youth from Nagashettyhalli died and the pillion rider sustained injuries when the former's motorcycle skid on Ashwathnagar Road and rammed a roadside tree late on Friday night. Victim, S Srinivas, a flex board making firm employee, was riding his motorcycle with his friend Balaji when the accident occurred around 11.30pm. \" We suspect Srinivas was not wearing a helmet and that it was a self accident. Otherwise he would have survived with injuries. According to the postmortem report the teenager had sustained severe head injuries,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016259", "title": "'Drugs present to manage renal cancer cases'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The urology department of CSMMU organised a continuing medical education (CME) on 'Advanced and metastatic renal tumor' on Saturday. Dr Anil Mandhani, additional professor, urology department, SGPGI, spoke on role of surgery in advanced and metastatic renal cancer. Dr Col HP Singh, senior advisor, department of medicine, oncology, Command Hospital, shared views.Head, urology department, CSMMU, and chief medical superintendent Prof SN Sankhwar said, \"Renal cancer is a common problem encountered in urological practice.'' Organising secretary of the CME, Prof Apul Goel, said the introduction of latest and improved medicines like sunitinib, management of even advanced renal tumor is possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016149", "title": "UP assembly's advisory panel constituted", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Assembly's Advisory Committee, which decides the agenda of the House, has been constituted under the chairmanship of Speaker Mata Prasad Pandey, said an official release.Members of the committee include ministers Mohammad Azam Khan, Shiv Kumar Beria, Shivpal Yadav, Ambika Chaudhary besides Shivendra Singh and Sahadab Fatima. Leader of opposition Swami Prasad Maurya, Ramvir Upadhyay, Gaya Charan Dinkar, BJP leaders Hukum Singh, Radey Mohan Agarwal, Congress leader Pramod Tiwari and principal secretary Vidhan Sabha Pradeep Dubey are also part of the 13-member committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13015001", "title": "Cop booked for circulating obscene MMS clip", "text": "MARGAO: The Colva police on Saturday registered an offence against IRB constable Abdul Chandsab on charges of circulating an obscene MMS clip, after the Panaji police transferred the case to the Colva police station. A lady constable had complained to the Panaji police, as the clip shows the accused and her in a compromising position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13016619", "title": "Separate entry, exit points at University of Pune", "text": "PUNE: The administration of University of Pune on Saturday further tightened the security and vigil at its campus by designating separate entry and exit points for vehicles and setting up a check post at the entrance.The administration also plans to procure search lights for night-hour patrolling on the campus and resume operation of CCTV cameras installed at the entrances.On-duty security personnel at the check post said the revised system was being implemented since Saturday morning. According to the new rules, vehicles will have to follow one-way route to enter and exit the campus. This means, after entering from the main gate, vehicles will have to take the road to the left side to go further into the campus, and while leaving take the road on the right and come back to the main gate.\"Vehicle users will have to produce identity cards at the check post. If a person does not possess any ID card, he/she will have to make an entry at the post. Such system would help to keep track of every vehicle and thereby restrict entry of unknown persons\", said another security staff member.Acting vice-chancellor Sanjay Chahande said various measures were being planned to make the campus more safe and secure for students and staff. \"There is a plan to step up security at night hours, procure search lights for patrolling and resume the CCTV cameras at the gates. Meetings were conducted in the last two days to discuss issues pertaining to security on campus. A concrete plan will be worked out and steps will be taken to implement it\", he said.Ramesh Thakar, an autorickshaw driver who often visited the campus to ferry passengers, welcomed the initiative. The security and check posts will restrict the entry of unidentified people, he said, adding, \"The administration should restrict parking of vehicles to the side of the road within the campus, and also restrict entry of people at spots with dense tree cover\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13016874", "title": "Builder booked for operating without licence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On finding a builder company selling plots illegally without obtaining license from the town and country department, the district town planner (enforcement), Gurgaon has lodged an FIR against the company. FIR number 88 has been registered in Kherki Daula police station of Gurgaon district.According to DTP (E) Anil Dabas, Refcon Pvt Ltd had offered plots in Sector 78 and 79, Gurgaon under its project named Cambrian Island. This is a pre-launch exercise for the project and the company was luring investors through advertisements on internet though it was still to get any license, required for selling of plots, making the entire project illegal, Dabas said.Dabas appealed the prospective buyers to verify the legal status of the construction company from local office of DTP before booking a plot or flat so that buyers are not duped of their hard earned money. \"No one can book or sell plots without obtaining a valid license from the town and country department, Haryana. If anyone does so, it is illegal. Taking license is a mandatory condition before the launch or pre-launch publicity of the project,\" Dabas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016540", "title": "Protect child rights for better future: Justice Kabir", "text": "Ravi DayalPATNA: Supreme Court judge Justice Altamas Kabir, on Saturday, stressed the need to protect the rights of children and prepare them to shoulder the responsibility of the society in future.Justice Kabir said children are 40% of the country's population. They would shoulder the national responsibilities in different spheres of life. So, their all round development with proper education is necessary. For this, the role of judiciary, civil society and media is important, he said.Inaugurating a two-day national seminar on 'Child Rights and the Law', Justice Kabir said a child in conflict with the law should be groomed as a responsible citizen in spite of the heinous crime he had committed. For this, the provisions of Juvenile Justice Act, 2000, have to be implemented methodically, he said, adding that protection and rehabilitation of child labour is necessary. He said the Supreme Court has ruled for giving compensation to the parents of the children rescued as child labourers, for their rehabilitation.The national seminar is being jointly organized by the Chanakya National Law University (CNLU) and UNICEF which has documented the status and the ways of implementing child rights related legislations in Bihar.Justice Kabir said the National Legal Services Authority (NLSA) has taken up the issue of child widows living at Vrindavan, Mathura, Varanasi and other places.Presiding over the inaugural session, Patna high court Chief Justice Rekha M Doshit said even birds and animals take care of their progenies till they are fully grown up, but humans falter because they are busy for money. For this reason, the laws had to be enacted to protect children and let them grow as responsible citizens, she said.She stressed on taking care of the children's emotional needs which they miss sometimes either due to strained relation between parents or nuclear families, depriving them of the soothing affection of their grandparents. \"Allow children to choose and pursue their career,\" she said, adding that the NGOs and voluntary organizations have to work for taking care of the children's emotional intelligence.Bihar education minister P K Sahi stressed on formulating strategies for implementing child rights laws and ensuring every child's right to education.The CNLU vice-chancellor, Prof A Lakshminath, emphasized the importance of understanding child's rights and the Indian laws to protect a child.UNICEF state chief, Y Mazumdar, stressed on responding to the children's needs and evolving a robust mechanism for implementation of child rights laws and the Juvenile Justice Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13016695", "title": "Traders protest shifting of vendors to Atish Market", "text": "JAIPUR: Traders in Atish Market closed their shops and blocked a road in Tripolia Market on Saturday, protesting against shifting of vegetable and fruit vendors. The Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) is planning to shift vegetable and fruit vendors who run their business between Surajpole Bazaar and Chandpole Bazaar to Atish Market.Some JMC officers had come to Atish Market to take measurements about the space proposed to be allotted for vegetable and fruit vendors. When the traders saw this, they came to the JMC officers and enquired.As the JMC officers told them that a market for vegetable and fruit vendors is being proposed, the traders closed their shop and gathered at Tripolia Market leading to a traffic jam on the road.\"Atish Market is already congested. If vegetable and fruit vendors are shifted here, it will lead to chaos,\" said a trader.They demanded that JMC CEO be called to the spot. However, JMC officers tried to placate the traders by saying that the proposal has not been finalized and their opinion will be taken into consideration before any final decision in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13016213", "title": "How they turned UPSC dream into reality", "text": "COIMBATORE: Mahendra Varman was at his sugarcane farm in Kavundampadi village in Erode when news came that he was ranked 623 in the UPSC exam, the result of which was announced on Friday. The congratulatory calls and wishes haven't stopped since.\"Being in a farm teaches you how to deal with people and difficult situations,\" saidVarman, who has represented his district in cricket. A law graduate from the Dr Ambedkar Law College in Coimbatore, Varman cleared the civil services exam in his fifth attempt. He had appeared for the interview thrice before.Varman began preparing for the examination soon after his graduation. \"After my class X, I developed more interest in cricket than studies. I was the college cricket team captain for two years and even the Erode district team,\" he said. Gradually, his focus shifted from cricket and he decided to take up the civil services examination seriously.However, it was not an easy task. Throughout his schooling, he studied in the Tamil medium which made it difficult for him to study books that were in English.\"In the initial attempts my lack of frequency made me shy,\" he said. But perseverance has made him learn to speak fluently. Varman had chosen Geography and Tamil Literature as his optional subjects when he first sat for the exam, but this time he opted for Sociology. \"I realised that I had more interest in humanities while Geography is a subject with more scientific aspects,\" he added.He credits his success to his family and the hard work he put int. \"My father M Raju and my family supported me all through my struggle,\" he said.Rohini Priyadarshini, a native of Karamadai in the outskirts of the city, has been ranked 243. An engineering graduate from the Bannariyamman Institute of Technology, she had found a job with a private firm, but opted for the civil service and cleared the examination in her third attempt. \"I went to the interview round last time but was not selected,\" she said.Sudhakaran C, who was ranked 728, decided to take up civil services as a career after he started working in a private firm. A graduate from Mahalingam College of Engineering at Pollachi, he wanted to enter a career where he could create a change. \"I realised that politics and civil services are the careers to make a change. I opted for the civil services,\" he smiles.Many of them said Coimbatore offers good facilities for UPSC exam training. P Kanagaraj, the chief mentor of the Higher Studies Centre said 10 students from the academy had attended the interview for the civil services this year. He added that the institute runs with the support of the Coimbatore corporation and does not charge money from the aspirants.\"Our students had worked systematically and we had expected better results,\" he said. Most of the candidates said that they had expected better results. Varman said that he would try till he could get IAS or IPS. Sudhakaran too said that he would try again. \"Man cannot be easily satisfied,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13024387", "title": "Sufi songs mesmerise audience in Sangam city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The garden of Allahabad Museum reverberated with the magic of sufi songs on Sunday night. Famous singer Ragini Renu sang many songs. Folk dances were also staged. The cultural programme titled 'Spandan' was jointly organized by Allahabad Museum and North Central Zone Cultural Centre (NCZCC).The audience was spellbound as Renu started the programme with 'Allah Hu, Allah Hu, Allah Hu' written by famous sufi saint Bulle Shah. Amir Khusrau's 'Chap tilak sab chini re tose naina lagake' was highly appreciated. 'Dum duma dum mast kalandar' also drew applause.The programme started with flute recital by Parth Shankar. Baddu Khan hailing from Barmer presented a Rajasthani folk song. Swagat geet 'Kesaria balam aao ji padharo maro desh' was highly applauded. The Rajasthani singer also presented songs which are sung while decorating camels.Mala Moorti hailing from Ara rendered 'birha' songs. Sudhir Tiwari and his group presented a folk dance of Bundelkhand. NCZCC director Anand Vardhan Shukla and director of Allahabad Museum Rajesh Purohit were among those present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016546", "title": "'Patna has lost its charm'", "text": "PATNA: Even as the face of the historic city and Bihar capital Patna has changed considerably during the last three to four decades with the mushrooming of highrises, shopping malls and multiplexes and four wheelers, its socio-cultural milieu remains unchanged even today. The city has only become more congested and overcrowded.To a first-time visitor, the city would offer several new amusement centres, including a revolving restaurant atop high-rise Biscomaun Bhawan, a floating restaurant on the Ganga, a sprawling Buddha park near railway station, and new eateries with intercontinental food. But a person, who is visiting the city after a gap of three decades, would find many things missing from the scene.The Fraser Road, which was earlier supposed to be the Fleet Street of London, owing to the location of the offices of all the main newspapers and news agencies, has lost its sheen and grandeur now. Most of these newspaper offices have either closed or shifted to some other places. The Bankipur Central Jail, which once provided shelters to several national leaders, including Rajendra Prasad, Brajkishore Prasad, Srikrishna Sinha, Mazharul Haq, Anugrah Narain Sinha, J B Kripalani and other bigwigs during the freedom struggle, is no more on Fraser Road and it has given way to the Buddha Smriti Park. The Pintu Hotel, located just opposite the jail, used to serve as an \"adda\" for the intellectuals and politicians during evening hours, but it does not exist now.The sprawling bungalow of Patna University (PU) vice-chancellor located on this road near Gandhi Maidan has given way to a five-star hotel. Lucknow Sweet House has also vanished from the scene. The office of the Royal Nepal Airlines, which was also shown in popular Devanand starrer movie 'Johny Mera Naam', is to be found nowhere now. The Bharat Coffee House and the Princess Hotel also cease to exist now. The place where Shrikrishna Science Centre stands now used to be the abode of wild animals. Morning walkers frequently saw porcupines with sharp and long quills.Ashok Raj Path, where most of the institutions of higher education , besides Patna Medical College Hospital are located, has not changed much. All the colleges and postgraduate departments of PU stand at their original sites with practically little change whatsoever. Only the number of book stalls on the opposite side of this road has swelled considerably in recent years.Retired professor of chemistry and former journalist Mahesh Chandra, who has been staying in the city for the last 70 years, said although there has been some cosmetic changes hither and thither, the city has lost its charm. Maddening crowds with people jostling and pushing one another have made it very difficult for the people to move on the roads. The city needs wide roads and at least a dozen more flyovers throughout its length and breadth to ease the ever-increasing traffic load, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13015951", "title": "Dad-to-be dies in road accident", "text": "CHENNAI: A man who went to invite his relative for his wife's 'seemandham' died after his bike collided head on with another two wheeler at Avadi on around 9.30pm on Friday.Police said Amalraj (28) of Kamarajapuram in Pattabiram was returning from Thiruvallur when the accident happened. Amalraj had gone to invite his relative for his wife Sarala Devi's ceremony which was to be held on Sunday. When he reached CTH Road in Pattabiram, he collided with another bike coming in the opposite direction.Amalraj, an employee of a private company in Pattabiram, was thrown off the vehicle and sustained severe injuries on his head. A few passersby took him to a nearby private hospital where he died without responding to the treatment. The other biker escaped with injuries.Poonamallee traffic police have registered a case under section 304 A of IPC. \"We are the lookout for the other biker,\" said an investigating officer. Amalraj's body has been handed over to the relatives after postmortem at the Government Kilpauk Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13015424", "title": "Summer showers lift spirits of Indoreans", "text": "INDORE: The mild showers that hit the city on Saturday evening brought in much-needed respite for Indoreans who were suffering from the sweltering May heat. The maximum temperature in the city dropped by about two degrees Celsius following thunderstorm and showers.The meteorological department officials said clouds would loom over the sky, coupled with thunderstorm and isolated rains in certain parts of the region in the next 24 hours.\"An upper air circulation formed over north-west region of Madhya Pradesh due to western disturbance is leading to thunderstorm and rain at isolated places,\" said a met official adding that the weather will continue to remain pleasant for the next few days.He said day time temperature in the city will drop a little bit the next three days due to cloudy sky. However, the temperature may rise in the night. The nights are also expected to be humid due to drizzle, met dept officials added.The unexpected change in weather set a perfect setting for weekend for the citizens who were reeling under the blazing sun for the past few weeks. On Saturday, enthusiastic Indoreans thronged the roads to revel in the first shower of the season.Kiran Nikhare, who was caught roaming with her friends on the city streets, said that change in weather has allowed them to step outside and spend their weekend with friends.\"During the past few weeks, we remain confined to our houses. Now with clouds hovering in the sky and the weather turning pleasant, we can easily go out and enjoy,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13016914", "title": "Frenchman\u2019s death: Cops to reconstruct incident", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as what led to the assault on Frank Wilfred remains a mystery, Government Railway Police (GRP) on Saturday took Manoj Kumar, the accused travelling ticket examiner ( TTE) of Sachkhand Express, to his residence at Amritsar.Continuing with technical investigations, GRP authorities said they have started preparations for reconstructing the crime scene for the purpose of investigations. At the same time, the tissue and viscera samples drawn from Frank's body have been sent to forensic science laboratory (FSL) at Madhuban and chemical laboratory at Karnal for conducting various tests.Police parties have started visiting the passengers on board in coach number S4, who were believed to be eyewitnesses of the case, sources said. Teams of police personnel who had gone to Manmad, Aurangabad and Nanded stations, which fall under the office of divisional railway manager (DRM) Bhusawal, Maharasthra, have reached back on Friday night, they added.\"Our people are on the job and are hopeful of solving the case soon. So far as reconstruction of scene is concerned, we shall do so after we complete our investigations and record the statements of passengers as well as those on duty in the train,'' V Kamraja, IG railways, Haryana said. Meanwhile, officials in FSL Madhuban confirmed having received blood stain, tissue and viscera samples for the purpose of chemical examinations and other tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13016520", "title": "Decontrolling grain prices will help farmers, says Vikhe Patil", "text": "PUNE: State agriculture and marketing minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil on Saturday defended the government's decision to decontrol trade of foodgrains and vegetables. He said that agriculture produce market committees (APMC) have been influenced more by traders than farmers.\"The move is in the interest of farmers as they would be able to get better prices for their produce and not lose out money in taxes and commissions,\" said Vikhe Patil while speaking at the inauguration of foodgrain festival, organized by the state marketing board. About 7,000 quintals of foodgrains, pluses, organic foodgrains and jaggery and unpolished rice is available for sale at the fest at Sakhar Sankul in Shivajinagar. The initiative gives an opportunity to farmers to sell their produce directly to customers, thereby eliminating the middlemen. The three-day festival will be open from 9 am to 9.30 pm. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar inaugurated the festival. Some 50 foodgrain stalls and a few food stalls have been set up. Some growers from the city have also decided to sell organically grown vegetables.The state government recently announced decontrolling foodgrain and vegetable sale, ending the monopoly of APMCs on movement and trading of. The move will enable farmers to sell their produce outside the APMC to another wholesale dealer without paying any tax to the market committee. The procuring company or organization too will not be required to pay any tax to the market committee for operating in its jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13020335", "title": "Childhood friends Ayushmann-Yami back together", "text": "Ayushmann Khurrana's next film would feature him in a role inspired by Dev Anand in Vijay Anand's Guide. It's the role of a tourist guide who loses his values in the quest for affluence and success. John Abraham will again produce the film.If Salman Khan is going all-out for debutant Pulkit Samrat, John Abraham has pitched his might behind Ayushmann Khurruna. After producing Ayushmann's debut film 'Vicky Donor' John is all set to produce the newcomer's next feature film.Following the exceedingly favourable response to debutants Ayushmann Khurrana and Yami Gautam in this week's release 'Vicky Donor' director Shoojit Sircar quickly gets into his next project, a rom-com entitled 'Hamara Bajaj', featuring the Donor duo Ayushmann and Yami in the lead again.Says Ayushmann, \"Yes,Yami and I are getting together again for Shoojit's 'Hamara Bajaj'. It's again a gregarious aggressive North Indian character. But very different from 'Vicky Donor'. In 'Hamara Bajaj' I play a tourist guide in Agra who becomes a big Bollywood star. So there's a very wide arc to my character's graph.\"Ayushmann also reveals his long Yami connection. \"I know her from the time she was a school girl and I was a college student in Chandigarh. Her father headed the Zee Punjabi and I did a biographical film on the poet Bulleh Shah for the channel. I played Bulleh Shah. I know Yami from back then. She was just a school girl then. She's a very sweet girl.\"Ayushmann is married and has been in a committed relationship with his wife Tahira from the age of 16. So the female attention that he's currently enjoying is no threat to his domestic life.Trying not to sound immodest Ayushmann says, \"Tahira who's a writer and has just completed a book, has been in my life from the time when I was 16. Even at that age I was no stranger to female attention. She has seen me interact with female friends. Now she sees how casually I handle female fans. Tahira knows I'm totally committed to her.\"About his triumph as the sperm donor in Vicky Donor Ayushmann says, \"It was the way the character was written. I modelled him on four of my friends in Delhi. You see, the one good thing that I did after I won the Roadies contest was to take a 4-year break to learn acting. So I know my chops.\"Interestingly Ayushmann's role in 'Hamara Bajaj' would be inspired by Dev Anand in Vijay Anand's 'Guide'. The young anchor-actor is a huge Dev Anand fan. Adds John Abraham, \"Yes I'm producing 'Hamara Bajaj'. Ayushmann is truly talented. When people ask why and how I'm not insecure about new talent I say we need a lot more talent in the industry. I believe in Ayushmann. He's a lovely boy, and so talented. I've got his back covered completely. I'll make sure he makes the right career moves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13017295", "title": "Swami Sanand force fed", "text": "VARANASI: Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist Prof GD Agrawal), who was on fast unto death for the cause of Ganga, was force fed at the Shiv Prasad Gupta Hospital on Saturday.According to Dr DB Singh, superintendent in chief, Swami Sanand was force fed as his health condition was deteriorating.He is under the observation of doctors. However, everything is normal except some ketone bodies were detected in urine. Swami Sanand was admitted to the hospital by the local administration around midnight on Friday. It may be mentioned here that he went on hunger strike leaving water for the third time on May 2 demanding uninterrupted flow of Ganga. Meanwhile, the save Ganga movement of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam continued with participation of volunteers of different social organisation. Devi Purnamba and Brahmachari Krishna Priyanand observed fast at Kedar Ghat while Ganga Premi Bhikshu continued his Ganga tapasya at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13016073", "title": "Driver in Kovai dies of asphyxiation inside car", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 35-year-old driver sitting inside his car with the air conditioner running was found dead on Friday afternoon in Nanjappa Nagar on Trichy Road.The postmortem report indicates the victim died of asphyxiation due to inhaling carbon monoxide that accumulated inside the vehicle.The owner of the vehicle found the driver sitting in the backseat of the vehicle. The victim was rushed to nearby private medical clinics before he was declared dead at the second hospital. The post-mortem was conducted at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital and the body was handed over to relatives on Saturday.It is believed that the carbon monoxide fumes entered the vehicle through the air conditioner vent. \"The victim died after inhaling carbon monoxide inside the closed vehicle. The victim might have dozed off and inhaled toxic fumes causing death,\" said M Sakthivel, inspector, Singanallur police station.S Rajan, a resident of Kallimadai near Singanallur in the city, was employed as driver of a Quallis and had gone to the welding shop for some repair work. He parked his car near the workshop and was sitting in the backseat reading a magazine.He was reportedly at the spot where he was found dead for a few hours. The vehicle owner R Jayakumar arrived at the spot around 1.30pm and found the air conditioner running and the windows rolled up.\"He was just sitting in the backseat and it took a few moments for me to realise something was wrong,\" said Jayakumar, who runs a travel service.According to air conditioning system maintenance experts, every vehicle has a re-circulation button inside, which has to be turned on to avoid asphyxiation and allow air circulation inside a parked vehicle when the air conditioner is running.If the vehicle is running then automatically air circulation occurs inside the vehicle, but if it is stationary and the recirculation switch is not pressed then carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide will slowly accumulate inside the vehicle.\"All vehicles have recirculation switch and it should be used if the air conditioner is switched on while the vehicle is not moving. If the vehicle is running there is no cause for worry,\" said J Riyazzudin, an air conditioner mechanic in the city.Medical experts in the city also opined that cases of asphyxiation have been reported when victims are sitting inside parked vehicles with cooling system running.\"Carbon monoxide has greater affinity to bind with haemoglobin in the blood than oxygen and carbon dioxide. So in some cases once the level of the gas increases in closed spaces, death is inevitable. In some cases, it will be a silent death especially if the victim is asleep,\" said Dr U Jaymohan Unnithan, a prominent pulmonologist in the city.Rajan leaves behind Selvi, his wife for 12 years. The couple didn't have any children. P Subramaniam, another driver and a close friend of the victim, told TOI that Rajan was planning to go to Ooty during the weekend but had cancelled it last minute due to some personal reason.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015766", "title": "RTI response lands Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission in soup", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission (APPSC) has put itself in a tight spot by officially giving out contradictory information pertaining to destruction of answer sheets. Replying to an RTI query on April 18, APPSC mentioned that OMR sheets are preserved for six months from the date of publication of results.However, about two weeks later, in a counter affidavit filed with the AP Information Commission, APPSC stated that the said answer sheets are preserved for up to one year. This inconsistency came to light through an RTI plea filed by group-1 aspirant K Sekhar Babu. Babu is demanding Rs 3 crore in compensation from the government for its failure to furnish proper details. Nationally, this is the highest amount demanded under the RTI Act so far.When quizzed on the issue, an official with the RTI section of APPSC betrayed the same lack of clarity. \"Until a few years back, the retention period for answer sheets was one year. But, later, it was changed to six months. Presently, answer papers are destroyed after six months and, in some cases, after a year,\" said the officer who refused to comment on the matter of discrepancy in information provided. It may be recalled that Babu had filed the RTI query in 2009 seeking a photocopy of his group-I answer sheet for the 2008 exam. However, when that was denied him Babu appealed to the state information commission which directed APPSC to hand over a copy of the answer sheet to the applicant. But despite that Babu's request was not fulfilled. Babu has now sought compensation under Section 19(8)(b) of the RTI Act on the grounds that non-disclosure of information had proven detrimental to him. The case has been adjourned to May 22 for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015344", "title": "Now, adulterated sand racket thrives", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thanks to the AP high court's recent ban on sand mining, a new sand racket is thriving in neighbouring Rangareddy and Nalgonda districts. The organized mafia supplies adulterated sand by mixing it with river sand. But construction experts are worried that the poor quality of sand could have an adverse impact on the structural stability of buildings.Mud from tanks or farm land is ground. The fine particles are churned out by grinding it and then mixed with natural sand. Miryalaguda town of Nalgonda district and Ibrahimpatnam mandal in Rangareddy district have emerged as hubs for adulterated sand with nearly 200 'fillers' operating from there. Sources said Hyderabad mostly depends on the sand supplies from these two districts. A tractor load of this sand costs Rs 7,500 as against Rs 5,000 till some time back.Sources said the illegal manufacturers transport spurious sand to Hyderabad at night to escape being detected by authorities. Experts pointed out that local politicians, civic, revenue and police officials are active participants in this racket. In case of resistance from officials, the mafia members do not hesitate to attack them. Recently, police officials were attacked by the mafia members at Adibatla in RR district.Police seized eight tractors, a JCB poclainer and a lorry after this attack. K Victor, Ibrahimpatnam tehsildar, recommended to the police that criminal cases be booked against eight contractors.Phirangi Nala and Pedda Cheruvu in Ibrahimpatnam mandal are in danger as mud from these water bodies is dug out indiscriminately to manufacture sand. In Nalgonda district, mud is extracted mainly from Cheekatimamidi and Peraram villages of Bommalaramaram mandal. The mafia is also at work in the areas abutting Musi river such as Valigonda and Gokaram mandals.Unofficial estimates peg the share of adulterated sand market at 20%. V Sashi Kiran, a structural engineer, said that scientific analysis should be conducted on the sand extracted from mud to find out whether it is suitable for construction or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13015455", "title": "Cops used mild force to disperse mob", "text": "INDORE: Police resorted to a mild force to disperse an agitating mob opposing the cantonment board squad that went to remove encroachment in Mhow on Saturday. According to police, the incident took place at around 9.30 am when a cantonment squad reached Khan Colony to remove encroachment.Local people resisted the squad and allegedly started pelting stones at them. Initially, the cops failed gauze the intensity of the attack, but later had to use mild force to control the agitated mob. The timely intervention of officials brokered the peace between the cantonment board officials and the agitators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13014860", "title": "Right to Education Act rules delay costs Goa funds", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's proposal to set up a residential school for HIV-affected orphans, 12 new primary schools and an additional set of uniforms for primary students has been rejected by the Union human resource development ministry owing to the state's inability to notify rules under the Centre's Right to Education Act.The proposal was put forward by the Goa Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan at a February-end meeting this year. Instead of a favourable response, the SSA and the Goa government came under fire from Anshu Vaish, chairperson, department of school education and literacy, HRD ministry, for the failure to meet several RTE requirements.Minutes of the meeting state: 'The following proposals of the state were not approved by the Project Approval Board-12 new primary schools were not sanctioned since the RTE rules have not been notified, residential schools-two (for HIV-affected orphans and for Muslim children)-were not sanctioned, firstly because RTE rules have not been notified and secondly because RTE Act mandates that HIV/AIDS children as well as children from Muslim minorities should be included in the mainstream system.\"The minutes, exclusively accessed by STOI, also maintained that 'provision of two sets of uniforms was not sanctioned since the RTE rules have not been notified'.Though education secretary, V P Rao, said Goa had utilized 71% of central and state funds for SSA interventions for 2011-12, the state's performance was found to be low on several parameters, including appointment of part-time instructors, teacher training (6.36%), benefits to children with special needs (33.16%), civil works (43.14%) and community mobilization (8.6%).The continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) method, implemented in Goa schools as per RTE requirements, was also found to be faulty.\"The learning/assessment system under CCE being currently followed by Goa needs to be revisited since children in primary schools are being subject to six tests and those in upper primary schools to four tests per subject in a year. This may prove to be excessively burdensome on teachers and children, and needs to be reviewed,\" Vaish told Goa's representatives.The minutes reveal: 'The state has not initiated action on conducting the teacher eligibility test (TET), due to which it would not be possible for Goa to appoint fresh teachers. Goa was, however, informed that the central TET would be conducted and the state may take steps to enable candidates take the exam.'The progress of civil works sanctioned for 2011-12 has also left a lot to be desired. 'All the approved works are either in progress or have not been taken up,' the minutes state.State officials told ministry officials that RTE rules would be notified with the formation of the new government. \"The draft of the state RTE rules which was under the consideration of the law department is ready for notification which will be effected with the formation of the new legislative assembly anytime after March 5, 2012. The process of notification was stalled due to the enforcement of model code of conduct from December 21, 2011,\" Goa officials said.Goa is yet to notify its RTE rules. Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal has made no secret of the disappointment that Goa and Karnataka are the only two states yet to notify state RTE rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016095", "title": "BJP seeks relief for farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: BJP on Saturday claimed that the damage caused due to the last month's dust and thunderstorm in Orai and Hamirpur districts was five times higher than the government estimates and demanded adequate compensation for the affected farmers.Former state BJP president Surya Pratap Shahi said that a team led by him went to take stock of damage caused by the thunderstorm in two districts of Bundelkhand region in April, and found that devastation caused was much higher than the government estimates. \"I talked to around 5,000 affected farmers in two districts and as per my estimate, loss due to natural calamity is five times higher than the government assessment,\" he said.He alleged that revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary had promised to open government coffers to help farmers and other victims, but in reality adequate compensation has not been paid even after 20 days.The BJP leader has demanded that the government should pay an ex-gratia of Rs 5 lakh each to the kin of those killed in the calamity and compensation for crop at the rate of Rs 25,000 per acre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13016427", "title": "Ruckus at Sindhi Camp over vacating hotel", "text": "JAIPUR: Noisy scenes were witnessed when depot manager of Sindhi camp bus stand and 30 others barged into a hotel near the bus stand to get it vacated. The manager, claiming the lease period of the hotel was over, ransacked the place for almost an hour and some property was also damaged.The incident took place at Sai Royal hotel where the chief depot manager Narendra Chaudhary along with 30 others barged and started damaging the property including televisions, refrigerators, etc. The armed men of the Rajasthan State Roadways Transport Corporation (RSRTC) also damaged cameras of two photographers of vernacular dailies.Soon after heavy police force reached the bus stand and tried to restore order.Circle inspector, Sindhi Camp, Bhanwar Randhir Singh , said, \"The hotel owner claims that he had taken the hotel from RSRTC on lease for a period of five years and the contract said it would be renewed every year on April 1. This time when it was not renewed he approached a local court and the court directed RSRTC authorities to renew the contract. Later, the RSRTC went to court challenging the order of a lower court and the sessions court, giving judgment in their favour, said since the hotel was on RSRTC land they had the right to extend the lease or not.\"\"On Friday, the RSRTC authorities sent a notice to the hotel to vacate within 24 hours and on Saturday a team of officers including the said chief depot manager went to the hotel to get it vacated,\" Singh added.However, the hotel owner terming it illegal said his contract clearly mentioned that the RSRTC authorities will have to bear the cost of his construction and will have to give a notice 90 days in advance before vacating.\"Based on allegations and counter allegations, we have lodged separate FIRs against the hotel owner Narendra Sindhi and the chief depot manger Narendra Chaudhary under various sections of IPC including assault,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13021209", "title": "Yes, I'm working with Raju again: Aamir Khan", "text": "Aamir Khan has been in the news lately, thanks to his TV show Sathyameve Jayathe. On the movie front, the actor has three big projects to look forward to - Talaash, Dhoom 3 and a film with director Rajkumar Hirani.\"I will be shooting for Talaash first. Dhoom 3 comes next, this is the first time Katrina Kaif and I are paired together. I'm also altering my look for the movie,\" said Aamir during his visit to Kochi.As for working with Rajkumar Hirani , Aamir said he was thrilled to be working with the 3 Idiots director again. \"Yes, I'm working with Raju again, shoot will begin in December, and I'm looking forward to it, as he is a great director and filmmaker and a great human being. It's a wonderful script again.\" Looks like 3 Idiots has worked a spell on the star alright, especially since he has not been known to work with a director more than once.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13021617", "title": "The USP of 'Shanghai' are the performances", "text": "Filmmaker Dibakar Banerjee is all set to woo the audience once again with his directorial, 'Shanghai'. Talking about it, Dibakar says, \"Shanghai is a political thriller and it's a new concept in the Indian scenario. It is a revenge drama, a whodunit genre of film.\" The film is a politics of the characters played by Abhay Deol , Kalki, Emran Hashmi and Bengali actor Prosenjit.\"Each of the actors is playing characters which they have never attempted before,\" says Dibakar and adds, \"I told Abhay about the Tamil Brahmin character in the film and asked if he was up to it. He got excited and read the script and said, 'This character is very unlike me, I am going to do it'.\"Dibakar has always wanted to work with Emraan and wanted to cast him in a role which was sans any glamour, \"The role that Emraan plays in the film is that of ugly, small time sidey character. It was a feat of sorts to cast both Emraan and Abhay in one film and it will not happen again,\" says the director who thinks that any actor is ready to take up a challenge when handed over to them.\"The actors have rendered landmark performances in the film and the USP of Shanghai are the top class performances of these actors,\" says Dibakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13015345", "title": "A perfect setting for weekend masti", "text": "INDORE: \"An upper air circulation formed over north-west region of Madhya Pradesh due to western disturbance is leading to thunderstorm and rain at isolated places,\" said a met official adding that the weather will continue to remain pleasant for the next few days.He said day time temperature in the city will drop a little bit the next three days due to cloudy sky.However, the temperature may rise in the night. The nights are also expected to be humid due to drizzle, met dept officials added. The unexpected change in weather set a perfect setting for weekend for the citizens who were reeling under the blazing sun for the past few weeks.On Saturday, enthusiastic Indoreans thronged the roads of the city to revel in the first shower of the season.Kiran Nikhare, who was caught roaming with her friends on the city streets, said that change in weather has allowed them to step outside and spend their weekend with friends.\"During the past few weeks, we remain confined to our houses. Now with clouds hovering in the sky and the weather turning pleasant, we can easily go out and enjoy,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13015822", "title": "34 convicted in fodder scam case", "text": "RANCHI: A special CBI court on Saturday convicted 34 accused in a case related to the multi-crore fodder scam. The court of special judge Dinesh Chandra Ray awarded imprisonments ranging from one to six years and imposed fine between Rs 10,000 to Rs 6 lakh.The case related to fraudulent withdrawal of around Rs 6.6 crore from Doranda treasury in Jharkhand using fake demand orders and invoices between 1980 and 1990. The accused used forged and fabricated allotment letters and spurious bills, raised either without supply of any material or on partial supply of vet medicines, instruments (artificial insemination kit), yellow maize and ground nut cake to farm of animal husbandry department at Hotwar in Ranchi.Special CBI lawyer Ravi Shankar said there were 54 accused in the case, of which 17 died during trial. One turned approver and two are absconding. \"Of 34 convicts, 14 are government officials from the animal husbandry department and 16 are suppliers,\" said Shankar.The scam hit the headlines in 1990s, when politicians, including then Bihar chief minister Lalu Prasad and former chief minister Jagannath Mishra, along with several senior IAS officers, were accused of illegal withdrawal of around Rs 900 crore from different treasuries, using forged documents for purchase of cattle feed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13024659", "title": "Committee to suggest ways to improve education in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The government has constituted a three-member committee to give recommendations on improving educational institutions in the state. The members will meet every two to three months.Addressing a meeting on Sunday, education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said, \"A special knowledge network will be created for every college where students will have special digital classes. Students from all schools will have access to listen to the lectures and special classes held in colleges across the world. Around Rs 200 crore has been sanctioned for this.\"He added that many colleges, despite having a botany department, do not have herb gardens. Other than this, the trees in the college compound do not have their scientific name mentioned, so a project should be taken up to introduce these in colleges. Special digital libraries for colleges are also on the cards besides special hobby clubs.\"We have formed a special committee that will suggest welfare measures for colleges and also take steps to ensure overall development of the students,\" he said. tnnAnother problem faced by many students is the high fees charged by colleges. The committee will be formed to ensure that colleges charge uniform fees and to monitor the activities of teachers.\"The committee meetings are meant to bring overall improvement and from now on, the chief minister will also take active part in them,\" Sarma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "phoenix", "code": "13016985", "title": "Woman fakes cancer to get breast implants", "text": "PHOENIX: A Phoenix woman has been charged with fraud and theft after authorities say she told people she had breast cancer and needed treatment so she could get money from them to buy breast implants .Police reports filed in Maricopa county superior court say 27-year-old Jami Lynn Toler told her former boss she needed a double mastectomy and breast reconstruction and was uninsured. She also told the tale to her mother and grandparents.Toler helped organize fundraisers and collected more than $8,000 beginning in September . Medical records obtained by police show she didn't have cancer and paid a plastic surgeon with the cash.Toler's story started to unravel when she turned down an offer from a doctor to treat her breast cancer for free and Klemis turned her in, Sgt Anthony Landato said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13015881", "title": "'Draconian' Chhattisgarh law up for review", "text": "BHOPAL: The controversial Chhattisgarh Special Public Security Act of 2005 shall come in for scrutiny as demanded by Maoists for the release of Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon. The committee, headed by former chief secretary of Madhya Pradesh Nirmala Buch, shall review all cases of under-trials facing charges of being Naxal supporters.\"Cases of those facing charges under the Chhattisgarh Public Security Act, too, will come up for review,\" said Buch, adding, \"The committee shall give top priority to cases involving women, children, sick under-trials, and those from economically and socially challenged backgrounds. The decision for prompt disposal of such cases is in keeping with the SC directive.\"Many activists have questioned the validity of the act, terming it as \"draconian\". They have alleged that the law is being misused to arrest tribals on charges of being Naxal sympathizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015539", "title": "Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation: Parents air concerns", "text": "NEW DELHI: Excessive projects, subjective evaluation, diluted excellence and sudden pressure of academics in Class XI are some of the worries bogging down parents of children studying in Classes IX and X. Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE), introduced in Class IX in October 2009, may have reduced the fierce competition caused due to exams, but there are still a lot of issues that parents and schools need to work on together.With the same aim, as many as 250 parents shared their concerns with CBSE chairperson Vineet Joshi at a first-ever interactive session held at Bal Bharati School, Ganga Ram Hospital Marg on Saturday. Parents from 50 schools in the city and 30 parent advocates appointed by CBSE came up with numerous doubts and some appreciation, too, for the new system of evaluation. Burden of projects given to their children for each subject appeared to be a common complaint with most parents. \"The habit of copying from the internet has increased as my child gets so many projects to make every week. It's also a burden on parents as we end up making most of them,\" said a parent.Joshi addressed the concern by making it clear that no school has been given any direction on the number of projects a student has to make. \"Many school are perhaps still giving projects in a standalone way. But it's not necessary to have projects for every subject and rather try to have cross-curricular linkages. Also the projects should not be frivolous and done in the class,\" said Joshi. He also advised that students should be encouraged to do projects in groups so that they can learn team work.There were five parents from each of the 50 schools invited by National Progressive School's Conference (NPSC) for the capacity building workshop. Some also questioned the efficacy of CCE considering students still end up facing annual exams in Class XI and XII. \"Classes IX and X are general education years and should not be equated with Classes XI and XII or college. We will also have to change the mindset. A student is believed to be excellent if he is ahead of his pack; but we would like to have a class where all are excellent. We should focus on the processes, not outcomes,\" Joshi said.Sadhana Parashar, director (training), CBSE also pointed out that parents' questions reflected that not all schools were implementing CCE properly. NPSC can play a larger role in proper implementation of CCE,\" Parashar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13020392", "title": "Ram makes way for Pawan Kalyan", "text": "The release of the Ram - Tamannah starrer Endukante Premante has been put on hold for the moment. The movie was scheduled to release on May 11 but the filmmakers have decided to postpone the release. \"Just letting u all know again... #EndukantePremanta will not release on 11th of May..its postponed..will update soon! Thank u?,\" actor Ram posted on his microblogging site.The producers have decided hold the release to avoid clashing with the release of Pawan Kalyan's Gabbar Singh that is gearing up to release on the same day. Apparently Pawan Kalyan and Ramesh Babu met Sravanthi Ravi Kishore, the producer of Endukante Premanta after which he decided to delay the release. The filmmakers are yet to finalize on a new release date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13017288", "title": "Remove sun film on cars by May 19", "text": "BANGALORE : Time is running out for tinted glasses /film on cars and other vehicles . Bangalore traffic police will on May 19 launch a drive against dark film on the windshields and windows of vehicles. This follows a Supreme Court directive prohibiting their use across the country .\"Heinous crimes like dacoity , rape , murder , kidnapping and even terrorist acts are committed using vehicles having black film ... The use of black film also leads to road accidents . It also prevents traffic police from communicating with the driver ,\" says a release from the police commissioner .The police have appealed to all vehicle owners and drivers to remove black film or any other tinted material . \"A reasonable time of 15 days is granted to remove these. After this, cases will be booked against owners and drivers violating the order . Penalty will be imposed and vehicles will be liablefor seizure for removal of black film ,\" the release said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13016048", "title": "Price rise hits pipe composting", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation, which is already stifled by the garbage crisis, is facing an unforeseen predicament in setting up the pipe-compost units.Increase in the price of pipes required for the compost units has slackened the progress of the project in many wards.The cost of pipes, which was Rs 240 a meter, while the project was conceived, has now crossed Rs 300.On Friday the corporation officials had to cancel the order for a load of pipes after the agency had refused to give the pipes at Rs 270. Due to price rise the officials have been reportedly undertaking inaugural functions of setting up pipe compost units in many wards using demo pipes.\"The prices are going up uncontrollably. This has forced the corporation to revise the financial outlay for the entire project,\" said S Pushpalatha, chairperson, health standing committee. The corporation has already forwarded a letter to the Shuchitwa Mission citing the present crisis.\"In the letter it is mentioned that the corporation would not be able to fulfill the project as conceived earlier. The agencies entrusted with the project are making the most of the situation ,\" an official associated with the project revealed.Pipe composting was touted as the ideal alternative after the garbage treatment plant was shut down in December 2011. The corporation had put aside Rs 8 crore for the scheme.The project aimed at setting up one lakh compost units in the corporation wards. Each unit was to be set up at a cost of Rs 813. The corporation has already set up close to 5,000 units in different wards.\"We have received the letter from the corporation. We need to find out the exact price at the moment. Once we figure it out corporation will be directed to seek alternate measures,\" said Dileep Kumar, director Shuchitwa Mission.The overwhelming response of city residents to pipe composting is also bothering the corporation.\"Initially this was the response we were looking for. Now we have got around 1,000 applications pending per ward. However the rising prices have upset our plans\", said Pushpalatha.The corporation is now spending Rs 680 for the two pipes and Rs 150 for the two lids on each pipe compost unit. \"Earlier we could install the unit for Rs 500 or less. We cannot go on in this manner for too long,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13022456", "title": "Hockey: India draw 2-2 with Pakistan in Junior Asia Cup", "text": "MALACCA (Malaysia) India twice came back from a goal down to eke out a hard-fought 2-2 draw against Pakistan in a pool match of the seventh junior men's Asia Cup hockey tournament on Sunday.In a match in which fortunes swung each minute, Pakistan took the lead twice but the Indians come back to equalise.India now have four points with a win and a draw and will meet China in the last pool match on Monday. India need a draw to enter the semis. India won Sri Lanka 11-0 on Friday.Forward Dilber Muhammad put Pakistan ahead in the fifth minute after quick exchange of the ball with winger Irfan Muhammad. India replied 20 minutes later through experienced Amit Rohidas, who made an immaculate penalty corner conversion.Five minutes into the lemon time, Irfan Md. bounced on to a penalty corner rebound to give Pakistan 2-1 lead.Pakistan kept exerting pressure to expand the lead but India was up to the task as captain Akashdeep Singh latched onto a midfield pass from Surender Kumar to again neutralize the lead and help India to salvage a point in the hotly contested match.Akashdeep's shot from the right hit the goalie, fell between his legs, and tricked slowly to cross the dreaded white-line much to the agony of the Pakistan team.Pakistan waged a grim battle to post goals, and came close on many occasions but the poor finish let them down.India goalkeeper Sushant Tirkey played his heart out to deny Pakistan many chances that included four penalty corners in the last phase of the match.\"I am not happy, especially with the defence. We gave away many easy penalty corners. However, considering both teams were eager to win this match, the result seems to me a fair one,\" said Indian coach Baljit Singh Saini.Pakistan coach Rana Mujahid also felt there were a lot of positives in the match.\"When we played India last time that was in the Sultan of Johor Cup in Malaysia , we lost badly. We were beaten 1-5. From that we have made much progress, we took lead twice today. So, I see lot of positives in the match,\" Pakistan coach Rana Mujahid said.\"India is hosting the Junior World Cup next year and are preparing well. This result is good for my boys. I also compliment your goalkeeper,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015390", "title": "GO may render 25,000 archakas jobless", "text": "HYDERABAD: Archakas are up in arms over the recent move of the endowments department to link their strength to the income of the temples and claimed that this move will render at least 25,000 of them jobless.As per the recent GO, there should be only one archaka for a temple with an yearly income between Rs 2 lakh and Rs 8 lakh per annum, three archakas for temples with an income of Rs 15 lakh to Rs 25 lakh, four archakas for temples that earn Rs 25 lakh to Rs 35 lakh and 6 archakas for temples earning between Rs 35 and Rs 50 lakh per annum. Archakas claimed that this move would force thousands like them to come on the roads. As per the existing arrangement, one archaka is employed in a temple with an annual earning of Rs 50,000 to Rs 1.5 lakh, two archakas in the Rs 1.5 to Rs 3 lakh bracket, three in the Rs 3 to Rs 5 lakh category, leading up to 12 archakas in temples with an annual earning of Rs 25 lakh to Rs 50 lakh.According to sources, the existing arrangement was based on the recommendations of the C Uma Malleswara Rao Committee in 1996 and the same had been endorsed by the Supreme Court. However, the new GO goes against this, the archakas claim. \"This will surely render the archakas of the sub temples within the main temples jobless,\" Andhra Pradesh Archaka Samkhya leader Rambabu said.While threatening to take action against the state on this issue, archakas are hoping that the GO will be corrected soon At present, archakas get salaries ranging between Rs 6,000 and Rs 12,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13017037", "title": "Errant auto drivers court trouble", "text": "BANGALORE: Exasperated over increasing complaints against autorickshaw drivers who refuse to ply to the desired destination or overcharge passengers, traffic police are sending errant drivers straight to court to cough up a fine of Rs 2,000.In the past fortnight, police sent 428 auto drivers to court. MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic) said that as per the permit condition, a driver is not supposed to deny a hire or charge extra. \"An autorickshaw driver is provided the licence under passenger cab permit and accepts its conditions while receiving it. When he violates any of the rules mentioned in the conditions, he is violating the permit agreement itself and can be sent to court. The maximum punishment for a violation is Rs 2,000, Until now, when auto drivers were caught by traffic police, they were fined Rs 100 and let off,'' he said,.To continue its drive against errant drivers, traffic police started a 12-hour call centre which commuters can call in their complaints. Data from this call centre service has helped police identify violators. Based on this data, the hot spots of violations have been identified and policemen have been deployed there. Madiwala, Kempegowda bus terminal and Navarang theatre were some of the trouble spots. Policemen have been posted there and they nab any driver found violating the two basic rules and seize one of their documents. That's returned only when they appear in court an pay the penalty.Help at hand* Send SMS to 9663952225* You can call (080) 25588444 or 25588555Commuters are at their wits' end when they have to deal with surly drivers whose meters have been tampered with or they just refuse to ply. The traffic police initiative to strike the fear of the courts into errant drivers is welcome and timely and hopefully will fix this problem. That data from the call centre for complaints helped police zero in on trouble spots shows that where there's a will to solve a problem, there's definitely a way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13014968", "title": "Dead wild boar found in wildlife sanctuary", "text": "PANAJI: The carcass of a male wild boar was found in a decomposed condition at Kaskond in Bhagwan Mahaveer wildlife sanctuary by a wild life activist.It had probably collapsed in a dried up stream after sustaining some injuries in the abdomen and upper parts of the hind limbs. The affected parts were infested by maggots. The animal measured 128cm from nostril to tail and stood 76cm in height.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13016469", "title": "Dairy farmers ask PM to fix milk price", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha Milk and Paddy Farmers Association (OMPFA) has urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to take a serious note of the plight of milk farmers across the country and fix a minimum support price of milk at Rs 25 per litre and animal feeds at Rs 10 per kg.In a letter sent to the Prime Minister on the eve of his meeting with milk farmers in New Delhi scheduled on May 7, the association pointed out there is no minimum support price for milk so far. Therefore, the memorandum said, milk farmers across the country are suffering from distress sale of milk.The memorandum, signed by association president Rabi Behera and general secretary Narayan Dalua, attracted attention towards the wretched condition of about 17 lakh milk farmers' families in Odisha. Milk farmers in the state get a nominal Rs 14.55 per litre sale of milk to OMFED, the state owned cooperative body. Their families remain half-fed and their children do not get quality education and health services, the memorandum pointed out.The memorandum stressed on reservation of shops in every market for milk farmers, a monthly pension and other social security schemes, including sanction of bank loans at three percent interest. The association also urged the Prime Minister to fix minimum support price of paddy at Rs 1,500 per quintal to avoid distress sale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014505", "title": "Yet another bridge thrown open by citizens", "text": "NAGPUR: Although the opening of the Narendra Nagar railway over bridge (ROB)) is held up due to a petition in the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court, activists of Yuva Sena on Saturday inaugurated the bridge for motorists.According to officials of the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC), the bridge work started in 2008 and was completed in November 2011. However, a small portion of the road connecting the bridge with Narendra Nagar ring road was yet to be completed following a legal dispute between MSRDC and one Marotrao Kumbalkar. It had prevented the MSRDC from throwing open the bridge to the public.Exasperated by the delay, the Yuva Sena activists on Saturday opened the traffic on one side of the two-way roads of the ROB and also put two boards on either side of the bridge mentioning open for traffic. But the Yuva leaders had not disturbed the other side of the bridge road where Kumbalkar had fenced the road off.Though, it was 'illegally' opened for the public, the bridge would now ease traffic rush towards Prashant Nagar and Wardha Road.A delegation of Yuva Sena comprising Hitesh Yadav, Nitin Tiwari and Raje Jaisinh Bhosale had earlier met the MSRDC superintendent engineer Jeevan Nikose and warned that they would open the ROB if the corporation did not do it.Citizens too told TOI that they were fed up of waiting for MSRDC to finish the legal hurdles. Local residents alleged that the bridge has been virtually ready for public use for the last six months.\"Our hands are tied as we have been made a party to the court case,\" said Nikose. \"In case of any accident on the bridge, the police should not consider this road 'public' since it is pending with the court.\"In January, the residents of Narendra Nagar had opened the bridge. In fact, in the past, the city had witnessed similar incidents when motorists and residents 'opened' bridges. This includes the Railway station flyover, Kalamna flyover and Sahakar Nagar bridge. Residents of Mecosabagh had opened another bridge after building a makeshift approach on their own as NMC was delaying the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13015545", "title": "Beeline to get tints removed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after traffic police's drive against the vehicles with tinted glasses and black films following the Supreme Court judgment, car decor shops had volunteers lined up to remove the black films and tints from vehicle window panes on Saturday.The shops in three prominent motor markets of sectors 47, 27 and 28 had a beeline of car owners. Surjit Singh, a Sector 48 resident, said, \"Though the traffic police carried a drive without prior information, he has removed black films from his three cars.\"Residents of the neighbouring Panchkula and Mohali also lined up to get the black films removed from their vehicles. Ankur Sharma, a Sector 28-based owner of a car repair shop, said black films and tinted glasses were removed from around 65 vehicles at his shop.The UT traffic police challaned around 300 vehicles and removed black films from these vehicles after the SC put a ban on it on May 4. The SC had stated the decision be implemented throughout the country from May 4.The vehicle owners, however, are confused over a clause in this judgement, which allows the tinted glasses provided by the vehicle manufacturers at the time of delivery.Sudhir Malhotra of Sector 8, who recently purchased an SUV with tinted glasses, said, \"I had assumed all sort of tinted glasses were banned, but a car repair shop owner told me about the exact judgment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13015778", "title": "Children have a tryst with tradition this summer", "text": "CHENNAI: Summer camps in the city are now helping children bond with the past. Grandma's tales, traditional indoor games and crafts are becoming popular choices for parents who want to engage children during the six-week summer vacation.Working parents, mostly those living in nuclear families, now drop their children at \"grandma's\" place - a camp where children will listen to traditional stories that have moral values. One such place is 'Kanchana Patti', where children get to eat homemade food and are allowed to play in a natural environment. The 'Alphabet' in Alwarpet gives campers a sneek peek into grandma's kitchen. Many parents say they are impressed with the \"home feel\" these camps give children.Some parents prefer camps that teach children 'slokas' and hymns that help them improve memory skills. At one of the camps at the Ramakrishna Mission, children have sessions on yoga, 'sloka' chanting and moral sciences. \"It's a half-a-day long camp that engages my nine-year-old. I don't have to worry about him being alone at home, watching programmes on TV that are inappropriate for his age,\" said T C A Vijay Ananth, a lawyer.Kreeda, another organisation that holds summer camps, teaches children long-forgotten games such as 'aadu puli aattam' and 'pallankuzhi.' The games engage children and improve their mathematical and logical skills. \"We believe in kids having spontaneous fun,\" says Vinita Sidhartha of Kreeda. \"Children tend to improve their mathematical ability and team building naturally while playing these games. Many of them go back home and teach their parents some of these games.\" The organisation ties up with corporates, NGOs, and schools to conduct a variety of workshops throughout the year.For children who love arts, Dakshinachitra offers some residential and regular camps, ranging from simple activity camps, to junk art, pottery and clay modelling. \"I like the variety of arts and the indigenous artists who are called in to demonstrate,\" says Anandh Kodoth, an alumnus of the arts management course offered by Dakshinachitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13015368", "title": "Rally today to drive home importance of laughter", "text": "BHOPAL: Laughter club members in the city will take out a rally early Sunday morning to mark the World Laughter Day, highlighting the benefits of laughter to get rid of one's physical and mental disturbances.\"In Bollywood film 'Munna Bhai MBBS,\" we watched Dr J C Ashtana-a role played by Boman Irani-laughing to ease tension. That was the first time the film industry highlighted the benefits of laughing therapy,\" says laughter guru C B Chansoria.Chansoria, a retired officer said, \"I started taking laughter therapy sessions in 2001 after the death of my wife to overcome depression \", he told TOI. \"I was a dejected man who had lost all hopes in life. But after joining laughter therapy sessions, I felt positive energy in me and I was full of zest for life again. Laughter also made me physically strong,\" he claimed.Practising laughter therapy for over a decade now, Chansoria explained the medical benefits of the therapy. When we laugh, our mind is blank and we do not think anything. We also secrete certain hormones, which makes us happy and joyful,\" he said, pointing out a study from the Maryland University that the laughter therapies can also reduce problems of high blood pressure and blood sugar.Psychiatrist Ruma Bhattacharya told TOI, \"Laughter helps change moods and gives us mental peace. Laughter can provide relief from mental disturbances as well.\"Currently, there are 28 laughter clubs in the city, which have more than 2,500 members. Laughter clubs have come up at Shahpura, Ekanth Park, Danishkunj, Govindpura, TT Nagar model ground, Bhadbhada road, Suruchi Nagar, Saket Nagar, Shakti Nagar, Minal Residency, Ayodhya Nagar and Kotra Sultanabad areas of Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13015269", "title": "Tricky test for hosts Bangalore against Hyderabad", "text": "BANGALORE: Team Bangalore came into the fifth edition of the IPL with flair and flamboyance, prompting pundits and fans to mark them as one of the teams to beat. Midway into the tournament, the last year's runners-up find themselves in a spot of bother battling hard to get the right mix of foreign and Indian talent as they renew the quest on Sunday for a place in the playoffs.With Chris Gayle, who now always plays to the gallery, and former South African T20 captain AB de Villiers taking two of the four spots reserved for foreigners, the challenge is to fill the remaining two with power performers in their clash against Kumar Sangakkara's Hyderabad who gave a few scary moments to Mahendra Singh Dhoni in Chennai on Friday.Being the skipper, Vettori has so far been an automatic choice. He was left out the washed out match against Chennai, purportedly because of injury, but if the team dynamics demand, the affable Kiwi is willing to sit out. In such a scenario, spin wizard Muttiah Muralitharan may get another chance, this time to have a go at his former skipper Sangakkara's side.But Muralitharan, who hasn't played in the last six matches, has already voiced his support for Vettori saying the skipper should not be dropped. \"It is wrong to think that someone who hasn't played 4-5 matches will come in and grab four wickets. It won't happen like that. A bowler needs luck too to succeed in T20 as he gets just 24 balls, compared to an opening batsman who may get 120 balls,\" Muralitharan said.The Vettori-Murali duo turned out for Bangalore at the start of the season but the combination was broken after the first four matches in which Bangalore lost three.The fourth slot has always been a revolving one with the team management trying out Murali, Dilshan and McDonald in four matches each and met with mixed success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13014876", "title": "After his heavy election defeat, Churchill mopes about Mopa", "text": "MARGAO: Fueling speculations of his possible entry in the race for the Cortalim seat for the by-elections, losing Navelim aspirant Churchill Alemao along with United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) vice president Radharao Gracias announced their plans to launch a movement against the setting up of Mopa airport on Saturday.While addressing mediapersons in Margao, both Gracias and Alemao claimed that they were taking up the airport issue in their personal capacity while the latter said that he had not yet made up his mind on contesting the upcoming elections. On that note however, both these political leaders said that if Alina Saldanha, the wife of the late Cortalim MLA Matanhy had to support their stance on Mopa airport and the medium of instruction issue, then they would extend their support to her.Gracias categorically stated that UGDP would support a common candidate who would espouse their cause and fight against the BJP government for wanting to construct the Mopa airport. \" The chief minister has no business talking about the Dabolim airport as that airport belongs to the Indian navy and not to the state government or the civial aviation minister\" said Gracias.\"I was against the Mopa airport yesterday, I am against it today and will be against it tomorrow,\" said Alemao, stating that if needed, the navy who he alleged were illegally occupying the airport land, should shift to the Mopa airport.Stating he was for the cause of Dabolim airport since 1989 when he was elected as an MLA as it would promote tourism tremendously, pointed out that similar assurances had been given to the people of Bangalore that there would be two airports but at the end there is only one airport now.Alemao further claimed that when he was the MP, Saldanha had provided him several documents that proved that Dabolim was a civilian airport and that said that he had taken up the cause with the civil aviation ministry, ministry of defense and the Indian navy. \"During the war crisis , the airport came in their possession for security reasons but they should not think that Goa belongs to them but to Goa and Goans,\" added Alemao while displaying copies of letters he had sent to various central government departments concerned when he was MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13024791", "title": "Teachers' Eligibility Test results declared", "text": "GUWAHATI: The third merit list of the first-ever state-conducted Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET) was declared on the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) website on Sunday.Addressing a meeting in the city, education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said, \"Around 431 candidates have been selected from Karbi Anglong, 453 candidates from North Cachar, 368 from Chirang, 401 from Baksa, 516 from Udalguri and 632 from Kokrajhar. These candidates would have to join from June 1.\"The minister also said that on May 16, the final list of the candidates would be declared and on May 20 the chief minister would distribute the appointment letters at Sarusajai stadium. tnn\"The candidates who wish to apply for posting at their desired place would have to do it by May 10 and the options have to be given on the SSA website. They can also submit their preferred location at the SSA helpdesk,\" Sarma said.The minister said that in the physically challenged candidates' quota, though 413 candidates cleared the test, only 74 qualified for the merit list.He also said that though now 28,000 candidates would be absorbed, around 27,405 new posts would be created and by June more candidates would be absorbed. \"Human resource development minister (HRD) Kapil Sibal has said 27,405 new posts would be created and more candidates would be absorbed,\" Sarma said.Among candidates with an additional B Ed degree, around 3,929 candidates were selected, but after verification, it was found that only 3,635 have proper documents. The minister clarified that only candidates with B Ed degrees recognised by the National Teachers' council (NTC) would be considered.The education minister also informed that the total expenditure would be Rs 664 core annually, out of which around Rs 12,00 crore would be spent on salary alone. \"The programme is being funded by both the Centre and the state government, with the state funding around 25% and Centre the rest,\" he said.He also said that to cover the salary expenditure, the SSA has been granted Rs 2300 core this year, which is 55% higher than last year's Rs 14,00 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016599", "title": "\u2018If you don\u2019t seed in spring, you\u2019d have nothing to harvest in fall\u2019", "text": "Kyung-sook Shin, beating competition from Haruki Murakami and Amitav Ghosh , has become the first woman and the first Korean to win the prestigious Man Asian Literary Prize for her book 'Please Look After Mom'. She speaks to Archana Khare Ghose on her life and her writing'Please Look After Mom' has been called a sensitive portrait of a mother through the eyes of her family, and is a comment on the changing Korean society. How was the story born?The line, \"It's been one week since Mom went missing\" came to me suddenly one day. I thought that we lived in an era in which the sentiment we associate with 'mom' had been lost. Park So-nyo in the book is the mother you would find anywhere . I wanted to describe the love and pain I found inside her. If you connect with the inner life of the mom you have forgotten about, or want to reach out to her again, I would feel rewarded as the author of this book.How much of your own life is reflected in this story? You migrated from a small village to Seoul as a girl of 16...My childhood was spent with many brothers and parents farming. My childhood was happy even though we were poor. Something that I learnt then was: if you don't seed in the spring, you would have nothing to harvest in the fall. The changes in nature and the joy, sadness, anger and love that I experienced then left a deep impact on me. From the age of 16, I have lived away from my mom and still miss her. The mistakes that the daughter commits in 'Please Look... ' are my own.Please Look... examines the Korean society in flux - loss of traditions and flight from rural to urban life. Has the Korean society now come to terms with its identity or is there still some bottled up nostalgia for a past gone by?The traditional family structure in Korean society no longer exists. Korean families today are not much different from families the world over. I don't look for answers in traditional families as family relationships are no longer based purely on blood ties. Today, someone who lives with you is your family, even if not related. What I miss is not the traditional Korean family but kindness, intimacy, and communication that we have lost today.How was the character of the mother in the book born?When I was 16, one night my mother and I took the train to the city. The reflection of my mother's face on the window looked very tired and sad. This work grew out of the desire to write a dedication of sorts to my mother if I ever became an author. The work is personal as it allowed me to keep the promise I made to myself that night.Who are the authors whose works you follow?I never miss a chance to read Ismael Kadare, Paul Auster , Milan Kundera and Ian Russell McEwan.At the Man Asian Literary Prize ceremony in Hong Kong, you had made a statement on the people from North Korea being sent back from China to their land. You said 'I want the world to know this story'.I could make that statement because the venue of the award ceremony was Hong Kong. We, the people of South and North Korea, have been living as a divided country for over half a century. Many people are escaping from North Korea for the sake of survival but they are being forcibly repatriated. The problem is that the escaped North Koreans are being cornered into a deadly situation. So I sincerely asked the Chinese government to consider their plight under humanitarian circumstances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode/kannur", "code": "13016451", "title": "Chandrasekharan's killing was a political red card: Police", "text": "KOZHIKODE/KANNUR: Police believe that it, literally, was a political red card that led to the killing of Revolutionary Marxist Party leader T P Chandrasekharan, with the needle of suspicion pointing at the possible involvement of two area-level leaders of the CPM in the crime.Sources told TOI that one of them, a former area secretary, was instrumental ousting Chandrasekharan from the CPM, and the other, an incumbent area secretary, was given the task of regaining the lost hold in the area. Chandrasekharan, a persona non grata of the party after he rebelled against the official faction, was a common enemy of both these leaders.Police said both of them had apprised the CPM leadership of a huge erosion of its cadres in Vadakara area was mainly caused by inroads made by the RMP into the CPM strongholds. This possibly would have led to a decision to eliminate him using professional killers without getting directly involved in the conspiracy.TOI has also reliably learnt that the intelligence wing of the Kerala police had warned that the CPM may go to any extent to eliminate the threat posed by the RMP and Chandrasekharan.There was an intelligence alert in mid-March that the CPM will take some drastic actions after the 20th party congress. This was communicated to Chandrasekharan by district police chief T K Rajmohan. But Chandrasekharan refused to accept police protection, it is learnt.The initial breakthrough made in the case following seizure of the Innova used by the assailants also indicates this link. The vehicle, bearing registration number KL-58D 8144 and registered at Thalassery RTO, was found abandoned near the KSEB substation at Chokli canal road in Kannur district, bordering Mahe. Local people informed the police about it after details of the vehicles were scrolled by TV channels.Bloodstains were found in the vehicle though the killers had washed it before abandoning it. Also there were scratches on the car. Moreover, some pieces of paper thrown away by the accused, cigarette butts, and an empty bottle of liquor were found in the car, said police. The car was later taken to Vadakara.The vehicle belongs to K P Naveen Das of Thalassery, who had given the car on rent to Rafeeq Payapadachi of Palloor in Mahe, who is suspected to be the prime accused in the case. Police said he is absconding.Rafeeq is also a CPM worker, according to police. The police said seven people have been identified so far in connection with the case. Five have been taken into custody. Of this, three persons - Navin Das, his brother Vijeesh and Harris - are being questioned as they are suspected to have facilitated the crime. Police hinted that two of the accused were released from Kannur central jail two days ago.A team, led by T K Rajmohan, is investigating the case which will be monitored by ADGP (Crimes) Vinson M Paul.Meanwhile, body of Chandrasekharan was buried on the premises of his house at Onchiyam late Saturday night. Inquest and post-mortem examination were completed at the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital on Saturday afternoon. There were 50 wounds on the body with his face being completely disfigured in the attack.Chief minister Oommen Chandy , Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan, ministers P K Kunhalikutty, M K Muneer, Aryadan Muhammad, MPs E T Muhammad Basheer, M K Raghavan, Berlin Kunhanandan Nair and others paid tribute to the slain leader.Huge crowds waited on the road to Koyilandi, Thikkodi, Vadakara and Orkkatteri to pay homage to comrade TP who was the living symbol of a true communist who dared the leadership for deviating from the textbook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "13019935", "title": "Marriage proposal rejected, man kills girl's uncle", "text": "SANGRUR: Sangrur police has solved a murder mystery where a dejected youth killed a middle aged person for declining to marry off his niece with him. The youth has been arrested.The family of farmer Balla Singh of village Lohakhera was worried over his not returning home till late night on April 30. His dead body was recovered next morning from the village pond. Longowal police working on the complaint of deceased Balla Singh's brother Maghar Singh had registered murder case against Gursewak Singh of village Akkanwali.Sources said Gursewak, who originally hails from village Akkawali in Mansa was living with his uncle Joginder Singh at village Lohakhera near Longowal. His father was lodged in Sangrur jail in a murder case. While residing at Lohakhera, Gursewak started liking Balla Singh's niece and wanted to marry her. Balla Singh disapproved this relationship and solemnized girl's marriage somewhere else.Sangrur SSP Harcharan Singh Bhullar said \"during investigations it came out that Gursewak invited Balla Singh over drinks on the evening of April 30. After the drinking session was over, Gursewak drove Balla Singh on his motor cycle and took him to a pond outside village, where he attacked up Balla Singh with sharp edged weapons and fled after throwing his body in the pond after killing him\".SSP Bhullar said police has recovered the motorcycle used in the crime after arresting Gursewak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13014992", "title": "Contempt plea against Aires", "text": "PANAJI: Kashinath Shetye, a junior engineer in the state's electricity department, has filed a contempt application before the high court of Bombay at Goa against advocate Aires Rodrigues and another person for allegedly making allegations against a judge.During the hearing of the plea recently, the high court ordered that the matter be placed before the appropriate bench. Shetye told the court that the petition was filed for criminal contempt.The petitioner has alleged that Rodrigues made unwarranted and baseless imputations against the judge in messages sent from his mobile. Mohan Govekar is also a respondent in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015670", "title": "Srilakshmi attacks Sabita and CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Senior IAS officer Y Srilakshmi, an accused in the illegal mining case, on Saturday charged CBI with selectively targeting her and protecting the then minister of mines, Sabita Indra Reddy. Srilakshmi's counsel, V Surendar Rao, made this submission before a CBI court where he was seeking bail for his client.Srilakshmi was secretary of mines at the time when the GOs granting mining leases to Gali Janardhana Reddy's OMC company were issued.If issuing two GOs on the same day in a hurried manner was wrong then how come only the secretary was held responsible for the same, leaving aside the minister who also signed the said files on the same day, argued Srilakshmi's counsel.The officials who prepared the draft GO and the minister who signed the file were all only made witnesses in the case while Srilakshmi alone was declared an accused, Surendar said questioning the fairness of the move. If the minister had any doubts on the issue, she could have summoned the officials and sought necessary clarifications, the counsel said.But no such efforts were ever made by the minister who, it is common knowledge, was very close to the then chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy, the counsel said. Srilakshmi's predecessor, who issued the provisional lease to OMC, too, was not touched, he said.Surendar also told the court that the statement given to CBI by Sabita Indra Reddy was nothing but a pack of lies. It is not correct to say that Srilakshmi tried to hand over 25 more hectares (that were reserved for APMDC) to OMC as a letter from OMC management requesting access to this plot of land was sent to YSR, Srilakshmi's counsel said.This letter came to the secretary of mining via the chief minister's office and the office of the principal secretary of industries, Surendar said. My client has kept the letter aside and did not prepare any file on that, he said.Had she prepared such a file, the minister would have easily cleared this file also as she was very close to the then CM, Srilakshmi's counsel said. The counsel said that the captive mining clause was an invention of the CBI to implicate his client.He also urged the court to reject CBI's reasons for opposing his client's bail plea on the grounds that key information is still to be elicited from Gali's personal assistant, Ali Khan. Srilakshmi is under suspension and her husband is with the police academy which rules out the scope for either of them intimidating any witnesses, he claimed. Moreover, the counsel said that his client is a woman and suffering from several ailments and, hence, needs to be released on bail.B Ravindranath, counsel for CBI, told the court that Srilakshmi had played an important role in granting mining leases to OMC and in sidelining the company's rivals. Ali Khan used to frequently meet her and the disproportionate assets acquired by her brother-in-law are currently being probed, he said. T Pattabhi Rama Rao, the special judge, has reserved his orders to May 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13014669", "title": "Man arrested for offering cop Rs 20,000", "text": "MUMBAI: Usually, the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) of the Mumbai police lays traps to get hold of corrupt cops for accepting bribes, but on Saturday, it laid a trap and arrested contractor Nazeem Shaikh (34) and Farookh Shakur (45) of Sayyed Ali Miran Datar Dargah Trust at Reay Road for allegedly trying to bribe police inspector Anil Sardal of the Sewri police station. The duo tried to offer Sardal Rs 20,000 to help implicate trustees of the dargah in false theft cases.Police said Shaikh wanted to ensure that his firm, AK Shaikh &amp; Co, does not lose the three-decade-old contract it held with the trust. \"Shaikh's firm was given the contract of selling religious materials like nada, goda, copper rings and kadas at the dargah. In return, Shaikh had to pay a royalty to the dargah trust. He offered the bribe so that the trustees get trapped and he does not lose the contract,\" said Sardal.The trap to catch Shaikh was laid after the ACB received a complaint from Sardal three days ago. Sardal told the ACB that Shaikh would be visiting the Sewri police station on Saturday to give him 50% of the bribe amount. \"Sardal has showed that there are officials who want to keep the department clean,\" said Sewri police senior inspector Bharat Gaikwad.Hanif Nalkhande, one of the trustees of the dargah, claimed that the trust had decided to cancel Shaikh's contract after learning about some of his fraudulent activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13017335", "title": "Ex-Cong MP's aides bash up senior partymen in Bharatpur", "text": "JAIPUR: A Congress function in Bharatpur turned ugly on Saturday when nearly 50 youths led by former parliamentarian and ex-royal Vishvendra Singh bashed up senior partymen in the presence of party president Chandrabhan.As the youngsters smashed the venue's glass-gate, threw chairs and beat up anyone who came their way, the party workers surrounded and shielded Chandrabhan, parliamentary secretaries Zahida Khan, Giriraj Singh Malinga, Ramesh Meena, Ramkesh Meena, Bharatpur MP Ratan Singh, Karauli-Dholpur MP Khiladi Lal Bairwa and other local Congress leaders on the stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode/kannur", "code": "13015437", "title": "Rebel leader hacked, CPM men suspect", "text": "KOZHIKODE/KANNUR: Police suspect two local CPM leaders were involved in the murder of Revolutionary Marxist Party leader T P Chandrasekharan.Sources said one of them, a former area secretary, was instrumental in ousting Chandrasekharan from the CPM. The other, a current area secretary, was tasked with regaining lost area. Chandrasekharan became a persona non grata in the CPM after he rebelled.Police said both of them had informed the CPM leadership of a huge erosion of the party's membership in Vadakara mainly due to inroads made by the RMP into its strongholds. This could have led to a decision to murder Chandrasekharan using professional killers without getting directly involved in the conspiracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13016604", "title": "We're searching for a winning formula: Andrew", "text": "BANGALORE: Australian allrounder Andrew McDonald expressed confidence that Team Bangalore will find soon the right team mix.\"I think the team management is looking at is a bit of balance. When the wicket is seaming a bit and there is a bit of bounce probably I get in. If it is dry then Dilshan's off-spin comes in. We are mixing around with the team and searching for that ultimate balance and winning formula,\" said McDonald.McDonald said it is time that the Bangalore hit the winning curve. \"We probably need to get on to a winning streak now. We got six games left and we need to few more eight and half wins. That will help us to get close.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13016401", "title": "Chennai girls win Asian squash crown", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian squash players made history in Kuwait on Saturday capturing the women's crown at the Asian Team Championships, while the men fell short by a whisker, losing in a close encounter to Pakistan in the final. But the two teams reaching the final of the championship was history in itself, with the women's victory being the icing on the cake, as no team from the country has ever won an Asian crown, the best being a third place finish by both the men and women in 2010.The unprecedented feat had its foundations laid right here in the city. The women's squad of Dipika Pallikal, Joshna Chinappa, Anaka Alankamony and Aparajitha Balamurukan and the men's team of Saurav Ghosal, Siddharth Suchde, Harinder Pal Sandhu and Mahesh Mangaonkar have done the country proud. But Chennai has a bigger reason to celebrat. Six of the eight players either hail from the city or train here. In fact, the entire women's team is from Chennai, led by the country's top-ranked squash player Dipika. Former India No. 1 Joshna, junior Asian champion Anaka and upcoming talent Aparajitha complete the quartet. They took baby steps in the sport at the Indian Squash Academy (ISA) here and train at the premier coaching centre when they are not globetrotting, competing in the pro tour.They beat top seeds Hong Kong in straight matches in the final, a considerable achievement considering that their opponents were all higher ranked players. The men's loss to Pakistan was a shock as they were the top seeds in the tournament. Both Suchde and Ghosal fought gallantly, losing to their opponents in gruelling five games. their second-place finish is no mean achievement and the lynchpins of the squad - India No. 1 Ghosal and No. 3 player Harinder honed their skills in the city, training under national coaches Cyrus Poncha and Major Maniam at the ISA, the breeding ground for champion squash players in the country. In fact, Mumbai-based Suchde and Mangaonkar also train at the ISA every now and then, with most camps being held at the state-of-the-art facility. Coach Poncha, a proud man after his wards' victory, explained how ISA and Chennai have played a big role in changing the face of Indian squash. \"I came to Chennai and joined the academy in 2001. And in 11 years, I have seen the sport of squash grow by leaps and bounds in the country,\" said Poncha. \"The standards of our players have gone up too. In 2001, we were ranked No 15 in the world in the junior circuit while our senior players were not even in the top-50 in the world. Now we have three top-30 senior players while our junior national team is ranked No. 4 in the world and we are Asian champs,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kutianwali/kutabadh (haryana)", "code": "13016263", "title": "Youths want to shed dog tag on village names", "text": "KUTIANWALI/KUTABADH (HARYANA): What's in a name, many would ask. Plenty, if you ask the young generation of these two villages -- Kutianwali and Kutabadh which fall in Hisar and Sirsa districts of Haryana respectively. Kutianwali means a place which has a lot of \"bitches\" and Kutabadh means \"dog bite\".Uncomfortable with such outlandish names, now the youths of both these villages want these to be replaced with some meaningful ones. \"Whenever I mention the name of my village, the first poser I receive is 'can't we have a decent name?' and I am rendered speechless,\" said Sunil Nehra, a resident of Kutianwali, who studies engineering in a Hisar college.Now Sunil, along with other boys of his village, has made it a mission to get their village name changed. Tracing the history behind the name Kutianwali, village sarpanch Bir Singh told TOI, \"In pre-Independence era, the village was known as Sehajadpur but during the visit of a British officer, a bitch bit him severely.\"An anguished officer then ordered to name the village as Kutianwali,\" Bir Singh said. He also added that now on the request of village youths, the Panchayat has written to the authorities concerned to restore its original name Sehajadpur.Similarly, Amarbir Singh Brar, a student of polytechnic at Sirsa and a native of Kutabadh village near Ellanabad of Sirsa district, said that everyone scoffed at him whenever he mentioned the name of his village.\"Earlier, it was called 'Dhani' (a hamlet of fourfive houses). The owners used to have ferocious dogs and they bit passers-by and that is how the village derived its name. \"Dhani has turned into a big village now and is called Kutabadh,\" Brar added.Majority of the population of Kutabadh is dominated by the Sikh community and it shares its border with adjoining Punjab. He stated that the gram sabha have now resolved to change this outlandish name with something decent. Historian Dr M M Juneja said that in Haryana, people used to co-relate name of village or even name of their children with some specific event or things like Gulabo (who had pink complexion) or Bhateri (which means enough and used when more girl child were born).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi/chennai", "code": "13015780", "title": "After NCP, DMK says will back Pranab Mukherjee for President", "text": "NEW DELHI/CHENNAI: The Congress's Pranab Mukherjee dilemma has deepened. The M Karunanidhi-led DMK on Saturday endorsed the finance minister's name for Rashtrapati Bhavan, taking up a notch the pressure on the Congress from allies to pick the veteran for the top job despite worries about its implications for the UPA government.Days after Congress interlocutor A K Antony held discussions with Karunanidhi on the issue, Karunanidhi said, \"I have no objections, but it has not been decided yet. If he (Mukherjee) is a majority candidate, the DMK will support him.\"In fact, the Dravidian stalwart spoke of his special bond and persuasive powers with Mukherjee. \"I had got Pranab (to Tamil Nadu) even in 1969 to participate in a conference on state autonomy,\" he said. Antony had last week sounded out Karunanidhi on Mukherjee and Vice- President Hamid Ansari as the probable Congress candidates.The DMK statement comes on the back of indications from NCP sources that Mukherjee was more acceptable to them and points to a momentum building in favour of the finance minister's candidature.Even Mamata Banerjee's opposition to Ansari's bid can work to Mukherjee's advantage, although the Trinamool boss is not especially fond of the fellow Bengali. During her talks with Congress leaders, including party chief Sonia Gandhi, Banerjee is learnt to have said that she could not accept Ansari because of his proximity to the Left.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13022245", "title": "Amanpreet Chhina appointed President of NRI wing of PPP", "text": "AMRITSAR: People's Party of Punjab (PPP) has appointed Amanpreet Singh Chhina as president of the NRI Wing of the party.Chhina is an alumni of the University of Oxford where he was conferred upon with degree of MSc in Contemporary India.He got actively involved with PPP in December 2010. In a statement to media here today, Chinna claimed that he had recently represented and promoted the party in United Kingdom.He said Punjab is blessed with a huge number of NRIs who are well established economically, socially and even politically worldwide.PPP will take solid policy decisions to win back their trust and to encourage them to invest in various mega projects in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13020746", "title": "Sometimes films and even ads make me cry: Aamir Khan", "text": "The thinking Khan of Bollywood , Aamir Khan , is not one with a heart of steel. \"I'm an emotional person. I cry very easily,\" he revealed while on his visit to Kochi to promote his show Satyamev Jayate.The actor added that it was one of the things about him that people didn't know. \"They've seen me only in films where I need to cry only when my character does. But in real life, I don't see the need to hide my emotions. Films and even ads have made me cry,\" says Aamir.Aamir is busy with his television debut, but at the same time, he reveals that he prefers books to TV, during his free time. \"It's ironical, but I don't watch much of television or even movies. Maybe it has to do with the way I have been brought up. From childhood, my parents got me interested in reading more than in TV. Even now, when I get a bit of free time, I reach out for a book almost instinctively; I don't switch on the TV. I consume books at a very alarming pace.\" He also adds that the only time he watched TV with passion was as a kid - Doordarshan.It is not a wonder then that Aamir insisted on having his show aired on Doordarshan as well. \"I want it to reach as many people, all over the country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13014558", "title": "Gondia district administration pulls up Adani", "text": "GONDIA: The district administration has cracked the whip on the management of Adani Thermal Plant (ATP), asking it to repair the pipeline of an irrigation project it had allegedly damaged and submit a report within three days.Work on the water supply lines of ATP and Cherekhani Water Supply Project is going side by side. But for some technical reasons, the water supply to Chirekhani village was abandoned for the last three years. According to cultivators of this village, their supply line was damaged during the work of ATP about two years back. In spite of their several complaints, ATP did not bother to repair the damage. The water supply department said that since the line was damaged by Adani, it was their responsibility to repair it. And due to the damage, they were facing acute shortage of drinking water, villagers alleged.The villagers met the NCP MLC Rajendra Jain and explained their grievance to him. On May 2, he talked to the Adani management and threatened them that his party would launch an agitation if the damages were not repaired within three days. On May 3, the district collector Pradeep Kalbhor called a meeting of officials concerned and directed the ATP management to repair the water supply line of Chirekhani and report back to him within three days.Adani officials, however, claim that they are not guilty in the case. Adani's official dealing with the case, Jayant Ghike, said that the water supply lines of both projects are going parallel to each other, but the water project of Chirekhani was abandoned well before the pipeline work of ATP had begun. \"But even then we had repaired their entire infrastructure of water project, including electric equipment, at our cost. In spite of this, they misreported the facts to MLC Jain and the collector. We have shown progress of the repairs work to the executive engineer of water supply department on May 4, who expressed satisfaction about the ongoing work,\" he said. Executive engineer of water supply department JS Bhutange confirmed that although the repairs have not yet been completed, the progress was satisfactory.However, according to people of Tiroda tehsil, all this exercise is going on to improve the image of NCP in the district. Because the opposition parties are alleging that the irrigation department has allotted 90 million cubic meters of waters to ATP from Dhapewada lift irrigation project which was originally meant for irrigation, which could damage party's image among cultivators, all this exercise is being done, they claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014988", "title": "Delhi waits eagerly for fiery fight night", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the vibe and clamour around the weigh-in is any indication, then Delhi-ites can't wait to get their share of the Super Fight League. The craze and curiosity around the SFL, India's only professional Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) league, has steadily built after the opening bonanza in Mumbai and the subsequent round in Chandigarh.Book tickets for SFL | ScheduleThe third installment of the SFL, which will see Mallika Sherawat, Zarine Khan and Anushka Manchanda shimmying and swaying, kicks off on Sunday at the IGI Stadium in the Capital.The fighters picked for the Delhi round are everything that MMA stands for - fit, agile, entertaining and efficiently lethal.The big fight for the night is definitely between James Thompson and Bobby Lashley. This will be Thompson's second SFL main event - he beat Bob Sapp in Mumbai. Lashley is a former pro wrestler and is known to many in WWE for his exploits.Thompson, excited about fighting in India, admits he's not a great fighter. \"I'm not a very good fighter. I'm also very entertaining and I hope people enjoy watching me tomorrow,\" he said on the eve of the clash with Lashley.Thompson, who was a bouncer, a bodybuilder and a debt collector before he joined the world of MMA is well aware of what Lashley will bring to the fight. \"He's an experienced guy and I'll be focusing on more ground-and-pound,\" he stated.Lashley, on the other hand, has been working with Josh Barnett, which aided him in his key-lock submission victory over Karl Knothe in his latest bout. The American, who's struggling with dust allergies since arriving in India, will need to use his wrestling prowess against the better striker that is Thompson.The evening begins with a fight between Doug 'The Rhino' Marshall and Zelg 'Benkei' Galesic. Then comes up Gurdarshan Mangat against Liu Si Cong. Training under Silas Maynard from Fighters Unite-Shanghai, 21 year old Chinese prospect Cong will be bringing everything to the cage in his debut MMA fight against the undefeated Mangat.Lakhwinder 'Lightning' Singh Sekhon has had a storming start to his MMA career, winning all three of his fights in a combined time of less than four minutes and not a single fight going past the 90 second mark. Residing in West London but fighting out of team Nova Forca in Epsom, England, Sekhon goes into every bout looking to finish it as quickly as possible and already has a 'knockout of the night' award from his first fight in SFL 1. In Delhi, he takes on Vladimir Byandov, who isn't that experienced but could potentially surprise him.The other fighters to watch out are Delhi boy Anup 'Pitbull' Kumar and the women fighters, Scotland's Joanne Calderwood and Ukrainian Lena Ovchynnikova.If ever there was a poster boy for MMA in India, it is Kultar Singh Gill. Known as the Black Mamba, Gill has been the lone Indian representative in leagues around the world and when the chance came to fight in India, the Canadian-Indian couldn't say no.\"There's no way I would've given up this gig. This is India and this is where my family is,\" the prison-warden who is a part-time MMA fighter now said. Witty and he knows it, Gill has only these words for his opponent Quentin Aredse: \"I'm going to hurt you. If you beat me, I'm going to hurt you more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13014825", "title": "Taking pills? Doctors warn on natural supplements", "text": "MUMBAI: When a corporate executive recently landed in the emergency ward of Hiranandani Hospital in Powai with palpitations, doctors first checked his heart. When tests ruled out any cardiac problem, they found an unlikely culprit-too many cups of green tea. \"After talking to him, we realized he had had over a dozen cups of green tea within the span of a few hours,'' said cardiologist Ganesh Kumar.Some brands of green tea contain caffeine, an agent that boosts heart rate. \"Green tea is supposed to be a natural agent to control blood pressure, weight, etc, but everything has to be consumed in the right measure,'' Dr Kumar said.As the natural or herbal revolution gains in popularity, doctors believe it's time to sound a health warning, especially to patients already on various allopathic medications. Studies have shown that seemingly harmless suppleme nts can have dangerous side-effects when consumed in excess.Garlic is a natural way to keep BP in check, but it may not always be good for those taking blood-thinning pills.Similarly, using fenugreek seeds in your food is the natural and easiest way to control the release of sugar (from your food) into the bloodstream. But, as nutritionist Shilpa Joshi has found among diabetic patients, the tendency is to be liberal in using the methi seeds. \"Some add so much of fenugreek to their food that their blood sugar drops all of a sudden to alarming levels,'' she said.The latest edition of 'Alternative and Complementary Therapies' has pharmacist Catherine Ulbricht from Massachusetts General Hospital spelling out the potential dangers of mixing herbal supplements and therapeutic agents; their interaction can diminish or increase drug levels. \"'Natural' does not equal 'safe,'\" she said in the article. \"If something has a therapeutic action in a human body, this substance can also cause a reaction or an interaction,\" she added.Her article lists out common examples such as an increased risk of significant bleeding associated with garlic, ginkgo, ginger, and saw palmetto supplements; decreased blood sugar as a result of cinnamon, whey protein and others; hormonal effects of dong quai and saw palmetto; and elevated blood pressure caused by hawthorn and green tea.A study by the American Society of Plastic Surgeons in 2006 showed that many \"harmless\" supplements could have dangerous side-effects. An article in the February 2006 issue of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery found approximately 55% of plastic surgery patients (compared to 24% of the general public ) took supplements but did not tell their surgeons. \"Chondroitin is often used to treat osteoarthritis. People using chondroitin may suffer from bleeding complications during surgery, particularly when used in combination with doctor-prescribed blood-thinning medications,'' the piece said. \"Ephedra has been known to promote weight loss , increase energy and treat respiratory tract conditions such as asthma and bronchitis. This agent has been banned by the US Food and Drug Administration because it can raise blood pressure, heart rate and metabolic rate, ultimately causing heart attacks , heart arrhythmia, stroke and even death,\" the study added.But there are some like nutritionist Naini Setalvad who maintain that natural is totally safe. \"There are no side-effects to natural supplements. It is all a ploy of the pharmaceutical industry to check the growing popularity of natural herbs and supplements,'' she said.Most Indian patients have their grandmother's nuska packed in their medicinal chest, and use haldi as a disinfectant or ginger as an antiseptic. Orthopaedic surgeon Dr Sanjeev Agarwala, who heads the department at Hinduja Hospital, said, \"We are more comfortable with natural supplements than with proprietary (branded) drugs because of our heritage that is steeped in Ayurveda. But there is little scientific evidence to support this belief.\" He offers a scientific reason to doubt the natural-is-safe claim: \"Most herbal and natural supplements are alkaloid in nature and could be poisonous unless proven otherwise.''According to nutritionist Shilpa Joshi, people should always inform their doctors about the supplements they are taking. \"We take natural or Ayurvedic stuff thinking these are ghar ka nuska, but if taken with other medications and in high concentrations, it can be potent. If we consult doctors on such issues, the doctor can change the dosages of either his medication or give the right amount of supplements that is needed for the patient concerned.'' In others, customise the dosages of herbal supplements and branded drugs.Commonly used supplementsEphedra or somlata, which Ayurvedic physicians believe was the source of somras, is widely used to control asthma, heart problems, rheumatismGinkgo biloba, found in Kashmir as Aziz tree, is used to treat brain disorders, enhance memory or control vitiligo (a skin disease)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015306", "title": "Troubled opt for tried &amp; tested methods: Experts", "text": "NEW DELHI: A series of suicide attempts, including the retired government official's bid to kill himself at INA Metro Station, points to an alarming trend of troubled individuals turning to the Metro to end their lives. Saturday's incident is not only the third such incident in three days, but also the ninth this year. Mental health professionals say similar trends are visible globally and they arise simply because the method in question is tried and tested.\"Suicidal people are scared of failing in their attempt because they don't want to face repercussions like seeing family members hurt, dealing with the stigma of being suicidal or even excruciating physical pain. Once they see that a method has worked for one individual, they are inclined to try it themselves,\" says psychiatrist Dr Avdesh Sharma.Adding to that, Dr Dherandra Kumar, director, Psyindia, says, \"Any information on modes of suicides can prompt people with depression or suicidal tendencies to use them, so chances of trying a way that has proven to be successful are higher. Men's tendency to attempt suicide at Metro stations is more than women's as the method is more lethal\".Terming the trend \"copy cat suicides\", Dr Jitendra Nagpal, a consultant psychiatrist at Moolchand Medcity, says, \"Metro stations are spread across the city so they are more accessible than railway stations. They pass through congested areas where people are less likely to notice someone.\"But suicide attempts at Metro stations aren't just about convenience. Dr Sharma says that often people want to spare their family the shame by going away from their home and leaving behind nothing that can identify them. He adds that suicidal people need to realize no method is truly fool-proof - even jumping in front of a train. They should seek help instead of doing something they may regret.Metro officials say they are trying to address the situation and see how the trend can be stopped. \"We are planning to have platform screen doors at six Metro stations and our drivers are well-trained to use emergency brakes when they see something untoward. But in most cases there is little time to react,\" says a DMRC spokesperson.The onus of preventing such incidents, however, doesn't rest solely on the authorities. \"People crave human contact. One needs to focus on the body language of people and see if they are standing too close to the lines or if they show signs of withdrawal. A simple hello or a smile at somebody can go a long way in preventing such bids,\" says Dr Nagpal. \"Security personnel should be more vigilant and keep an eye out for people who look distraught,\" adds Dr Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015456", "title": "Producer accused of breach of agreement", "text": "HYDERABAD: A film distributor, in his complaint to the Central Crime Station (CCS) on Saturday, accused movie producer Bandla Ganesh of not honoring the oral agreement for overseas screening rights of 'Teenmar' movie.However, deputy commissioner of police (CCS) John Victor said that no case was registered against Ganesh. Film distributor N Subba Rao said that he paid Rs 2.4 crore to Ganesh to obtain overseas rights of Pavan Kalyan-Trisha starrer 'Teenmaar'.\"In the agreement, Ganesh promised that he would repay me Rs 90 lakh even if the movie fails to do well. Besides, Ganesh failed to deliver me the print of the movie at the promised time due to which, I suffered severe losses\", Subba Rao said.According to him, it was by 5 pm of April 12 that Ganesh was supposed to have delivered him the print. But he got it in the morning of April 13.\"I asked Ganesh on several occasions to pay the agreed amount but he never cared to keep his word. I also approached AP Film Chambers to settle the issue but in vain,'' Subba Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "13015821", "title": "As pet goes missing, boy refuses to eat", "text": "SBS NAGAR: It's been three days since anyone in the family of Prabhjot Kaur of Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar (SBS Nagar) has smiled. Limo, their three-month-old pug, who's like a son, has been stolen.A teacher with a government school, Prabhjot Kaur said for the past two months limo has been living with them. \"He was a month-old when we got it from our family friend,\" said Prabhjot. On May 2, around 8.15pm she saw Limo for the last time. At 8.30pm, one of their relatives came home and she wanted him to meet the new member of the family, but Limo was nowhere to be found.All of them searched for him, but to no avail. Now, she said, they are going to lodge a complaint with the police. Her daughter Japkirat Kaur said, \"I was so attached with Limo and he used to sleep with me.\"She added that the main gate of their house is little high and Limo might have crawled under it before being picked up. Her brother Sukhsagar Singh said though Limo didn't stay with them for long, he was so attached with him that he doesn't feel like eating anymore. He said, \"The name of Limo is derived from limousine. I had even uploaded the picture of Limo on Facebook and hopes that one day an angel will come and give him back,\" said Sukhsagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13016230", "title": "Water cooperatives help quench Olavanna's thirst", "text": "KOZHIKODE: If it weren't for the drinking water cooperatives set up here 22 years ago, Olavanna too may have had stories to tell of water scarcity. This panchayat is located on a hilly terrain near the city, and faced acute drinking water shortage during summer months once upon a time. But the people here found a unique solution to this problem through an innovative experiment.It all began in 1990 when members of 23 households in the panchayat decided to form the first drinking water society here. They dug wells in the most ideal locations -- on slopes or in the valley -- and pumped water into small overhead tanks. From here people began drawing water through small networks of pipes. Each network was financed and managed by people who had formed the registered societies and contributed to the initial investment.Now there are 70 drinking water societies operating in the 30 hillocks in the panchayat, providing water to over 14,000 households in the region. Water being pumped from 70 wells, is stored in 70 water tanks, each with over 5,000-litre capacity. The users pay maintenance charge to the cooperative.\"Water scarcity was acute in the panchayat. During the summer, even the water in the valley was bad owing to saltwater intrusion. It was the residents here who had come up with the idea of water societies,\" said K Sugathan, panchayat president. The first of the societies was constituted in 1990 with twenty-three participating households, said Sugathan., of which some are beneficiary-financed and some are established by the local block or village panchayats, he added.The tanks are connected with the houses of the beneficiaries using water supply pipes. The number of houses depending on each of these wells depends on the number of houses in the premise. \"While a few of the wells and tanks are used by 50 households, many of the tanks are used by 100-150 houses,\" said the panchayat president.The water societies take decisions on the maintenance and upkeep of the wells and the tanks. The general body and executive committee of the society are made up of the member families. While general body meetings are convened thrice a year, the executive committee meets every month to monitor the functioning of the water cooperatives.Members of the general body of the society are elected every year. The panchayat also earmarks fund for repairing and cleaning the wells and tanks.Though the quantity of water each household gets has been declining owing to the increasing number of households in the area, the water societies have been helping us to fight water shortage to a great extent, said some of the members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13014519", "title": "Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve census: Five women among 149 volunteers", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Stage is all set for the 24-hour long wildlife counting exercise, known as machan census, at the Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) on Sunday.This year 149 NGO activists and wildlife enthusiasts will take part in the census. \"We have received over 300 entries for waterhole census from NGOs and wildlife activists, where as TATR only have 139 machans. Many volunteers themselves withdrew their nominations, while some NGOs were requested to curtail their number of entries. In the end 149 names of non-government volunteers were finalized for waterhole census,\" said field director and CCF of TATR Vinay Kumar Sinha.He informed that volunteers selected for machan census include five women. They will be posted at stronger and permanent machans. \"Each of the volunteer will be accompanied by a forest guard or a forest labourer retained on yearly basis. Women guards will accompany women volunteers on the machans,\" he said.For first time this year the park management has decided to continue the regular tourism during waterhole census. On earlier instances the tourism was banned for the day of waterhole census, but this year authorities have decided otherwise. \"Most of the waterholes are not exposed to tourists, hence tourism poses little obstruction to machan census. Moreover, several tourists already have made advance booking for safari; last moment cancellation would create an uproar. Tourism is regular activity and I think it should not be hindered for census purpose,\" said Sinha.\"Many aspirants thronged TATR office on Saturday afternoon to check the list of volunteers and the assigned waterhole. The machans were randomly selected for the non-government participants without any favours,\" Sinha said. Last year 95 wildlife buffs had taken part in the waterhole census in TATR.TATR has asked the listed volunteers to report at respective gates at 9am on Sunday. Vehicles of forest department will carry the volunteers to their respective machans. Volunteers have been asked to avoid cloths with vibrant colours and carry anti-dehydrates and insect repellent. Drinking liquor is prohibited during census.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014885", "title": "Visa on arrival list expanded to woo tourists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking India's Tourist Visa on Arrival (TVoA) policy to a new level, the ministry of external affairs (MEA) has approved the facility for residents of France, Germany and Russia. Now, TVoA is given to residents of only 11 countries, of which only two - Finland and Luxembourg - are in Europe.New Zealand is the only other non-Asian country to enjoy the facility. Confirming the development to TOI, MEA sources said the decision will help the government meet its objective to double the international tourist footfall in the next three-four years. This is the first time India's TVoA policy will cover P5 countries in the form of France and Russia.\"After the go-ahead from MEA, the proposal has been sent to the Union home ministry as the final TVoA clearing authority is its Bureau of Immigration but that is a mere formality,\" said a source, adding that there was a consensus among all ministries involved in extending the policy to these three countries.\"The criteria for providing the facility to any country include security implication - how much is the presence in that country of people inimical to India's interests - and tourist inflow from there. These three major countries made the cut but 6 other nations too will soon get the approval,\" added the source.The names of these countries are not yet confirmed, but these may include Spain and Malta . There still, however, seems no consensus within the government on including the names of some central Asian countries in the list. \"In this regard, names of countries like Kazakhstan and Ukraine are being discussed positively, but they may have to wait for a while,\" said an official.TOI had reported in January that the TVoA could be extended to include 13 other countries, including France, Germany and Russia, after a review of the policy by the PMO in which it was decided that security concerns should not necessarily hamper the extension of the policy.The government is also not looking at mutual reciprocity in extending the policy as France, Germany and Russia don't offer VoA to Indians. As an official said, the main idea is to attract international tourist traffic and turn India into a major tourist destination.India currently issues VoA to 11 countries like Japan, Indonesia , the Philippines , Cambodia , Laos , Vietnam , Singapore , Myanmar , Finland, Luxembourg and New Zealand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13026485", "title": "Devi Sri is the king of items: Ram Charan", "text": "Ram Charan has just completed shooting for an item number with the sizzling Shwetha Bharadwaj, and looks like he loved it. The item number to be specific. He singled out music director for lavish praise and went on to call him \"the king of items\". \"just shot for an item no. in Yavadu.u'll definitely need sumthing to cool u down ones u see the song.thanks DSP (THE KING OF ITEMS),\" Ram Charan posted on Twitter.The actor has just begun shooting for Yevadu. Samantha and Amy Jackson are playing lead roles in this film and Allu Arjun is going to make a cameo. Vamshi Paidipally is directing the film and Dil Raju is producing it. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music for the first time for Ram Charan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13016611", "title": "Woman jumps off moving train to grab robbers, 3 held", "text": "JAIPUR: In a dare devil act, a 48-year-old woman jumped off a moving train to catch the robbers who snatched her gold chain in Udaipur district on Saturday. Though she sustained fractures after falling from the train, she managed to grab the men with the help of passengers and GRP personnel. The accused were handed over to the police and the gold chain was also recovered.The incident took place on Saturday afternoon between Badi Sadari and Mavli junction in Udaipur district. The passenger train, which covers its distance of 80 km in a nominal speed of 40 km/hour was on its way to Badi Sadari. A woman, Sugna Devi (48), went to the toilet in the general compartment. Later when she came out, three robbers asked her to give them her gold chain. When she resisted, one of the robbers snatched her chain and jumped off the moving train, police said.\"The woman too jumped off the train and later some of the passengers pulled the chain and many people gathered on the spot. I was also travelling in the train. The three robbers were arrested and the gold chain was recovered from them,\" said Seetaram Vaishanv, incharge, GRP police station, Mavli.The woman has sustained two fractures on her hands and was rushed to the government hospital.All the passengers also came out of the train and some of them even thrashed the robbers.The three robbers were identified as Rahul(18), Chetan(20) and Farookh(19) who boarded the train from Kanor railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "13015930", "title": "\u2018My books explore his life\u2019", "text": "BRS NAGAR: A resident of BRS Nagar, Manu Sharma Sohal, who fell in love with Shiv Kumar Balavi's works, said, \"I did my graduation from Delhi University, but in 1970 my family migrated to Ludhiana. In 1973, I came across Shiv Kumar Batalvi's writings and was highly influenced.\"She added, \"I knew Punjabi but was not fluent in the language so to learn Punjabi well I pursued post graduation in Giani and after completing my degree I did my doctorate on the comparative study on the work of Shiv Kumar Batalvi and Gopal Dass Neeraj.\"She said, \"My new book would explore his life in new and different way. Most people relate Batalvi with romantic poetry, but in my new book I highlight the fact that Batalvi dedicated his poetry to women, peace and harmony.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13024424", "title": "Attendants of patients seek action against junior doctors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Attendants of several patients demonstrated outside the Kotwali police station on Sunday, demanding action against junior doctors who had allegedly some of them during a brawl at the medicine ward of SRN Hospital on Saturday.According to reports, Fauzia, wife of Riyaz, a resident of Mohatsimganj, was admitted in the medicine ward of the hospital on Saturday with a bleeding nose. The attendants accused that the junior doctors were unkind to the patient and she had to suffer pain.This led to heated arguments between two sides. An attendant reportedly misbehaved with a junior doctor. The junior doctors lost their cool and allegedly thrashed the attendants.The hospital authorities claimed that a committee has been constituted to probe the incident. A senior doctor said that attendants were repeatedly interfering in the treatment of the patient due to which a squabble took place between the two parties.The attendants had demanded the police to register a case against junior doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13017253", "title": "Politicians understand language of votes", "text": "Bureaucrat-turned-politician Jayaprakash Narayan is the lone MLA of the Loksatta party in Andhra Pradesh. In Bangalore on Saturday to campaign for urban planning expert Ashwin Mahesh who is contesting the legislative council elections, Narayan feels the people of Karnataka are receptive to change as regards corruption though they haven't yet voted in anyone from the party.How different are Loksatta and Anna Hazare's campaigns against corruption?It's a difference of perception. Anna wants an omnipotent institution, an ombudsman to fight corruption. Loksatta's stand is for an independent mechanism as nobody can be a super king here. You must have various institutional mechanisms. The exuberance to get public support by Anna's Indian Against Corruption has led to hatred of elected bodies. We must realize that politicians are one of us and they cannot be rejected. In fact, Loksatta supported Anna's movement against corruption in Maharashtra. Mahatma Gandhi and M Visvesvaraya were also politicians who did not contest elections. You cannot reject politicians.What's it like to be the lone MLA of your party in the AP assembly?I don't feel alone as outside there are tens of thousands of people who want something from politics There's a wrong notion that all politicians are villains are from Mars. This is the middle class angst coming across. There are many elected from traditional parties who want to do a lot of good but are enmeshed in a vicious circle. They understand only the language of votes, have taken a vow to survive and don't like to see change at the risk of losing votes.Why can't parties like Loksatta and their candidates connect with rural populace and are just seen as good for armchair debates?Democracy has always come from the middle class. Who were the first freedom fighters ? They were urban middle class Indians . Loksatta's fight is not to get people into the legislature but to fight for India.As candidate of a fledgling party, how did you manage to win the election in the face of money and muscle power?I spent Rs 4.5 lakh on my election campaign . At the counting centre, my opponent from a key political party was sitting next to me. When I expressed my ignorance about him, he said: \"I've spent crores to contest against you.\"As an MLA, you lodged a symbolic protest in February against the inter-state movement of rice by symbolically selling rice across the Andhra border in Kolar. As a bureaucrat , what would have been your stand if you were the implementing authority?I've done this as a bureaucrat too. When I was collector of East Godavari district, a minister wanted disciplinary action against a colleague who reported to me. As I felt it was not justified, I refused to implement it. The minister came for an inspection and before leaving, wanted to have a word with me. I said: 'Sir, I know what you want' and took out the order which he had sent to me. I then did something which was rude and unthinkable. I tore that order and said, 'If you send such things in future, either I remain as a bureaucrat or you as a minister' . He just folded his hands and left the place.Has your stint in the bureaucracy come in handy to get work done in the constituency ?Not so, as the system is so centralized and you are powerless. That's why even senior leaders are seen as failures in their constituencies. People think you are the maharajah, and say, 'We have voted, now you deliver' . This is why a CM or a PM might be popular for their administration, but in their respective constituencies they would have failed as legislators. In the game of power, the rules are not changed, only players change. If it is not BS Yeddyurappa , it is DV Sadananda Gowda or Siddaramaiah or G Parameshwara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13016015", "title": "Anna Arch to be demolished", "text": "CHENNAI: It will be official on Thursday. The highways department will cross its last hurdle-the Chennai Corporation's green signal through a council resolution-to pull down the landmark Anna Arch, to make way for two flyovers and a subway.The corporation council is all set to pass a resolution on May 10, allowing the highways department to demolish the arch built in 1985. They have also allowed the department to rebuild the arch and reinstate the statue of former chief minister C Annadurai, after they complete building the flyovers. \"The Anna statue can be in the care of the department, and they can reinstate it at a location they deem fit,\" states the resolution to be passed by the council.TOI on March 26 reported the highways department proposal to remove the arch. The department had initially feared that they may have to relocate the arch. \"Relocation will be expensive and is not feasible, but there could be political pressure,\" an official had told TOI earlier.The removal of the arch has been necessitated by the two proposed 'L' shaped flyovers, part of a Rs 117crore project, to connect Nelson Manickam Road with Anna Nagar and EVR Salai. The flyovers will allow the removal of the signals at Anna Arch and Nelson Manickam Road, where commuters have to sometimes wait for more than 15 minutes to cross the two junctions.Citizens felt both sad and happy about the development. \"It will be bad to see Anna Arch go,\" said Mathuvanthi Yeshwath, a resident of Soundarya Colony in Anna Nagar. \"I have seen it from the day I can remember Chennai, but if they are going to reinstall it, I guess it's alright. The traffic situation needs to improve.\"Rachana B, a resident of Shanthi Colony, said it was probably inevitable. \"It is quite a beautiful landmark,\" she said, \"but the traffic here is so terrible that we don't often notice its beauty. If its removal makes the drive shorter, it's fine.The corporation council will also pass a resolution to appoint an interior design firm for any new building that will be built by the civic body. The corporation has shortlisted 8 companies for this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13016168", "title": "Weavers bleed as powerlooms shut over tariff", "text": "COIMBATORE: The ongoing indefinite strike by more than 35,000 powerloom units in Coimbatore and Tirupur districts entered third day on Saturday. The powerloom owners are on a strike demanding revision of new power tariff introduced by the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) recently.The strike has crippled the weaving industry causing a loss of Rs 48 crore a day, said R Velusamy, president, Coimbatore - Tirupur Power loom Owners Joint Committee.Since the power loom units refused to pay the revised tariff, the power distribution agency has disconnected power supply for about 500 units recently and the process is continuing, he said.As per the previous tariff, the power loom units were exempted from paying for power consumption from 1 to 500 units. The industry was charged Rs1 for consumption of 500 to 1,000 units and Rs 2.25 from 1000 to 1550 units. Similarly the agency charged Rs 2.50 for 2000 units and more for power consumption, Velusamy said.\"However, after the revision, while below 500 units were exempted from payment; Rs 4 was charged for 500 per unit and more. This hike is unacceptable as power loom units are working on a very low profit,\" he added.A small unit with six looms would at least require 1,000 units per month and bigger units with 20 looms require more than 6,000 units of power. With revised tariff, the power looms would incur huge cost, he said. The government has given concession to those units that requires less than 10hp. However, we demand the concession be extended to other power loom units as well, he added.He said the increase in power tariff has increased the production cost by 110%. \"Recently the textile mills and power loom units had agreed for 35% of wage revision. However, with increase in the electricity charges, the power loom units are facing are finding difficult to meet the promise,\" he noted.Around five lakh people are depended on power loom units and if the government was not coming out with a concessional tariff and prepare a bailout package, the strike will continue, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015667", "title": "Residents clean up mess at Mehrauli heritage park", "text": "NEW DELHI: The view from the terraces of the apartments in the Mehrauli-Dadabari area can take your breath away. Amidst the sprawling greenery of the Mehrauli Archaeological Park are some very old monuments that have survived the ravages of weather and time.This pretty picture gets spoilt quickly as one steps on the pathways leading into a property which dates back to the 11th century. The area, running along the periphery of the park, is filled with mounds of construction rubble. Plastic bags, bottles, cartons and garbage are strewn across the entire area. It is this sight that has forced the residents of the area to come out and with brooms and garbage bags.After repeated attempts to wake up the authorities failed, a handful of residents of the area started a cleaning drive on Saturday. Equipped with brooms, gloves and polybags, they spent the early hours of Saturday picking clearing the mess and cleaning the area.\"The basic idea is to have clean open spaces. And this is not the responsibility of the authorities alone. The residents too need to be aware that they should not dump garbage wherever they like,\" said Komal Mathur, the main force behind the drive.A lot of garbage has also found its way into the park that is home to almost 300 historical buildings, including Lodhi period tombs like Rajaon Ki Baoli and Jamali Kamali besides others. While the monument premises remain litter-free, the park is filled with the refuse.\"Tractors come in and dump rubble. Many times, the residents have also dumped garbage here. The area is beautiful; it has such rich heritage, greenery and monuments and still it has become a dumping area. Through this we want everyone - residents and authorities - to contribute towards maintenance of the area. If required and given the permission, we shall pitch in with our help in cleaning the park as well,\" said Lagan Rai McPereira, another resident.While the land owning agency of the park is the Delhi Development Authority (DDA), there is an area outside the park that remains a matter of dispute between them and the private owner. Officials at DDA said, \"Whatever is in our control, we are doing. We also maintain the park area, but beyond that the responsibility is MCD's\".Former mayor of Delhi Satbir Singh said MCD had earlier tried to clean the place but they faced resistance as the land is under dispute. \"We tried earlier but were not allowed to clean the place,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13015812", "title": "La Marts on last-minute agenda of Hillary Clinton's visit", "text": "KOLKATA: It's women all the way for Hillary Clinton . Among the world's most powerful women herself, the wife of former American President Bill Clinton wanted to meet a group of schoolgirls in Kolkata during her second visit to the city - the first being in 1997 when she attended Mother Teresa's funeral as the US first lady. Her wish has led to a last-minute change in the US secretary of state's itinerary in Kolkata with the inclusion of a visit to La Martiniere for Girls School where she will drop by before going on to meet Bengal's first woman chief minister.It's another matter that the last-minute inclusion in the super-powerful Hillary Clinton's schedule took the authorities of La Martiniere for Girls completely off guard. The US secretary of state will visit the school which completed 175 years last year.Hillary is likely to reach the girls' school premises around 9am on Monday and meet the students. Sources revealed that Hillary had wished to meet a group of students from Kolkata at a city school. The US consulate, therefore, shortlisted three or four schools over the past week and chose La Martiniere for Girls on Saturday afternoon and decided to inform the school authorities immediately.The school authorities went into a flurry of activity when they were informed about Hillary's visit. One of the most tasking jobs was to declare a holiday, but the bigger task was to inform the students - especially the younger ones - about the sudden holiday.The school has been particular about such short-notice holidays and stayed open except for the unscheduled bandhs and strikes. Students were informed and guardians text-messaged through networking. The boys' school will, however, remain open.The school's gates will be closed soon after Hillary reaches the premises on UN Bramhachari Street. Visitors and the media would be barred from entering the school.Established in 1836, La Martiniere for Girls is deemed to be one of the most premiere institutions in the country. In a national survey, the school was rated the best girls' school in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13017194", "title": "Authority to focus on stuck projects", "text": "NOIDA: A day after the Uttar Pradesh government appointed Sanjeev Saran as the chairman and CEO for Noida, the new chief drew up a roadmap for completion of all projects that are stuck. The officer also outlined plans to clean up the city besides making it greener. He also directed his team of engineers to repair and take up maintenance of city roads on a war footing.The focus will be on public projects and those that affect the lives of people on a day-to-day basis besides the five projects on the CM's priority list. \"Issues that directly affect the common man, including connectivity of roads, public transport, sanitation and horticulture, will be given precedence,\" Saran said.\"The Authority will ensure that basic facilities are provided before any new sectors are developed,\" Saran said. The CEO has directed officials to launch a 15-day cleanliness campaign starting Monday. \"Noida boasts a slogan-clean and green Noida-which I will reinforce,\" Saran said. \"From Monday, the city will be swept clean and citizens will see the difference,\" he added. \"Having witnessed the sorry state of roads in Noida, I have directed my engineers to take up the repair and restoration work immediately. In the next phase, we will start upgrade of the road network by planning flyovers and underpasses,\" Saran added. \"Out-of-order streetlights will be repaired and drains cleared up,\" he added.In a meeting of all the heads of departments on Saturday, he said the Authority will look at the projects launched during the previous BSP regime which were now stalled. But, he added, they will be reviewed in detail. The CEO has asked officials to present details of all work orders of over Rs 1 crore given after December 15, 2011, by Monday. He said all the policy decisions taken during the previous party's tenure will be examined.Talking about the developmental projects, which have been pending since the new Samajwadi Party took over, the CEO laid stress on pushing the important projects towards completion. Projects like the extension of Metro route, which is part of the Phase-III DMRC plan, and is awaiting signing of the MoU, will be taken up. \"During my last tenure, the Authority had inked the MoU with the DMRC in 2006, and we will soon hold a meeting with DMRC to take the project forward,\" Saran said.The widening of NH-24 and the go-ahead for building underpasses as well as flyovers along the route will also fast tracked. Another project that the Noida chief plans to put a stamp of approval on is the alternative bridge that has to be constructed at Kalindi Kunj over the Okhla barrage. A decision on the toll for the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway will also be taken. \"We will soon fix a date for the much delayed board meeting, where we will finalize the budget for this year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014676", "title": "Three held for selling fake gold bricks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three persons have been arrested for allegedly duping people by selling them fake gold bricks. The accused were caught after they recently called up a businessman whom they had already duped a year ago. The businessman recognized the voice, agreed to buy the brick again and tipped off police.The arrested have been identified as Harun (26), Unnas Khan (30) and Shahbuddin (51) from Rajasthan. \"They were involved in several cases of cheating. Their modus operandi was to call up and tell people that they had found gold bricks buried in their field and wanted to sell these at a cheaper rate than the market because they needed money urgently,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya sharma.Sharma added that when the person would agree to buy the gold brick, they would call him at some place and would give him a piece of the brick to get it tested. \"That piece used to be genuine, but later they would give him a copper brick for around Rs 6-7 lakh,\" she said.Police said they had received a complaint on May 4 from the businessman that some people had promised to sell him original gold bricks but handed over fake ones around a year ago. But around three months ago, he again got a call from the same people for the same purpose. The complainant recognized their voice and struck a deal with them. As the accused called him to Mahipalpur for the delivery, the businessman informed police. Cops laid a trap and arrested the accused.Earlier, the victim told cops that, the accused gavee him three small pieces of gold and claimed that the same were cut pieces of gold brick to be sold to. He got the said samples tested in Chennai and when it turned out to be 20-caret-gold, he agreed to purchase the gold brick at Rs. 7 lacs per brick. He met the accused a few days later and purchased two gold bricks and gave them Rs. 14 lacs. Later, he came to know that it was not gold bricks rather the same were made of copper. He tried to contact the accused and his associates but they could not be traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "charlotte (usa)", "code": "13021689", "title": "Atwal drops to tied 42nd in Wells Fargo", "text": "CHARLOTTE (USA): Indian golfer Arjun Atwal endured a tough day, carding a three-over 75 in the third round to slip from overnight tied 10th to tied 42nd at the Wells Fargo Championship.Atwal is now four-under 212 for 54 holes and will need a brilliant final round for a decent finish. Atwal bogeyed the third and fourth and dropped another stroke on the eighth after a birdie on seventh.On the back-nine, he birdied the 10th but gave away bogeys on 15th and 18th.Webb Simpson, who lives close to the course, took the lead with a round of 69 that put him at 14-under 202. He led Ryan Moore (68) and DA Points (69) by one shot.They were followed by Rory McIlroy (66) who made the big move yesterday. McIlroy's 66 saw him move to 12-under 204 alongside Nick Watney (72).Ten players were separated by 10 shots going into the final round. Two years ago McIlroy made the cut on the number and then shot 62 on final day to win the title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13016400", "title": "Justice Thomas to complain against Kerala water resources minister in apex court", "text": "KOCHI: Justice K T Thomas, who was nominated by Kerala to the empowered panel on Mullaperiyar dam dispute, plans to complain to the Supreme Court against the state water resources minister P J Joseph. Joseph had reportedly stated that the views of Justice Thomas, reflected in the panel report submitted to the Supreme Court, were against the interests of Kerala.\"Joseph had not said in what manner I was against the interests of Kerala. I have been appointed by the Supreme Court as a member of the committee to study the Mullaperiyar dam dispute independently and fearlessly, which I have done. I can't write report the way he wants,'' Justice Thomas said.\"Even though Kerala government had recommended my name to the empowered committee, I have not been nominated to plead the case of the state. Kerala government had appointed advocates for this and they have done their job. We, as the panel members, were mandated to take decisions based on the arguments presented by advocates from both states,'' he said.Justice Thomas said the panel had come to the conclusion that the dam was safe after studying the findings of experts.When his attention was drawn to the reports that Kerala had questioned the neutrality of Dr Thatte, a panel expert, Justice Thomas said, barring some media reports, Kerala government had not given any written complaints against former secretary to the ministry of water resources C D Thatte. \"We can't say that all those who report that the existing dam is safe, are against the interests of Kerala. All experts, who had examined the dam, said it is safe now. If Kerala wanted to say that dam was unsafe, it should have come up with supportive evidences from experts,'' he said.Justice Thomas claimed the panel report had averted the possible deterioration of the relation between Kerala and Tamil Nadu law. \"Had we reported that the dam is unsafe, people would have panicked thus forcing the government to remove water stored in the dam. This would have, in turn, led to furious protests and counter fights in both states,\" he argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13018179", "title": "Statistical highlights of the Kings XI Punjab-Rajasthan Royals IPL match", "text": "MOHALI: Statistical highlights of the Indian Premier League match Kings XI Punjab and Rajasthan Royals on Saturday.# Piyush Chawla is the top wicket-taker for Kings XI Punjab in the IPL 5, taking 14 at 20.42 runs apiece in 11 matches.# For Rajasthan Royals, Kevon Cooper, Brad Hogg and Amit Singh have each taken ten wickets in the IPL 5.# Rahul Dravid took his tally in the present edition of the IPL to 379 at an average of 34.45 in eleven games. Only Rahane has managed more runs than Dravid for Rajasthan in the IPL 5.# Dravid's run-aggregate is bettered by four batsmen in the present tournament - Rahane (463), Sehwag (445), Gambhir (421) and Gayle (407).# Overall, Dravid has managed 1620 runs at an average of 28.92 in 66 games in the IPL.# Ryan Harris (4/34) has produced a career-best bowling effort - his first four-wicket haul in Twenty20.# Harris' brilliant bowling feat is the best by a Punjab bowler against Rajasthan Royals in the IPL.# For the tenth time in Twenty30, Watson has received the Man of the Match award for posting 36 and taking two wickets.# In Twenty20, Watson has crossed his 2,000 runs, aggregating 2022 at an average of 31.10 in 78 matches.# Kings XI Punjab have won five and lost six out of 11 contested in the present competition.# Rajasthan Royals became the first team to record a victory while batting first in the IPL 5 at Mohali.# In the course of his innings of 36 off 17 balls, has completed his 1,000 runs for Rajasthan Royals in the IPL, totalling 1031 (ave 38.18) in 34 matches.# Watson's aforesaid tally is the highest for Rajasthan Royals in the IPL, overtaking Yusuf Pathan's 1011 in 43 matches at an average of 26.60.# Rajasthan Royals have recorded their fifth victory in 11 games (lost six) in the IPL 5.# Rajasthan's superb win by 43 runs is their sixth in nine games against Punjab in the IPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13016812", "title": "Tiger cub carcass found in Bandipur tiger reserve", "text": "MYSORE: A tiger cub was found dead deep inside Bandipur tiger reserve on Friday evening.The body was found in a highly decomposed state indicating the death may have occurred a few weeks ago.The cause of death was not clear. The conservator of forests Kumar Pushkar, the head of Bandipur National Park, spoke to STOI and ruled out foul play. The carcass was found at Gundre range in the park, Pushkar, who took charge on Wednesday, said. The skin, bones and claws were intact.The cub is believed to be 12-14 months old. A representative from the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) visited the site. The postmortem was conducted on Saturday in the presence of field director (Project Tiger) BJ Hosamath and representatives of an NGO. The park is spread over 874sqkm and has 11 ranges.A source said the carcass was found among shrubs. Though it had been dead for three weeks, it was not noticed.The field staff have not gone on their beat this side, it stated adding that the area smelled foul but they hadn't notice the carcass because of the shrubs.The carcass was found near the anti-poaching camp in the Gundre range which stretches across the Kabini backwaters in HD Kote.Incidentally, the Bandipur tiger reserve is manned by specially trained commandos of the State Tiger Task Force (STTF), the first commando force to protect tigers in India.The tiger death comes even as the ministry of environment and forests and NTCA have asked the state government to tighten vigilance in the tiger reserves of Karnataka.The NCTA had issued a warning that poachers planned to attack 29 tiger reserves, including five in Karnataka.Earlier incidents8-year-old tiger was found dead on April 29 at Marappanakere in the core area of Nagarahole National Park. Reportedly a victim of a territorial fightBandipur tiger cub's death is third in the belt across Nagarahole and Bandipur over Mysore, Chamarajnagar and Kodagu districtsEarlier, Mysore district police detected a case of tiger poaching and recovered its pelt and bones. Interrogation revealed the cat was felled at Dubare in Kodagu in mid-February", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13017043", "title": "Treasures tumble out of every nook and corner", "text": "Elegantly bound in black cloth, a slim pamphlet caught the eye of historian Ramachandra Guha at the Old Curiosity Shop for two reasons.It was the horoscope of a lady called Janaki, born on March 22, 1910. \"I suddenly realized I was holding my grandmother's horoscope. I promptly took it to her and said, 'Paati, is this yours?' She confirmed it was hers and explained that my grandfather may have given it away when moving house,\" he recounts.Secondly, it's perhaps for this very reason that Sir CV Raman, fondly called Select Book Shop as the Old Curiosity Store. \"I overheard him saying so to my father KBK Rao, when I visited the store as a youngster,\" laughs KKS Murthy.Now, 67 years after Rao founded this bookstore of not-so-easily available old and fine editions, Select overflows with literary treasure, so rare and intoxicating, luring young software professionals like Srinivas J Rao. \"I've been hooked for the past 15 years,\" he says, adding, \"Each time I pick up a book, I read it and come back for another Mr Murthy himself is like a publication. I was discussing Emerson with him the other day, and he brought out the comparative works of Thoreau. Years ago, when I spoke of Conan Doyle, he introduced me to GK Chesterton. Time flies when I speak with him.\"Srinivas is among the many regulars, confirms K Sanjay, who co-manages Select with his father Murthy. \"We have about 10 walk-ins, both young and old, every day. Over the years, customers have instilled a love of books in me - although grandpa loved books and so does dad,\" says Sanjay.Software professional Krishnamurthy is thrillled to collect a rare book on Sreenivas Tapaswiji. \"Murthy and Sanjay are those rare people who respect books. Over the past ten years, I've often dropped by to just sit and chat with them,\" he says.What lures youngsters really is that this bookstore is a treasure trove of all sorts of writing. \"Select has a book study club, which brings a lot of youngsters like us here month after month,\" points out Srinivas.Murthy is surprised that young people drop by looking for authors like Jorge Luis Borges . \"Recently, a young IT guy, who has given up software to set up a library of Gandhian literature came looking for books. Another youngster came for literature about the Nazi influence on World War II ,\" observes Murthy.Activities like book launches bring seasoned and new readers alike to Select. \"I'm happy that authors and readers visit Select. Guha released my brother's book 'Bangalore to Brooklyn' and is a regular customer. In fact, Guha foresaw that my son Sanjay, who was working in a private firm, would join me one day. And he did. I wonder how Guha knew!\" Murthy says.Celeb quoteI've had a close relationship with Select for 35 years. It has sustained me intellectually, aesthetically and culturally over the years. When I first started research for my writing, Bangalore didn't have a decent library for social sciences. I had to build my own collection from Select. You never know what'll you find here. I have found obscure pamphlets by Tagore, Gandhi and Nehru. It's not like a systematic American bookstore. The treasures are rare, like the speech I discovered under the pile -- it was by Tagore delivered in China in 1924 and had never been republished.Ramachandra Guha | writer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13016771", "title": "Farmer found murdered near lake", "text": "MYSORE: A 22-year-old farmer, who went missing on Friday night, was found murdered beside a lake in Doora village of Mysore taluk on Saturday morning.Basavaraju, son of Puttaswamy, was found murdered with severe injuries on his head and hands. On Friday night, Basavaraju stored water from the borewell in his house and took a stroll towards the bus stop around 10pm. He went missing later.During the search, Puttaswamy found Basavaraju dead beside the lake on the outskirts of the village on Saturday morning.In his complaint to Jayapura police, Puttaswamy said miscreants murdered Basavaraju by smashing his head and hands with a stone.Police are yet to ascertain the reason for the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13015859", "title": "Cooking expert wows Geentanjli club members", "text": "LUDHIANA: Members of Geetanjli Ladies Club received cooking tips from famous cook Alka Kandhari, had great food and shook a leg at a special function organized by the club on Saturday.Neeru Singla, president of Geetanjli Club, said,\"Firstly, Alka Kandhari gave cooking tips on healthy cooking for summers. After that members played tambola based on ingredients used in cooking like asafoetida, pepper, cumin, spinach, peas, brinjal, cucumber and names of other vegetables and fruits. After that there was on the spot instant mocktail making competition wherein members participated with much interest. The members also danced on latest numbers. The function was a hit.\"Shardha Sharma, a resident of Rajguru Nagar and an active member of the club, said, \"We got to know more about cooking from Alka Kandhari, who is an expert in cooking. The chat papdi, flavoured milk and other eatables served at the function were delicious.\"Manju Diwan of Tagore Nagar, said, \"It was very well-organized. We had lot of fun. The members also decorated vegetables in small baskets giving them an awesome look.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "no question about it", "code": "13012177", "title": "How our PCs are becoming prettier", "text": "No question about it: PCs are getting prettier.The beige boxes and generic laptops of a few years ago are giving way to new generations of sleek machines running Microsoft's Windows 7 -- and ready for Windows 8 later this year.For evidence, take a look at Sony's Vaio Z, a 13-inch notebook potent enough to replace a desktop, and Samsung's latest Series 9, the thinnest 15-incher you can buy. Yes, they're expensive, but they're also beautiful.A lot of the credit goes to Apple. The entire laptop category has been in a state of upheaval since the iPad's launch two years ago. Meanwhile, the MacBook Air raised the bar on design and spawned a new class of Windows PC competitors, called Ultrabooks, featuring Intel microprocessors, speedy solid-state storage and much faster boot-up and shut-down times than hard-drive-based computers.Windows 8 may accelerate the trend. It's being designed to run on touch-based tablets as well as PCs. Microsoft and its partners say they hope to spawn new kinds of hybrid devices that combine the best of both. Maybe so. Still, it's comforting to know that the new operating system is promised to work on any hardware running Windows 7.BreathtakingApple's success has also shown that buyers are willing to pay premium prices for features and style. And \"premium\" doesn't even begin to describe the Vaio Z and Series 9. A better word would be \"breathtaking.\"The Vaio Z is one of the most adaptable ultraportables out there, allowing you to add layers of functionality depending on your needs of the moment. Closed, the Vaio Z is just .66 inches high, measures 13 inches by 8.27 inches and weighs a mere 2.57 pounds. The tapered case further shrinks its footprint, making it convenient to use in tight spaces, such as an airplane tray.Compared to other laptops, less of the Vaio's weight is in the screen, giving it a springy feel when closed that makes it feel less solid than it probably really is (Sony says the extra give is deliberate, to help cushion the computer from the rigors of travel). When the screen is opened, its hinges prop up the unit's rear, ever-so-slightly angling the backlit keyboard. That's a good thing, because the low-lying keys had too little travel for my liking. Tilting the keyboard helped.Expanding powerThe real power in the Vaio Z comes from its expandability. The unit comes with a compact external docking station for desktop use that provides easy access to its high-definition video and USB 2.0 and 3.0 ports, with options for a DVD burner or Blu-ray drive. And a $150 screw-on sheet battery, augmenting the Vaio's minimalist four-hour life, provides enough juice to get through more than a full day's untethered work while still keeping it less than an inch thick.Here's where the bad part of \"breathtaking\" comes in: The price may leave you gasping. Sony is currently selling the base- model Vaio Z -- with an Intel Core i5 chip, four gigagbytes of installed memory and a 128-gigabyte solid-state drive -- for $1,700. That's rich enough, but outfit it with an i7 processor, a more usable six gigabytes of memory and 256 gigabytes of storage, Blu-ray and the extended battery, and you're suddenly at $3,000.StaggeringA top-line model, with more memory and SSD storage, is a staggering $4,500. I'd like to meet the person willing to spend that much on a PC.By comparison, the Samsung Series 9 almost feels like a bargain at $1,500 for a model with a 15-inch screen, Core i5, eight gigabytes of memory and 128 gigabytes of storage (there's also a 13-inch model for $100 less).The Series 9 weighs about 3 1/2 pounds and measures 14 inches wide by 9.3 inches deep. But the number that jumps out is its thickness: .58 of an inch. How thin is that? Really, really thin. Crazy thin. Thinner than the already-impossibly-thin MacBook Air. It's so thin, in fact, that it can't accommodate Ethernet or standard high-definition video cables, though it does have space enough for, among other things, three USB ports and a slot for an SD expansion card.One of my complaints about last year's 13-inch Series 9 was the poor, 4-hour battery life. The new model allows for a larger battery that should give you six to seven hours, depending on what you're doing. And the charcoal-gray aluminum alloy body feels more solid than the Sony's.When I looked at the previous model of the Series 9 last summer, I described it as \"gorgeous and capable.\" The description applies equally to this new, bigger version.--By Rich Jaroslovsky", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13016101", "title": "Gang cheats man of Rs 85K at Ponneri", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-member gang allegedly cheated a perfume factory supervisor of 85,000 at Ponneri on Saturday. Police said Babloo was on his way to the bank to deposit 85,000 when the gang intercepted him. The amount was the salaries of his six employees.The Hindi-speaking gang members convinced him they could give him 1.5 lakh in exchange for the 85,000 he was carrying. They gave him what appeared to be bundles of notes with 500 on top of each bundle and told him to check the money only when he got home.When Babloo reached home, he found that other than the top note the others were just plain white paper. Police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017374", "title": "Private hospitals in city may have to pay additional tax", "text": "PUNE: The state government may authorize the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to slap additional tax on private and charitable hospitals that refuse to treat poor patients.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said that once the tax is imposed, these hospitals would no longer be required to treat poor patients at concessional rates.Pawar hinted at the possibility while addressing the meeting of elected representatives and PMC officials at the Council Hall on Saturday. \"Several hospitals reap the benefits extended by the government and the corporation, but refuse to treat poor patients. We have repeatedly received complaints so I have come to the conclusion that these hospitals should be asked to pay additional tax to the PMC. This money will be used in civic hospitals to give better medical facilities to the poor.\"\"In Mumbai, we told hospitals to pay the tax. The state is now using this money for government hospitals. I will direct the PMC to take similar action,\" said Pawar.Elected representatives contended that the civic body and the hospitals have an agreement by which treatment at concessional rates is to be given to a percentage of lower income group patients in return for concessions given to the hospitals for additional constructions. City MLAs alleged that none of the private hospitals were abiding by the agreement. The PMC has given concessions to many private hospitals during construction by way of additional Floor Space Index (FSI) or by providing municipal or government land. In exchange, the hospitals had signed an agreement with the PMC that a certain per cent of beds would be reserved for patients from lower income groups for treatment at concessional rates.Charitable hospitals are duty-bound to set aside 2% of their total patients' billing every month to an Indigent Patients' Fund (IPF) account, funds from which should only be spent to treat poor patients. They are also under legal obligation to earmark 10% of their total beds for such patients, and another 10% be alloted at concessional rate to weaker section patients.Sassoon presents Rs 1,170 crore planThe Sassoon hospital administration has presented a Rs 1170.50 crore upgradation plan to the state government. The hospital authorities made a presentation to Ajit Pawar and asked the state government to make provision of Rs 100 crore in the state budget every year till 2025 to create facilities like cancer hospital, disaster cell, super-specialty services and more ICU beds. Elected representatives, including MLA Mahadev Babar and Vinayak Nimhan, complained that the administration at the Sassoon is in a mess and patients are not treated well. Ajit Pawar asked hospital authorities to take cognizance of the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13016029", "title": "Pathirapally deprived of water as pipe bursts", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The residents of Pathirapally near Kudapanakunnu are a distressed lot as pipe bursts have become the order of the day. Water supply was disrupted in the area on Saturday following a pipe burst.The locals said that disruption in water supply has become a frequent phenomenon for nearly a year now. \"Going without water for two or three days is hell. We can't wash, bathe or cook during these days,\" said Sunitha B, a resident of the area.Moreover, Pathirapally is in Kudapanakkunnu, one of the high altitude zones in the city which is facing acute water shortage.\"And when supply is restored, we get muddy water and it takes hours before the mud settles down and we can use it for drinking and cooking purposes,\" said Sunitha. \"Sometimes we are forced to use the muddy water as it will take a long time for sedimentation,\" she added.The Kerala Water Authority officials explained that the pipes in the area are very old and the joints of the pipes are prone to damage due to the pressure from the road that runs above the pipes. \"Sometimes water flowing through the JICA lines make way to some of the old lines following which the pipes tend to burst under pressure,\" a KWA official said.The KWA staff was seen working at the sight to plug the leakage on Saturday. Last week another pipe burst was reported in the same stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13015995", "title": "Drunk man pushes his relative to death over a game of dice", "text": "CHENNAI: A quarrel over a game of dice cost a man his life.Police said 38-year-old Palani, a carpenter, died on Saturday after his relative M Chandran, 38, pushed him down and he fell on a stone on Thursday.Police have detained Chandran for questioning.Police said that around 4 pm on Thursday, Palani reached home in Aminjikarai and found Chandran engrossed in a game of dice with some of his friends. Palani, who was drunk, asked Chandran to allow him join the game. But the latter refused to allow him to play the game claiming that he was drunk.Palani then tried to intervene and asked all those playing the game to stop it mid-way and an argument broke out, police said. Soon, Palani and Chandran began exchanging blows. When the others tried to pull the duo apart, Chandran pushed Palani down on the ground. Palani, who fell on a stone and sustained head injuries, was admitted to the Government General Hospital. The Aminjakarai police sent the body for a post mortem, registered a case under IPC section 307 (attempt to murder) and took Chandran into custody.\"The case is likely to be altered to section 302 (murder) of the IPC after we get the post-mortem report. We are questioning Chandran in connection with the case,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015733", "title": "MP teams strike gold at canoe polo event", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dotted with yellow and red canoes, Prasad Nagar Lake turned into a battleground as opponents took on each other in two stimulating canoe polo matches this week. And cheering them on was a curious and enthusiastic audience.Madhya Pradesh struck gold in both the men's and women's events, bagging the top spot at the national canoe polo championship. Teams from Jammu and Kashmir stood at a close second, riding on little practice but high on spirit. The girls from J&K; put up a brave defence against MP but could not stop them from scoring twice. The men's team from MP trounced their befuddled opponents 6-1.\"We had practised only for four days, that too on boats provided by the tourism department. If we had access to equipment or infrastructure back home, our performance would have been a great deal better,\" said Saima Manzoor, a veteran player in the J&K; women's team. She belongs to Srinagar and has been competing in various disciplines of kayaking and canoeing for the past eight years.Omar Rafique, J&K; coach and vice-president, Indian Kayaking and Canoeing Association, agreed with Manzoor. \"We have no infrastructure. Neither the Centre nor the state government has provided the team with a single boat to practise the sport. I'm proud that we have managed two silver medals with such little practice and inadequate facilities,\" he said. Although the players have participated in various disciplines of kayaking and canoeing, canoe polo is new to them. Three days of training and practice on tourism boats under heavy rain proved insufficient in their pursuit of victory. The state's teams used hired paddles to row their kayaks and wore helmets meant for rock-climbing given by the tourism department of Jammu and Kashmir, a player said.Organized by Delhi Tourism, in association with Delhi Canoeing and Kayaking Association (DCKA), the championship saw the participation of 10 teams. \"These kind of events will make people aware of the sport. The lake has a lot of potential as a venue for such competitions,\" said Manish Chatrath, chairman, Delhi Tourism and Transportation Development Corporation Ltd. He promised to develop water bodies in Delhi to make them suitable for more such events.Canoe polo is a sport played on water with a match lasting 20 minutes. Five players from each team occupy a playing area of 35 x 23 metre in water that ideally runs about 2 metre deep. The goals are suspended 2 metre above the water level. Each team has three reserve players for emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13019327", "title": "Should you trust your home to a star wife?", "text": "A Pune realty firm sold its first luxury penthouse within days of announcing its association with Shah Rukh Khan's wife, Gauri. Suzanne Roshan, Twinkle Khanna, Shamita Shetty - the glamorous decorators' club is swelling. Why do star wives take to interiors, and do they deserve their crores?A1999 M.F. Husain painting in white, black and cobalt blue brings together a hookah, a bare-breasted woman, a peacock-that-could-be-a-snake and an elephant squatting like a bored country bumpkin, on one wall of Hindi film star Shah Rukh Khan and wife Gauri's office that she is reported to have done up. The office is located in a building annexed to their palatial bungalow in Mumbai. Of the three niches along the side of an adjoining room (which overlooks a pool), one is occupied by a Louis Vuitton trunk, another, by a model of the Kolkata Knight Riders bus, and the third by a juke box with songs from Johnny Cash and The Everly Brothers.A green tasbih dangles off the side of the Quran placed on a carved rihal on the topmost shelf behind Khan's mahogany desk, and on a shelf below lies a wax replica of his hand - not the sort you can get for a fiver at Madame Tussauds. This model, prepared by the wax museum especially for the actor, is a perfect copy, right down to each implanted strand of hair. The place could well be a museum, but it's not nearly as intimidating. Heart , or as Gauri Khan puts it, warmth makes a difference.We are not sure if any of the customers investing in the 10 penthouses being designed by her for Glitterati, a Kolte Patil project in Pune, have been to this room, or are privy to Khan's personal sense of decor. Yet, the developers sold their first luxury penthouse within days of announcing their association with the star wife.Like fish take to waterThe 'Bollywoodisation' of branded residences in micro-markets of Mumbai, Noida, Bengaluru and Pune is gaining strength. And star wives, with and without a degree in architecture and interiors, are being chased by realtors.Actor Akshay Kumar's wife Twinkle Khanna is designing for ORB, Supertech's luxury residential project in Noida. Former actress Amrita Arora is involved with Lunkad Sky Vie in Pune. Last year, actress Shilpa Shetty's sister Shamita Shetty quit an acting career that had never really taken off, and parked herself in London to study interior design.A Mumbai-based builder's spouse, who hired a star wife to do up her apartment for 25 crore, says she hoped to feed off the sophistication. \"I wanted to live with the same glamour that she did. The response from friends at the housewarming party was unbelievable. After a couple of years, we did encounter technical snags, like with the plumbing. I had to get a trained architect to set it right. But I'm not complaining.\"It's this star-craze that real estate developers are milking.Yogesh Mehra, senior vice president, Sales (marketing and business development) with Kolte Patil says, Khan's name has an immediate association with luxury. \"She lives the lifestyle, so, when she designs a space using her aesthetics, it reinstates confidence in the customer.\"She also costs more than a professionalA veteran fashion designer who has dabbled in interiors says the transition from star homemaker to interior designer is easy. \"It's their husband's identity and the access it allows them that adds weight to their worth. The moneyed are desperate to have say, Twinkle do up their home. They could be paying anything from 50 lakh upwards.\" Unlike, professional architects who charge a set fee, star wives tend to demand a percentage of the entire cost of the unit, sometimes as much as 20 per cent, making them far more expensive despite operating in the same competitive real estate market as the rest.Director-producer David Dhawan's wife Lali Dhawan, who has worked on costume designer Manish Malhotra's Juhu home, says, \"We have an edge. We live in the midst of glamour. We travel, visit the best homes and hotels across the world, and that helps. We start off with our own homes, and land contracts when visitors like what they see and approach us.\" Dhawan, who was involved in designing Salman Khan's home, was asked by the actor to lend inputs when his then girlfriend actress Katrina Kaif was doing up her Mumbai pad.Who needs a degree?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017377", "title": "Footpaths near Pune Municipal Corporation building too are not free of obstacles", "text": "PUNE: If you thought the footpaths around the headquarters of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), the keeper of footpaths in half the city, are rid of any obstacles that would trouble pedestrians, you are wrong. For the footpaths here, too, are occupied by the usual suspects -- unauthorised vendors, garbage and construction debris -- as in other areas.The PMC building's backyard, too, provides similar challenges for pedestrians, the biggest being the unauthorized vendors selling their wares on Shivaji bridge.Most of the vendors told TOI that they have been doing business from here for several years, without facing any problem and without gaining a PMC licence.Though Shantibai, a vendor on the bridge, said she would not mind getting resettled elsewhere, most other vendors vehemently opposed the idea.Shakuntala was vociferous when she said, \"We have been running our business here for several years. I would not want to budge from this spot.\"Prashant More, a student, said, \"Walking on the bridge in the evenings has become a skill, as pedestrians have to make do with the little space the vendors have left for them. We have to often jostle other pedestrians due to lack of enough space.\"Subhash Talekar, anti-encroachment officer of the area concerned, said, \"Some vendors around the PMC office have been granted licence on grounds of disability. But, the vendors on the bridge have not obtained licence from us. Since they have been there for a while, we would have to take utmost care in removing them from the spot. We will try to evict them from the spot on Monday.\"The footpaths on the front of the PMC building are also beset by parked vehicles, compelling pedestrians to walk on the road. There is a 'no parking' sign in front of the PMC office, but most people park their private cars on the footpath. Mayur Jadhav, a businessman caught parking his vehicle on the footpath, said, \"I had no idea it was illegal to park here as there are other cars parked as well. Plus, there is no parking facility for outside people who visit the PMC office. We are left with no choice but to park here (on the pavement).\"Vijay Landge, ward officer of the area, said, \"Parking on the footpath should be looked into by the traffic department. We are helpless in this matter.\"Buses are parked on the sides of the road, sometimes two buses are seen parked parallel around the PMC bus stand. This causes inconvenience to people as they have little option but to walk on the middle of the busy juncture.V K Pote, a retired school teacher, said, \"Walking in this area is impossible. Two buses are parked side by side forcing us to walk on the middle of the road. I think there should be a pavement in the middle of the road because it is wide and would cost less than building footpaths on both sides of the road.\"There were hardly any pavements for pedestrians in the area around the PMC bus stand. The occasional glimpses of footpath were also occupied by vendors.At the beginning of Dengle bridge, litter was strewn on footpaths, and there was construction debris piled next to it. There were stalls running business from the space left. Landge said they were 'planning to remove temporary obstruction, that is, construction debris and garbage, by Monday.\" \"We are planning to clear the space for walkers by removing temporary construction by the end of next week,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13009870", "title": "Is falling in love too expensive?", "text": "Recent studies have hinted that falling in and out of love could cost one as many as 13 friends. We find out more ...If you are the sorts who believes Jennifer Lopez when she sings Love don't cost a thing... then you are completely mistaken. Two recent studies go on to prove that falling in and out of love can cost you friends. How many, you ask? 13!A recent relationship study suggested that being in a relationship would cost you about five friends. Another one now suggests that falling out of love and the uncomfortable situations caused because of your break up costs one as many as eight friends! Youngsters in relationships too concur on this issue and list out some of the reasons why one ends up losing as many friends. The first one they point out is the division and prioritization of time and attention.Ashwathy Ravi, a software engineer engaged to be married, says that initially she found it really hard to prioritize. \"My friends guilt-tripped me all the time! I have been single for a long time and finding my fiance was a big deal for me,\" says Ashwathy adding, \"When I finally did I wanted to spend more time with him. I mean, isn't that normal?\" questions she. As much as it may sound practical that you would want to spend more time with your beloved, the decision doesn't go down too well with the friends, who are used to having you part of their routine. Ashwathy's friend Preethi Koshy, a photographer, says, \"I understand she has found the one and all that but we are her friends, you know? She can't possible to spend all of her time with this man who came out of nowhere!\"While friends may still make do with the sudden presence of an 'extra' person, it is the break-up that leads to greater issues. Pranav Rajkumar, a short film maker, says that sacrifice is a part of separation. \"Either of the parties would have made great friends with their partner's friends. And now they might have to stop being in touch with them. That way, they can lose more than eight friends in my opinion!\" Pranav adds, \"Friendships also get severed in the beginning of a relationship. There's a small degree of sacrifice everywhere.\"Maitreyi Vasudevan, who has been in a long-term relationship, doesn't agree with the findings of these studies. \"I haven't lost touch with any of my old friends. I still talk to them but yes , spending time with them is definitely less now. But how is that different from getting a new job or shifting to a new country? I could lose touch with my friends that way too. Yes?\"Jayanti Kumar, a psychologist, points out, \"When two people commit themselves to a relationship, they naturally tend to prioritize him or her over the others around them. Friends, who are used to their attention, can get envious and jealous. This is natural. A good way of tackling this is to ensure that you still do small gestures to show your friends you care. And when dealing with common friends after a break up, don't ever mention a word about the relationship. That way, there will be no discomfort.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13015458", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation looks upon Choral river for water supply", "text": "INDORE: In a move to improve and diversify the water supply of the city, which is right now mainly dependent on Narmada, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is going construct a stop dam over Choral River. IMC will conduct a survey along with forest department within seven days for the project.Civic body has identified a place at Simrol for the construction of stop dam over Choral River. A decision in the regard was taken on Saturday evening.Mayor Krishna Murari Moghe said that after constructing dam over Choral river they will have to lift water from 100 to 150 meter where as right now they are lifting water from 450 meter at Narmada. Beside this Cholral is closer to the city as compare to Narmada. \"This will reduce the cost of water supply significantly,\" said mayor.He further said that a survey report of the area which will fall under submergence after construction of dam will be presented in seven days. Beside this, IMC will also discuss the plan for desilting of Yashwant Sagar, the report for which will be prepared in fifteen days. \"By desitling of the river we will manage to reduce the submergence area with the increase in height of dam,\" said Moghe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13019134", "title": "India, Bangladesh to hold first joint consultative commission", "text": "NEW DELHI: A host of strategic bilateral issues, including extradition treaty, Teesta water treaty and boundary implementation agreement are expected to be high on the agenda in the first Indo-Bangla joint consultative commission meeting to be held here tomorrow.External affairs minister S M Krishna and his Bangladeshi counterpart Dipu Moni will co-chair the JCC meeting, which was formed under the framework agreement on development and cooperation signed during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Dhaka in September last year.The JCC meeting will discuss a wide range of issues, including water sharing, connectivity, border security and trade, official sources said.They said the Commission would also review the progress made in implementation of the accords signed during Sheikh Hasina's visit to New Delhi in 2010 and Singh's reciprocal visit to Bangladesh last September.JCC, which was envisaged as an annual event at the level of foreign ministers, will also explore newer avenues for cooperation including progress of activities under the Framework Agreement, the Ministry of External Affairs said.India has been pushing for early signing of an extradition treaty that will facilitate bringing back of north-eastern Indian insurgents holed up in Bangladesh.Later during the day, the Bangladesh Foreign Minister would be the Guest of Honour and participate on behalf of her government at the closing ceremony of the year-long joint celebrations of the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore. Vice-President Hamid Ansari would be the Chief Guest at the ceremony to be held at Vigyan Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13017275", "title": "We don't blame you, Jakoi's parents tell his girlfriend", "text": "BANGALORE : Giving a clean chit to their son's girlfriend, parents of Haisnam Jakoi (in pic), the third year mechanical engineering student who died while enacting hanging before his girlfriend, told the girl (Seraphina) that it was their son's mistake and they don't blame her for the tragedy.Haisnam's uncle Joy Chandra Jacob, who arrived in the city late on Friday, flew back with the body early on Saturday. A written statement was given to police by the parents saying they have no complaints. \"It is a suicide and we request police to close the case,\" Haisnam's parents wrote to police.On Friday night, Haisnam's parents spoke to Seraphina over phone, and asked her to narrate the entire episode . \"After speaking to Seraphina , the parents spoke to us, saying we can close the case after registering it to be a suicide case,\" Mico Layout police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017393", "title": "Clean-up drive on select city roads", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrambaug zonal office of the Pune Municipal Corporation has removed 2 stalls, 47 handcarts, 186 hawkers, 5 abandoned vehicles and 16 other temporary obstructions like old machinery, from footpaths in various parts of the city between April 18 and May 5.The clean-up drive taken was carried out on Shivaji Road, Bajirao Road, Kumthekar Road, Lal Bahadur Shastri Road and Nehru Chowk.On Saturday, the anti-encroachment department removed a hut opposite Mangirbaba Temple on Shastri Road.Ward officer Arun Khilari said, \"We went and removed the hut obstructing the footpath in the area. Though there is garbage remaining in the area, we are looking to clear it by Monday as the resident of the hut refused to move out of his settlement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13015838", "title": "It was a chat mangni pat vyah", "text": "LUDHIANA: Hardeep Kaur and Gursharan Singh fell in love at the first sight with each other and the intensity of their love can be gauged from the fact despite a little disability in Gursharan's leg they got married after convincing their parents. Hardeep, 35, a resident of BRS Nagar -- who is a schoolteacher by profession and has two sons Navjot Singh Sidhu, 9, and Jagjot Singh, 5 -- still remembers her first meeting with Gursharan Singh Sidhu, 35, a lecturer in chemistry.\"We met at an ice cream parlour in Sarabha Nagar on September 12, 2001. When I first saw him, I found him very decent and handsome. Gursharan also showed interest and we introduced ourselves to each other. I told him that I had come from Chandigarh to attend a wedding and was in the city for some days,\" she said.Though Gursharan who was head over heals in love with Hardeep, was a little reluctant to express his love fearing a negative response. This is where Hardeep took charge of the situation and proposed to Gursharan over the phone during one of their daily chat sessions that was getting longer with every passing day.\"I was awed by Hardeep's gesture as she had chosen me despite my disability. The depth of her love is evident from the fact that she never let me feel that I have some disability. I was overwhelmed with emotions,\" said Gursharan.But there is no love story that does not have to stand the test of resistance from the society and parents. \"My parents did object to my marriage initially but then I was able to convince them that Gursharan was the one for me. Other problems were sorted out when they met him,\" said Hardeep.Wasting no time, Gursharan and Hardeep got married on October 27, 2001 and they still say, \"Ours is the real example of 'chatt mangni pat vyah'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015644", "title": "Tint rap: Over 4,000 fined", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 4,199 vehicle owners were penalized for having tinted film on Saturday. Among these, 16 were government vehicles and nine were police cars.\"We will continue with this drive and hope people will get the message properly-the court ruling has to be followed properly,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The maximum violations were noted in south Delhi, where 1,403 offenders were brought to book; 969 violations were recorded in central Delhi; northern and western ranges 707 and 657 violations, respectively; and there were 463 cases in east Delhi. \"No one was allowed to escape without a challan,\" said JCP Garg. Challan teams were deputed across the city, and traffic cops were busy removing tinted film from cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "13023794", "title": "Salman Butt is lonely and depressed, says Mohammad Asif", "text": "KARACHI: Banned Pakistan pacer Mohammad Asif, who was released from jail last week, has described his former roommate Salman Butt as a \"lonely and depressed man\" anxiously waiting to be released from prison after completing his 30-month sentence for spot-fixing.\"Salman and I were sharing the same room for three months in the prison and he wished me good luck on the day of my release,\" Asif told 'Dawn' newspaper on Sunday.\"But he (Salman) is a lonely man and looked very depressed on the day of my release from jail. He has been quite miserable at times and is anxiously awaiting his release,\" he added.Asif was released last Friday after completing a 12-month sentence for his role in the spot-fixing scandal that broke out on Pakistan team's tour to England in 2010.Before Asif, young pacer Mohammad Aamer was also released from jail earlier this year after he completed his six month term.The Southwark crown court in London had last October handed out different jail terms to Butt, Asif and Aamer after finding them guilty of spot fixing and corruption.The trio is also serving a minimum five year ban from the anti-corruption tribunal of the International Cricket Council for the same offence.Only former captain Salman Butt now remains in prison with Pakistani bookmaker, Mazhar Majeed who was also given a jail term in the spot fixing scandal.According to the report, the prison in Canterbury is a men's prison which has an arrangement which allows two foreign nationals in the same room.Asif, who has vowed to get the ICC ban overturned and has also proclaimed his innocence in the case, said he and Butt shared a room because there were very few Muslims in the prison.\"We both were first asked whether we could share the same room,\" recalled Asif.\"We immediately agreed. Having a non-muslim room partner could have made life difficult for both me and Salman,\" he added.Asif also played down reports of differences and ill feeling between him and Salman Butt after the two accused each other during the trial held at the Southwark court.He said, infact, the bond between the two grew stronger in prison.\"No, there were no ill-feelings between us. In fact, we were like two brothers in the prison,\" said Asif. \"Both of us were made gym in-charge where we played badminton and football.\"Asif said he used to speak to his family over telephone from the prison but none of his family members afforded to visit the jail.However, he said the family members of the suspended Pakistan captain Salman did pay visits to the prison.\"Every month in the jail, Salman's wife (Gul), his elder son and mother paid a visit there,\" said Asif.\"But his younger son has been denied visa again and therefore he could not see him,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13015836", "title": "Metro worker hangs from tree on high court campus", "text": "CHENNAI: In a security breach of sorts, a youth from West Bengal entered the high-security Madras high court campus here and committed suicide. The body of the unidentified man, aged about 25, was found hanging from a tree near the entrance meant for judges on Saturday.Police are yet to ascertain full particulars about the youth but said preliminary inquiries revealed he was from West Bengal and was working on the metro rail project here. The youth's photograph has been sent to all metro rail work sites in the city as well as to West Bengal and a few northeastern states.Watch and ward staff noticed the body dangling from the tree in the early hours and informed police, a HC registry official said. The body was later sent to the Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital for postmortem.This is the first major security breach after a multi-crore comprehensive access control system and security plan was put in place at the high court. The year-old security plan had already been showing signs of sluggishness, with police personnel at the entrances treating the job casually, said a senior lawyer who wants trained personnel deployed on the campus.Police recovered an open train ticket valid for travel to New Jalpaiguri in West Bengal from the man's shirt pocket. \"The victim bought the ticket at 11.38pm on Friday at Chennai Central. We are probing why he walked into the high court complex and committed suicide,\" assistant commissioner of police K N Murali said.Police said inquiries revealed that the youth used his shirt to make a noose to hang himself.All gates at the complex are manned round the clock and the man may have sneaked in by climbing the parapet wall near the RBI subway, police said. \"Doctors at the GH examined his body and said it was a clear case of suicide,\" an investigation officer said.Court and police officials were at a loss to explain the youth's presence on the campus where no one is permitted after 8pm. \"This must be taken as a wake-up call. We need trained personnel such as CISF to guard the place,\" said a judge. The high court police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13020142", "title": "Kataria says opposition to proposed yatra unfortunate", "text": "JAIPUR: Terming the opposition to his proposed 'yatra' as \"unfortunate\", senior party leader and MLA Gulab Chand Kataria on Sunday said that some of the party leaders deliberately made his campaign an issue.Kataria rubbished allegations of some of the party members that it was his trick to project himself as the party's face in the state and claimed that his 28-day-long campaign was to highlight the failure of Congress at both centre and state level in giving pro-people policies, programmes and good governance.\"It is very unfortunate that a campaign which was aimed at strengthening party in Mewar region, which plays key role in elections, was objected without any sound logic. It was not my personal decision, it was planned with consultation the party's state leadership,\" Kataria told PTI over phone.\"It was not me who made it an ego issue. Those all who objected to the 'Yatra' in and out of the core committee meeting have made it an ego issue. I always worked for the welfare of the party and will continue to do that. It is up to them how do they take it,\" he said.Dramatic developments reflected intense feud in the party on Saturday when former chief minister of Rajasthan, Vasundhara Raje , walked out of the core-committee meeting which was called to take a decision on the controversial 'Jan Jagran Yatra' by Kataria.She said that she would quit the party if Kataria did not change his decision after which MLA Kiran Maheshwari, Hari Singh Rawat, Kalyan Singh and other office bearers also said last night that they would also resign from the party in support of Raje.\"Mewar plays important role during elections so I as a party worker wanted to strengthen the party in the region. I discussed it with the party and planned it,\" Kataria said.MLA Kiran Maheshwari first propagated before media that it was my personal agenda. If she had objection, why she did not complain to the party leaders in Jaipur or Delhi and why she broke party discipline?,\" he said.\"My campaign was purely for the party, not individual. It was not my first such campaign I have taken out Yatras in the past too which yielded good results,\" he said.Kataria said that what happened on Saturday night and whatever is going on now in the party was not good for the party.\"It is of course not good. The party's high command should take a call on the issue. I have cancelled my Yatra and at the moment I have no plan. I will abide by the directions of the party high command,\" he said.Kataria left for Udaipur on Sunday night from here. Rajsamand MLA and former MP, Kiran Maheshwari said that the party workers wanted a party level Yatra so Kataria should have taken all in confidence before announcing the yatra.Six-time MLA Gulab Chand Kataria was the home minister in former BJP government headed by Raje and represents Udaipur constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13016830", "title": "Brave teachers sought justice for hapless kids", "text": "GURGAON: The children of the orphanage belonging to \"Suparaana Ka Angan\" used to be very depressed in the class and hardly spoke to their classmates. The condition of the traumatized children moved their teachers, who often talked about them with each other.This was not the first time that Rachit alias Raju was accused of sexual abuse. Nisha Yadav, a teacher of the primary government girls school in Wazirabad told TOI that a year ago a minor girl with the same NGO had bite marks on both her cheeks. When teachers asked the frightened girl about how she got injured, initially she did not reveal anything. But after a lot of persuasion she hesitantly told them that Raju had bitten her.\"The kids told us that they had informed Suparaana Sethi, owner of the NGO, but according to them, she scolded the girls and not Raju. The teachers of the school then raised the issued with the owner who fired Raju but weeks later he rejoined the NGO. The kids told us that Suparaana had asked them not to tell any teacher of the school about the reinstatement of Raju,\" said Nisha.After child welfare officers asked the teachers to talk to the fearful, two courageous teachers, Sunil Kumari and Nisha Yadav, came forward.The kids were comforted by the teachers who assured them of their safety. They broke down as they started narrating all that the NGO's cook-cum-domestic help had done to them.The kids also told the teachers that Raju used to take them to a flat in Greenhouse apartments, where Suparaana used to stay, and abuse them. \"That meant that all these misdeeds was known to Suparaana,\" said Sunil. These minor girls also told the teachers that Raju used \"to make them do oral sex and also videotaped them. He later used the tapes to blackmail them\" .\"We took this bold step of involving police in the matter because these children need our help. It could have been our own children in their place. So without much hesitation we took them to the DCP (crime) and sought justice for them,\" said Nisha.Suparaana Ka Angan has been functioning for the past five years and the homeless kids from different places like construction sites were admitted so they get education, food and shelter. The NGO had 70 kids, including boys and girls, of all age groups who were admitted to nearby government and private schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13023936", "title": "Archers win silver in World Cup", "text": "KOLKATA: The Indian men's recurve team of Jayanta Talukdar, Tarundeep Rai and Rahul Banerjee settled for a silver after going down to their opponents from Great Britain in the Archery World Cup Stage II in Antalya.According to information received here, the Indian trio lost the final with a margin of 211-222.The Indian threesome had 53 in the first end as against 58 by the trio of Laurence Godfrey, Simon Terry and Alan Willis.In the second end of six arrows, the two teams were on equal terms scoring 53 each.In the third end, India could manage only 52 as against their opponents 56 while in the final end the Indians lost 53-56.India's Olympic prospect Deepika Kumari had earlier won the women's individual recurve gold on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13018281", "title": "We got a bit carried away: David Hussey", "text": "MOHALI: Kings XI Punjab's stand-in captain David Hussey feels his side got a bit carried away and were little complacent against Rajasthan Royals, which led to their 43-run defeat in the Indian Premier League match.Hussey was of the view that many of the Kings XI players were yet to get over their four-wicket win over Royal Challengers Bangalore in their last game in Bangalore.\"I don't think we really switched on. I think we were still celebrating the win against Bangalore. I think we (players) got a bit carried away,\" Hussey said last night in the post-match press conference.After back-to-back wins over defending champions Chennai Super Kings and Royal Challengers Bangalore in away games, Kings XI lost to Rajasthan Royals by 43 runs in a lopsided affair last night.Rajasthan posted a challenging 177 for six and then restricted the home team to 134 for eight, with Shaun Marsh top-scoring with 34.The loss meant Kings XI slipped from the number four spot to sixth position in the points table with five wins out of 11 games.Asked about their dismal home record this season, Hussey said, \"I guess we are an away team. We played particularly well away. We are hoping to prepare well for Deccan Chargers (whom Kings XI play next in Hyderabad).\"Hussey, leading the side in the absence of Adam Gilchrist who is out with a hamstring injury, said the wicket on offer at the PCA stadium was a good one, but they faltered in every department of the game on Saturday.Hussey hoped that if they can win three out of their remaining five games, they have a good chance of making it to the play offs.Hussey is expecting fellow Australian Shaun Marsh to play a big innings in the upcoming matches.\"I don't think he is too far away from making a massive score.\"Asked if the team was expecting to see Gilchrist back in the action soon, he said, \"Possibly yes, I don't think it is too far away. He is a very classy player and he will be a welcome addition to the side.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014998", "title": "India objects to inclusion of UN, INGOs' partisan reports in climate change talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Miffed with the way some UN and other international organizations have played a partisan role in climate change negotiations, India has demanded that their reports and studies should not be accepted as part of these deliberations.Domestically, it has refused the Asian Development Bank's (ADB) request to become an official partner to its study on the cost-benefit analysis of taking different actions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.The decision against ADB's proposal on 'mitigation studies' is not the first time that the government has taken such a step on offers from international organizations and funding agencies. \"The method that ADB was using was such that it would seem all emission reduction actions are purely beneficial in terms of economics,\" an official told TOI.Earlier, India had fought a silent battle at international climate negotiations to point out that the Bridging the Emissions Gap report, presented by United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), was a clever presentation of data showing the gap between what the world had committed to reduce emissions and how much more needed to be done to remain within relatively safer levels of global warming. Scholars from the Stockholm Institute of Environment, using the data that UNEP had collected but not highlighted, showed that the developing countries had committed to greater emission reductions than the rich nations.\"It's not that the data is wrong in these reports, but what answers one is looking at. If the reports are part of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change like the IPCC report, they are informed by the needs of all countries and not guided by politics and interests of the few,\" an official said.In one of the most prominent such cases, the government had taken the UNDP to task in 2007 for presenting a report that had discarded the notion of fair-burden sharing while apportioning responsibility to reduce global emissions.If the report is based on the premise of fair burden-sharing formula, the solutions it would throw up like which country should do what are bound to be at odds with dumping the responsibility for historical emissions and only looking at the remaining atmospheric space.\"Now, equity has been accepted by even groupings like US-led Major Economies Forum that had refused to entertain it so far. An equitable decision on how countries share emission reductions to remain within safe limits is back on the table after Durban talks, and studies or institutions that do not make this as a basis of their research are playing a partial role at these meetings,\" another official noted.So far, these external reports were used more for rhetorical discourses and building public pressure outside the negotiation forums. With the EU and Association of Small Island States, which ally closely with the Europeans, demanding that reports from outside the negotiation process too be taken into consideration while firming up greater commitments for all, India has formally objected to such a move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016277", "title": "Ministry seeks info on dropouts due to non-payment of scholarship", "text": "LUCKNOW: The parliamentary standing committee on Social Justice and Empowerment has sought details of the number of students belonging to Other Backward Castes, who have dropped out of educational institutions due to their inability to pursue post-matriculation education, owing to financial constraints in the last three years.Besides, the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, in a letter, written to the senior officials of the department of welfare of OBCs has asked them to furnish details as to whether they have been able to fulfil their committed liability under the Centrally Sponsored Post-Matric Scholarship Scheme for OBCs, and if not, then provide reasons for the same.Backward students pursuing secondary, higher, technical, medical or vocational education are left in a bewildered state after their fees is allegedly not reimbursed by the department of welfare for OBCs over a period of time. \"In the absence of scholarship money reimbursed by the government to the institution, we are forced to take the money from the students. There have been instances when students belonging to the reserved and backward class have left their studies, since they could not afford the hefty amount of fees,\" said a senior technical university official. More shocking is that many colleges have been withdrawing money in the name of OBC student who is actually not enrolled in that particular institution.\"Colleges indulge in false methods to extract money from the government. They send a list of OBC students studying in their college and take money in their name. But in reality, the student is never enrolled in that college,\" said a teacher of an engineering college.In recent past, OBC students of technical university have even protested against the non-payment of scholarship money to them. In Lucknow University, it's an annual event to hold back the marksheets of the OBC students because of their inability to pay fees. \"In the absence of reimbursement by the department of welfare for OBCs, the university holds back our marksheets. Only when the pressure is built, some action is taken,\" said a backward class student.OBC students of technical university have even protested against the non-payment of scholarship money to them. In Lucknow University, it's an annual event to hold back the marksheets of the OBC students because of their inability to pay fees", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014978", "title": "NCTC meet: PM, Chidambaram make strong pitch for counter-terror body", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and home minister P Chidambaram on Saturday made a strong pitch for formation of the counter-terror body, arguing the need for such a body to fight terrorism in coordinated manner.Stressing that NCTC will supplement the counter-terrorism capabilities of the states and not supplant them; Singh asked the state governments to work with the Centre in dealing with terrorism.\"Terrorism is today one of the most potent threats to our national security. There can be no disagreement on putting an effective counter terrorism regime with efficient mechanism and response systems both at the national level and at the state level,\" Singh said in his inaugural speech at a conference of CMs on the NCTC.The PM said, \"Establishment of NCTC is not a state versus Centre issue and the primary purpose behind setting up the NCTC is to coordinate counter-terrorism efforts throughout the country as the Intelligence Bureau has been doing so far\".Allaying fears of some of the CMs about disturbing the federal structure, the PM stressed that the government's intention was in no way to affect the distribution of powers between the states and the Union that the Constitution provides.Advocating the need for setting up anti-terror hub NCTC, Chidambaram said: \"That terrorists do not recognize boundaries between countries or boundaries between sates belonging to a country; That many terrorist organizations have foot prints in several countries and have the capacity to commit terrorist acts across borders or boundaries; that human resources alone are not sufficient to counter terrorism; technology is the key weapon in this conflict.\"Emphasizing on why it is needed have body like NCTC, Chidambaram said there were cases where, despite inputs regarding the presence of terrorists, the security agencies concerned did not act either due to lack of capacity or lack of timely decision. \"Most of these cases concerned so-called 'jihadi' terrorists and cadres of CPI (Maoist). What should central government do in such cases?\" he asked.Highlighting a new dimension to terror threats, Chidambaram said hitherto, security forces have confronted them only in the physical space, but now there are such threats in the cyber space, which is the fifth domain after land, sea, air and space.\"Much of our critical infrastructure lies in cyber space. Cyber crimes such as hacking, financial fraud, data theft, espionage etc. would, in certain circumstances, amount to terrorist acts.\"Our counter-terrorism capacity must be able to meet the threats in cyber space. Since there are no boundaries in cyber space, how will the Central Government and the State Governments share the responsibility to face the threats in cyber space?\" he asked.The home minister also referred to the experience and benefits received by other countries, including the US, through their NCTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017378", "title": "Change in traffic plan near Hinjewadi: Wakad flyover is one-way in peak hours", "text": "PUNE: Making the Wakad flyover one-way during morning peak hours, creating an extra lane for vehicular movement to Shivaji Chowk from Wakad flyover, appointing 10 traffic wardens and removing the median below the flyover for vehicles going to Mumbai and Katraj are some of the measure the Hinjewadi traffic police have adopted to decongest traffic in and out of Hinjewadi during peak hours.The Hinjewadi Industries Association (HIA) had recently provided over 150 high-end traffic barricades and 10 traffic wardens to the Hinjewadi police in an attempt to regulate and channelise the high density traffic flow in and out of Hinjewadi during the peak hours. The HIA is an association of various organisations who have their establishments in the locality.The wardens will help control traffic on routes such as the Wakad flyover to Shivaji Chowk, Kala Khadak underpass stretch to Mezza9, Kala Khadak underpass to Shivaji Chowk, Mind Tree T-Junction and Wipro Circle at Phase 2, among others. These arrangements came into effect a couple of days ago.Addressing a news conference on Saturday, Vishwas Pandhare, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said, \"The barricades provided by the HIA will be used to create an additional lane for vehicular movement towards Shivaji Chowk from Wakad flyover during the morning peak hoursThe flyover would also be made one-way during these morning peak hours for the traffic from city to Hinjewadi so that the employees of various organisations in this area get to reach office in time.\"\"Those coming from Hinjewadi and going towards the city will thus need to either go straight or take a right under the flyover. Vehicular traffic coming from city can also go under the flyover and take a right towards Mumbai. They need not go over the flyover and take a U-turn and come back from the other side,\" said Pandhare.Pandhare said the traffic police are making optimum use of the available infrastructure. \"Before, the traffic was moving towards both sides on Wakad flyover. Vehicles that intended to go to Mumbai would go over the flyover, and take a U-turn. Those going to Katraj would have to take a longer route through the Pune Mumbai expressway.Now, we have removed the median below the flyover and given vehicles access through the service road,\" he said.He added that the arrangement has reduced traffic jams. \"We did not create any infrastructure, but temporarily created lanes, which is a low-cost way of expanding the road,\" said Pandhare.Mritunjay Singh, president, HIA, who was also present for the media briefing, said, \"By 2014, we expect total 2 lakh people coming to Hinjewadi, which will mean that the area will have about 1 lakh vehicles. The area is growing and needs a massive upgradation of the infrastructure.\"Instead of ordinary iron barricades, the association provided high-end barricades, which are visually appealing and cost approximately Rs 12 lakh.Among the 1 lakh people who visit Hinjewadi daily, about 50,000 use their own vehicles, 30,000 use buses and the remaining 20,000 use small vehicles. \"This puts a lot of pressure on the road. Before the barricades were provided and the Wakad flyover was made one-way,The flyover was a two-laned bridge. During peak hoursin the morning, haphazard vehicular movement here would turn this flyover into a three-laned bridge, leading to numerous bottlenecks,\" said Singh.He said that since various road stretches in Hinjewadi were owned by different authorities, there were instances where the road was four laned in some places and six-laned in others, which resulted in bottle-necks.The current arrangement, which is based on the low-cost traffic management system, reduces the traffic pressure on the road. \"Barricades start from 300 metres after descending the Wakad flyover, while going towards Hinjewadi from Aundh. These barricades therefore have created an extra lane for vehicular movement to Shivaji Chowk from Wakad flyover during morning peak hours. Therefore, instead of two and three lanes on the road where these barricades are placed, we now have three to four lanes,\" added Unmesh Bhatija, vice-president, HIA.Singh added that a permanent solution is to build multiple approach roads, but that will take time as well as resources. HIA is working towards the end and is also in talks with various government bodies for the same.The additional 10 traffic wardens are also being added to act as a force multiplier to Hinjewadi traffic police, helping them regulate and monitor smooth traffic flow in this area.Steps takenWakad flyover made one-way during morning peak hours150 barricades given by the HIA to streamline traffic10 traffic wardens to assist police on Hinjewadi roadsRoad divider removed from under the flyover to assist vehicles going to Mumbai, Katraj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13018638", "title": "Saif, Kareena complement each other: Sharmila Tagore", "text": "It's been a roller coaster ride for the family ever since Mansur Ali Khan (Tiger) Pataudi passed away on September 22, last year. Despite not wanting to be crowned the next (10th) nawab of Pataudi, Saif Ali Khan had to give in to the wishes of the people of the princely state. The hitherto Chhote Nawab is acutely aware of the many responsibilities the title brings with it. Meanwhile, Sharmila Tagore stands on a bitter-sweet fork, between coping with the loss of her better half on the one hand and preparing for Saif's and Soha's impending marriages on the other.How are you dealing with the changed circumstances?I really don't know. Some days are okay, others are not so good. There are times when all that I shared with Tiger seems unreal. Initially, I had completely lost my power to concentrate on anything. At a film festival in Kolkata in November, it was an ordeal speaking even a few lines. I would forget what I was saying. The NDDC film festival in January was a shade better. Things have improved now.One has to find ways of forgetting the pain...I read Tagore's poetry on stage with Soumitra Chatterjee in January. It was enriching. I had never done anything on stage, where your performance gets an instant response from the audience. While shooting for a film, you only get the fragmented feedback of a few. Here, the audience responded spontaneously. It was very rewarding, more so because I was reading with my old co-star, Soumitra, and that too from Tagore.What occupies your mind these days?There's a lot of churning, a lot of looking back. I'm reading a lot of Tagore, Dostoevsky and all my favourite authors. And I am pruning my life to a manageable degree. Earlier, there was someone to always take care of me. Now, I've to take care of myself. And that's a bother.At the same time, you've got to play the part of both parents to your three children?My children are grown up. They take their own decisions. They're very affectionate toward me and that goes for Kareena as well. She is very much a part of the family. Saif and Kareena complement one another. He's mercurial. She's grounded.You sound very affectionate...I am. I've seen Kareena through the crisis in my family. She was there through Tiger's illness, and very quiet, absolutely not in-your-face. Tiger passed away on September 22 and Kareena's birthday was on September 23. Saif and Kareena were planning to go away but they didn't. That was no big deal. But she made sure no big deal was made of it. It was very nice to have her around at the time. Just before Tiger's death, on his 70th birthday too, she was around. It's so easy to accept her. I am very happy for Saif. He's really lucky. I hope he continues to appreciate her. Otherwise, he'll have me to deal with.What about Soha's beau, Kunal Khemu?He's also very nice. But he's young and trying to find his bearings. He's got many goals in front of him. He will find himself, I'm sure. My daughters are special. Soha is calm and clever, very much like Tiger. Clear in her priorities and very giving.So, there are two weddings coming up in the family?I don't know about Soha, but Saif's wedding is definitely happening. It will happen as soon as the weather improves (after the summer and monsoon).Do you enjoy Saif's new role as the heir-apparent?He is the head of the family now. He is morally responsible for the well-being of his mother, sisters and wife-to-be. He is the support and the decision maker. It's all a bit daunting for him. But he's trying. All of us have worked hard to get where we are. We'd like Saif to carry his father's legacy forward. If he can't add to it, he shouldn't allow it to be eroded either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "13024696", "title": "Jorhat emerging as illegal coal transit hub", "text": "JORHAT: Illegal coal trade in Jorhat district along the Assam-Nagaland border continues even after chief minister Tarun Gogoi expressed concern on the issue. Hundreds of trucks loaded with coal travel via the CM's constituency of Titabor and his hometown of Jorhat to reach Guwahati and other destinations during the night. Sources said coal is brought in from Khar, Maklumba, Manseng and Chanki area in Mukokchung district of Nagaland, but the police turns a blind eye to it.Prabhat Phukan, officer in-charge of Titabor police station, said these trucks use the Mariani-Mokokchung road to reach different parts of the state, but reports say many are now using the Mukokchung-Titabor road. He said: \"In April, we caught two illegal coal trucks after a deputy superintendent was deputed to Titabor. Since then no such truck has been seized.\"P K Das, OC of Mariani police station, said: \"It is true that some coal trucks are passing Mariani in Jorhat district. As per the law, trucks from Nagaland are not allowed to travel at night hours and they are thoroughly checked during the day.\"The illegal coal trade based out of Nagaland has emerged as a concern aafter reports that it was a major source of income for militant outfits. At the recent CMs' conference on internal security in New Delhi, Gogoi had said: \"The illegal coal trade originating in bordering areas of neighbouring states transit through Assam and it is fast becoming a major source of funding for several militant outfits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014658", "title": "Troubled opt for tried &amp; tested methods: Experts", "text": "NEW DELHI: A series of suicide attempts, including the retired government official's bid to kill himself at INA Metro Station, point to an alarming trend of troubled individuals turning to the Metro to end their lives. Saturday's incident is not only the third such incident in three days, but also the ninth this year. Mental health professionals say similar trends are visible globally and they arise simply because the method in question is tried and tested.\"Suicidal people are scared of failing in their attempt because they don't want to face repercussions like seeing family members hurt, dealing with the stigma of being suicidal or even excruciating physical pain. Once they see that a method has worked for one individual, they are inclined to try it themselves,\" says psychiatrist Dr Avdesh Sharma.Adding to that, Dr Dherandra Kumar, director, Psyindia, says, \"Any information on modes of suicides can prompt people with depression or suicidal tendencies to use them, so chances of trying a way that has proven to be successful are higher. Men's tendency to attempt suicide at Metro stations is more than women's as the method is more lethal\".Terming the trend \"copy cat suicides\", Dr Jitendra Nagpal, a consultant psychiatrist at Moolchand Medcity, says, \"Metro stations are spread across the city so they are more accessible than railway stations. They pass through congested areas where people are less likely to notice someone.\"But suicide attempts at Metro stations aren't just about convenience. Dr Sharma says that often people want to spare their family the shame by going away from their home and leaving behind nothing that can identify them. He adds that suicidal people need to realize no method is truly fool-proof - even jumping in front of a train. They should seek help instead of doing something they may regret.Metro officials say they are trying to address the situation and see how the trend can be stopped. \"We are planning to have platform screen doors at six Metro stations and our drivers are well-trained to use emergency brakes when they see something untoward. But in most cases the incident is so sudden that there is little time to react. Now people are also jumping from stations to the road,\" says a DMRC spokesperson.The onus of preventing such incidents, however, doesn't rest solely on the authorities. \"People crave human contact and communication. Society needs to focus on the body language of people and see if they are standing too close to the lines or if they show signs of withdrawal. A simple hello or a smile at somebody who looks lonely can go a long way in preventing such bids,\" says Dr Nagpal. \"Security personnel should be more vigilant and keep an eye out for people who look distraught,\" adds Dr Sharma. Dr Kumar says that media persons should also practise restraint and not mention mode of suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13016682", "title": "Alagar set to enthrall Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Chittirai festival of the Alagar temple in Madurai is unique in the sense that the deity makes a 20-km journey to visit the people of the city, unlike other temple festivals where the devotees go to the temple to see the deity.According to Tamil scholar G Gnanasambandam, the Alagarkoil and its festivals were well researched by professor Tho Paramasivam, former head of the department of Tamil at the Manomaniam Sundaranar university. It shows that this temple is over 2,000 years old and has been mentioned in the ancient Tamil epic Silapathigaram.It was King Thirumalai Naicker who clubbed the festivals of the Meenakshi temple and Alagarkoil as a move to create harmony among saivaites and vaishnavaites. Before Thirumalai Naicker, the temple festivals were held between January and March. The king, however, noted the poor turnout of people to pull the temple cars as this was cultivating time in the fields. He instead shifted the festival to April-May to ensure better participation as it was also a social event.About 500 years ago, the rituals were reorganised and it was believed that Sundaraja Perumal, the deity of Alagar temple, comes to Madurai with dowry for his sister Meenakshi's wedding. But when he is about to cross the Vaigai, he is informed that the marriage is already over and the disappointed deity turns back and decides to visit the people instead of his sister, he said.During this extraordinary visit, the deity visits about 420 houses and business establishments, which are called 'Mandahapadis'. The owners of these Mandahapadis invite relatives and friends for the celestial weddings while almost every household on the deities' route offers water, buttermilk or variety rice to devotees who accompany him on this journey.This is a community festival, where people from various communities relate themselves with the deity and participate in the rituals, he said. The deity Lord Sundaraja Perumal, who left his abode in Alagarkoil on Friday evening, will be welcomed by the people of Madurai at Moondrumavadi early on Saturday morning by way of a ceremony called 'ethirsevai'. During this journey, the deity changes from his celestial attire and disguises himself as Lord Kalazhagar to honour the Velliyankundam Zamindar community which had protected the temple from a great robbery in ancient times. The epithet 'kal' refers to the kallar community. Thousands of devotees from all communities also accompany the deity on this journey disguised as Kalazhagars, carrying with them bags made of goat bladders, which are filled with water. They squirt water on the lakhs of devotees who follow the deity in order to cool them from the sweltering heat.Professor Gnanasambandam said the real purpose of the Lord's visit to Madurai was to free sage Mandooga Munivar from a curse that had turned him into a frog and also to adorn the floral garland strung for him by Sri Andal. He accepts the garland brought all the way from Srivilliputtur at Prasanna Venkatachalapathi temple in Tallakulam.He will enter the Vaigai river early in the morning on Sunday on his golden horse. The PWD is releasing water into the river for this ritual. Over 10 lakh people throng Madurai to witness this event. The 'Dasavadaram', the 10 incarnations of Lord Vishnu, will be enacted at the 'Ramarayar mandapam' on May 8 and the deity will leave for his abode in his floral palanquin on May 9.K Kumaresan (80) says he remembers witnessing this event from his childhood days. \"The crowds are larger now, but the charm continues to prevail,\" he said. Seeing the deity on his visit is expected to bring prosperity and happiness.Offering jaggery to the deity is expected make the entire year successful. Valarmathy says she will be offering pongal, because the deity fulfilled her wish and her daughter got a good groom this year. \"You have to ask and it will be fulfilled,\" said Shanmugaraja, employed in an MNC in Bangalore, who has come for this year's festival. \"My grandmother says it is very important for a person born in Madurai to be here for this important visit,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13015375", "title": "Madhya Pradesh's tiger reserves bag three national awards", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh's three tiger reserves - Panna, Kanha and Satpura have bagged the prestigious awards of National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) for active management, habitat management and village relocation respectively.Union environment and forests minister Jayanti Natrajan gave away the awards for 2010-11 to the three reserves at a function held in Delhi two days ago. With this, MP has walked away with three, out of the eight different categories awards in the country that houses 40 tiger reserves.\"We have got NTCA award of excellence in active management category for reviving tiger population in Panna, park field director R S Murthy told TOI.He said that they tiger population in their reserve has risen to 17 from zero. This reserve had lost tigers in early 2009 allegedly due to poaching.\"Our reserve has got the award for active habitat management. We have kept a watch on fire and developed grassland and water bodies in the park for the wildlife,\"Kanha field director J S Chauhan said.\"We have relocated four villages having a population of around 800 out of the core area of the reserve successfully,\" said Satpura tiger reserve assistant director Ashok Awasthi. \"We started the work in 2006,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13016845", "title": "India, Pakistan peaceniks begin signature drive", "text": "AMRITSAR: Peaceniks of India and Pakistan have begun a signature campaign for a relaxed visa regime between two nations to enable hassle-free cross-border travel for the common man. The campaign aims at collecting atleast 1 lakh signatures of citizens of both countries and presenting them to their respective presidents and prime ministers to apprise them of the aspirations of common people of both countries whose voices generally go unheard.\"Our Pakistan colleagues of Institute of Peace and Secular Studies have already begun the campaign and we are going to begin the campaign in Punjab in near future,\" said president of Folklore Academy Ramesh Yadav while talking to TOI on Saturday. While stressing on people-to-people contact between India and Pakistan, he said, \"When we meet regularly, we understand each other in a better way and also sink our differences and if we don't meet our perceptions about each other are based on hearsay which could be influenced by anti-peace elements,\" he said.The Institute of Peace and Secular Studies secretary Rahimul Haq told TOI over phone from Lahore that they aimed to conclude their campaign on August 14. \"Our teams are on the job in various cities of Pakistan, which also helps to generate common consensus on peaceful existence between two nations other than obtaining signatures of common man,\" he said.Haq added that the peaceniks were not deterred by the designs of pro-war elements which were present in both the countries and had been attempting to sabotage the peace process. He said achieving peace was not a short-term programme and the path was full of several difficulties. Rahimul Haq opined that for a permanent peace, both the governments of India and Pakistan have to undergo major reforms in their administrative and bureaucratic set up and should be positive of forging permanent ties between two neighbouring countries.Meanwhile, a high-level 45-member business delegation led by Godrej Group chairman and CII president Adi Godrej would crossover to Pakistan to attend 2nd Aman ki Asha Indo-Pak economic conference being organized by \"The Times of India\" and Pakistan's \"Jang Group\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13017274", "title": "Protect rights of Hindus in other countries: Joshi", "text": "KANPUR: Senior BJP leader and chairman of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) Murli Manohar Joshi on Saturday accused the Central government of failing to protect the interests of Hindus in neighbouring countries and demanded that it should clear its stand in Parliament.Talking to reporters here on Saturday, Joshi said: \"Human rights as well as cultural and religious rights of Hindus were being violated in different places in the world. The Hindus in Pakistan are facing attacks on their human and religious rights, but the Centre has turned a blind eye to their plight describing it as an internal matter of Pakistan,\" he said.\"We want cordial relations with our neighbours, but not at the cost of the interests of Hindus,\" he added.Joshi said that he had raised the issue but he was told by the ministry of external affairs that it was an internal matter of Pakistan. \"It is not an internal matter of Pakistan but an international issue that should be settled as per international protocol,\" he said adding that about 400 Hindu families have returned to India in recent past.According to him, on an average 30-40 Hindu families were forced to leave Pakistan every month. \"These families were not given any protection or facility in India, the government did not even identify such families,\" he alleged and claimed that the \"Hindus in Pakistan were subjected to threats like abduction and rape of girls, conversion and forced marriage\".They were threatened and harassed even if they get some relief from the court, he said adding that in such a situation they had no option but to leave the place. \"At \"he time of the formation of Pakistan there were 15% Hindus, but today their population reduced to 2%,\" said Joshi.He further stated that not only in Pakistan but the rights of Hindus were also violated in Russia and Sri Lanka . The government never took cognizance of the miseries of such families of its own. \"When I raised the matter in the parliament I was told that the matter would be discussed with the Prime Minister. The government should clear its stand in the parliament,\" he said.Joshi also sought government clarification on the issues of shortage of arms and ammunition raised by Army Chief General V K Singh in his letter to the Prime Minister. \"We want to know the truth and what the government is doing in this regard,\" he said. \"Black money deposited in foreign banks could be utilized to strengthen the army. At a time when India is surrounded by nuclear powers, the BJP wanted to know the government's stand on internal security, he said.Joshi also demanded a detailed and serious debate on the economic reforms in the country. The PM and finance minister repeatedly said that the country was passing through an economic while the economic advisor said that the economic reforms could be possible only after 2014, he said adding that the issue should be discussed extensively in Parliament involving all political parties.\"All these vital issues should be discussed seriously in the special session of Parliament to be held on the completion of 60 years of its existence on May 13,\" said Joshi.Replying a query regarding National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), Joshi said that there could not be separate policies for terrorism; hence both the Centre and state governments should jointly take up the problem. To another query regarding Presidential election, he said, \"I am not in the race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13015481", "title": "Fearing jail, Lalu Prasad the father in hurry", "text": "PATNA: All fathers want to see their children settled and Lalu Prasad is no exception. What's exceptional, however, is the frenetic manner in which he has gone about getting three of his daughters married in the last few months at his sprawling Tughlaq Road residence.Now there's just the youngest, Rajlakshmi, left to be wedded. One would have thought that even in the hinterland of Phulwaria in Gopalganj, Lalu's rural home, a man who has had six of his daughters married may afford to breathe a little easy. But not so with Lalu; he is deeply worried.Not because he has no immediate hope of regaining power in Bihar which he ruled for 15 years, first as the CM and then guiding his wife, Rabri Devi, through the travails of politics. And also not because he was drubbed in the last Lok Sabha elections which led to his exit from Rail Bhavan.The real problem is the infamous \"chara ghotala\" or the fodder scam in which even Lalu's friends fear he may get convicted. \"In Ranchi and Dumka treasury cases in the CBI court, Lalu can't escape prosecution,\" said a close Lalu confidant now in JD(U). \"And he knows this, too,\" he added.\"It's the fear of the dangling sword of conviction that has made Lalu get his daughters married in quick succession,\" said a family loyalist. \"Lalu is a very responsible and caring father,\" he said, adding that he has also settled his elder son Tej Pratap with a two-wheeler showroom in Aurangabad. The showroom is called 'LaRa Agencies', after Lalu and Rabri, but his opponents snigger saying it's just right: it rhymes with 'chara'.Lalu's youngest son Tejaswi, who failed to progress with cricket and never got a chance to play in the IPL, is expected to join politics. Rabri is now MLC and in all likelihood will be made leader of opposition in the Vidhan Parishad.Sources say Lalu could be in trouble for case number RC 20/96 which involves illegal withdrawal of Rs 37 crore, expected to be completed in three to four months. The source added that Lalu may be get convicted in this case and could be staring at a possibly longish jail term.Witnesses produced by prosecution have deposed against Lalu. \"Most witnesses accused Lalu and gave evidence against him. Lalu himself deposed on February 14,\" said a lawyer.Jail isn't an alien place for the Chhapra MP. He was imprisoned four times for brief periods including once in Ranchi. It was in connection with RC 20/96 case that he spent nearly a month in a bacon factory which was temporarily converted into a jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ghumar mandi", "code": "13015763", "title": "Mangats\u2019 obsession \u2014 24 dogs", "text": "GHUMAR MANDI: With six dogs at home and 18 dogs at his farm, his passion for canines over the years has grown by leaps and bounds. Joty Mangat has an uncanny obsession of keeping fighter dogs at home.Dogs from across the border have made way to his house and also who have been rescued from dog fights. \"These dogs are very loving even though they belong to aggressive breeds,\" says Joty, who owns an Afghan Bully (Tuffy) and a Pakistani Bully (Luger).Apart from Tuffy and Luger, he has two female pit bulls named Whiskey and Heeran and also a bull terrier (Mouser) and there is Duke who is a cross-breed between a pit bull and a German Shepherd , which according to Joty is the most ferocious among all. Among these aggressive breeds, there is Bruno, a dachshund which has been with him for over nine years.\"These are brilliant guard dogs that are very loyal. We feel safe with these dogs around and our doors remain open till midnight,\" shares Joty's wife Hatesh Kaur. She added that they keep moving the dogs from farm to home and vice versa so that they become familiar to their kids.For the family, looking after the dogs has never been a difficult task. \"As these are guard dogs and innately aggressive, we can keep some together while others have to be kept separately. We have different rooms for them,\" says Hatesh.Joty's son, Jai Inder, 6, loves his dogs and never hesitates from patting them or feeding them. The Mangats are very particular about the food they offer to these dogs. \"We feed them with dog food and lassi is a must for them during summers. During winters we give them fish oil and eggs,\" says Hatesh.The Mangats have also kept rare species like the Tibetan Mastiff and shar pie at their farm which is situated 16km away from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13015680", "title": "Army chief visits Western Command", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chief of the army staff (COAS) General V K Singh, accompanied by his wife Bharti Singh, arrived at Chandimandir cantonment on Saturday for a day-long visit to the Western Command headquarters. The Army chief was briefed by army commander, Western Command, Lt Gen S R Ghosh on the operational preparedness of the Command and other training and administrative matters. General Singh addressed all officers at the headquarters, including senior corps and division commanders.He awarded the COAS commendation to four personnel of 103 Engineer Regiment for their exemplary courage and devotion to duty during relief and rescue operations undertaken to save people trapped under the debris of a collapsed building in Jalandhar recently. The regiment had rescued 62 workers. General Singh interacted with Rajput Regiment officers and many senior Army veterans while his wife met families of Junior Commissioned Officers and jawans of Chandimandir Military Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13022148", "title": "Three major fire incidents in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Three major fire incidents gutted a plastic factory, damaged a three-storeyed building and injured a woman here today, police said.A plastic factory was gutted in the industrial estate here destroying property worth lakhs of rupees this afternoon.A short-circuit in an electrical transformer in the estate caused the fire and as the 70,000-litre diesel stored inside the factory intensified, the blaze engulfed the factory.It took eight fire brigades over three hours to control the flame.None was injured as the factory was closed on Sunday today.Another fire damaged a three-storeyed building which housed a private boys hostel following a short-circuit here. A woman was injured in the fire.Five huts and a shop were gutted in another fire in the city's Anandnagar locality, but nobody was injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015249", "title": "Dragon dance in garba land to boost Gujarat-China business", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The land of garba will host Chinese opera. As lion bonds with dragon to boost business ties, a 72-member team will stage a Beijing opera, which dates back to the third century, at Motera stadium for three days during the upcoming Vibrant Gujarat summit in January next year.A 300-member cultural troupe from China will stage more events during the investment summit - a clear indication that the dragonland will be part of the Gujarat story after countries like Japan and Canada have already partnered Vibrant Gujarat 2011. This, despite the fact that small and medium firms in Gujarat are wary of cheap Chinese products posing stiff competition.The shows will be translated live in Gujarati and will be fused with episodes from the Ramayana and the Mahabharata.The move comes in the wake of Gujarat aggressively trying to forge business ties with China. In November last year, chief minister Narendra Modi had paid a five-day 'goodwill visit' to China on the invitation of the Chinese Communist Party and the China Chamber of Commerce for Import and Export of Machinery and Electronic Products (CCCM). Modi was the third chief minister from BJP to visit China after Karnataka's former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa and Madhya Pradesh's Shivaraj Singh Chouhan.During the visit, Modi had pitched Gujarat as an investment destination and had also met 150-odd Chinese corporates. The Gujarat delegation had also visited urban centres of Chengdu and Shanghai where Modi had emphasized on cultural exchange.The opera is a traditional form of Chinese theatre developed in eastern China's Zhejiang province. Though banned during the cultural revolution (1966-1976), it was revived over the last two decades.\"Apart from the Chinese opera, we will book multiplexes during Vibrant Gujarat to run famous Chinese movies like 'Let's Fall in Love', 'Forever Enthralled' among others. These films will be dubbed in Gujarati. About 20 cooks will teach Chinese vegetarian dishes after tying up with local hotel associations,\" says Jagat Shah of the India China Economic and Cultural Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13016737", "title": "Traffic diversions on May 6, 9", "text": "MADURAI: The city police effected traffic diversions in Madurai in view of Lord Kallazhagar's entry into river Vaigai on May 6 and \"Poopallakku\" on May 9.A statement from the police said vehicles will be allowed on Albert Victor Bridge and Yanaikkal New Bridge from 3 am till Lord Kallazhagar reaches Ramarayar Mandapam.Vehicles holding VIP passes from New Natham Road, Alagarkoil Road, Anna Nagar and KK Nagar shall reach AV Bridge through Periyar Statue, Aavin Junction, Anna Bus Stand and Panagal Road. Vehicles with VIP passes from south Madurai shall take East Gate, East Marret Street, East Veli Street and Anna Statue to reach AV Bridge.City buses and heavy vehicles from New Natham Road, Alagarkoil Road and Melur Round, bound for East Gate and Simmakkal, will be diverted through Race Course-Natham Road Junction, Pandiyan Hotel Junction, Periyar Statue Junction, District Court, KK Nagar Arch, 80 Feet Road, Aavin Junction, Aravind Eye Hospital Junction, Kuruvikkaran Salai, Kamarajar Road, Munichalai Junction, Old Kuyavarpalayam Road, St. Mary's Higher Secondary School Junction and South Veli Street.All vehicles from Periyar bus stand, bound for New Natham Road, Alagarkoil Road and Melur Road will go through Kattabomman Statue, South Marret Street, St. Mary's Junction, Old Kuyavarpalayam Road, Munichalai Junction, Karamarajar Road, Kuruvikkaran Salai, Aravind Eye Hospital Junction, Aavin Junction, KK Nagar 80 Feet Road, KK Nagar Arch, District Court, Periyar Statue Junction, Alagarkoil Road, IOC Junction and New Natham Road.All vehicles from Thathaneri bound for New Natham Road, Alagarkoil Road and Melur Road should take LIC junction, Kulamangalam road, Sellur 60 feet road and PT Rajan Road.The city police have also effected traffic diversions for Kallazhagar Poopallakku festival on May 9. A statement said since Poopallakku (palanquin) of Lord Kallazhagar would proceed from Alwarpuram Ramvilas Naidu Mandapam to Ramanathapuram Sethupathi Raja Mandapam at Tamukkam, all vehicles from Yanaikal new bridge heading towards New Natham Road, Alagarkoil Road and Melur Road shall take MM Lodge junction, Khan Sahib Puram, E2 E2 Road - Arasan Sweets Junction, PT Rajan Road, Bibikulam junction, Jawahar Road, Union Office and Race Course Junction.No vehicles heading from IOC roundtana to Gokale Road would be allowed to ply through Tamukkam. Similarly vehicles would not be allowed to ply from Gandhi Museum junction to Tamukkam junction.Vehicles entering the city from New Natham Road, PT Rajan Road, Alagarkoil Road and Melur Road would be diverted through Race Course Road, Raja Muthiah Hall, K K Nagar Arch, K K Nagar Road, Aavin Junction, Aravind Hospital, Kuruvikkaran Road bridge, Kamarajar Road, Munichalai Junction, St Marys Junction and South Veli Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13015944", "title": "PHD Chamber holds session with bank officials", "text": "LUDHIANA: With a view to facilitate its members to interact and resolve credit and finance related issues of Medium Small and Micro Enterprises (MSMEs), PHD Chamber organized an interactive session with the senior management of Federal Bank, one of the leading private sector banks in India here on Saturday. The focus of the session was facilitating finance for MSMEs.Federal Bank executive director Abraham Chacko along with the senior management and operational team of the bank addressed the participants on various financing options available with the bank for MSMEs. Delivering the inaugural address, Chacko said, \"The Federal Bank is currently concentrating on MSMEs in Punjab cluster out of its main presence in five states -- Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Punjab.\" He said MSMEs should be cautious of hedging techniques to mange foreign exchange risks.The programme helped in generating awareness about the continuous initiatives of the Federal Bank across various business verticals among the borrowers, deliberated on solutions to problems faced while dealing with such verticals and also offered excellent networking opportunities for representatives of leading industrial houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13024632", "title": "Dima Halam Daoga may withdraw from peace process", "text": "GUWAHATI: Fuming over both the Centre and the state government for dilly-dallying in signing the proposed peace agreement, armed rebel outfit Dima Halam Daoga (DHD) reiterated that is has been thinking of withdrawing from the proposal made by the government.According to the outfit, which is on ceasefire for the last nine years, the government has only been delaying the peace process.\"Even after being on ceasefire for such a long period, the government is yet to settle the agreement. These delaying tactics have compelled us to think about rejecting the proposal made by the government unless they ensure us an agreed formula,\" said Mondol Chandra Langthasa, CPRO of DHD.The outfit has called for a complete work halt in all the ongoing work on national projects for 36 hours from 5am on May 8 to 5pm on May 9 in the district.\"DHD will move against all national projects going on in Dimaland. We have asked the following projects to halt their work for the time being: the broad-gauge conversion project of NF Railway from Lumding to Agartala via Badarpur and Silchar, activities of ONGC and Neepco and the east-west corridor project under National Highway Authority of India (NHAI),\" he added.DHD said \"This protest is symbolic and only the first phase. If the governments fail to respond to our demands, we will completely stop work of all national projects in the region.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13016818", "title": "Orphanage owner held for child abuse", "text": "GURGAON: Suparaana Sethi, who was \"running\" an orphanage in Wazirabad village, was arrested on Saturday for conspiring with the main accused in sexually assaulting minors at her orphanage.The Gurgaon police arrested one Rachit alias Raju, a helper at the orphanage, on Friday after a complaint of sexual abuse was lodged at the Sushant Lok police station earlier in the day.Both the accused were produced in a city court and sent to judicial custody. A bail application was also submitted in the local court for Suparaana Sethi and was scheduled for hearing on Monday. The administration and the police have, meanwhile, shifted 19 orphans from the sealed Wazirabad premises to an alternative shelter home - Aarushi - in Sector 21.According to the investigating officer, prima facie, the involvement of the owner cannot be ruled out since the main accused allegedly raped the minors at Sethi's Greenhouse apartments.Meanwhile, a team of officials from the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights visited the premises where \"Suparaana Ka Angan\" was being run. Following the visit, the team criticized the deputy commissioner, the sub-divisional magistrate and the district child project officers for their \"gross negligence\" .Vinod Kumar Tikku, member , NCPCR, pointed out that regular reports expected from district authorities as well as the welfare officials had never reached the NCPCR.\"I am not happy with your work. Even the district administration is not paying any attention to the gravity of the matter which results in such crimes. Situations are like these are clear indicators of utter failure at the administrative level,\" said Tikku. The NCPCR team paid avisit to another place where a branch of the orphanage was being run. The members directed the police and district administration to confiscate all documents from the premises for investigation.The team spoke at length with one of the inmates of the orphanage who was present at the premises at the time of their visit. According to residents of Wazirabad, Sethi would keep to herself and did not interact much with others around. \"Her orphanage got a lot of donation in the form of food and clothes from even foreign nationals visiting it. We would often find truck-loads of such goods being unloaded,\" said Santosh, a villager.\"Raju had been earlier involved in this kind of activity but the owner got her back calling him her son,\" said a resident of Greenhouse apartments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13020182", "title": "Devendro in final of Kazakhstan's President's Cup", "text": "NEW DELHI: Olympics-bound Indian boxer L Devendro Singh continued his fine form at the International Republic of Kazakhstan President's Cup by entering the finals with a thrilling win in the last-four stage in Almaty.The 20-year-old triumphed over his more experienced opponent -- Olympian and Asian Games silver medallist Birzhan Zakipov of Kazakhstan -- in an enthralling contest to make it to the final round.Devendro, who beat Russian boxer Egorov Vasily in the quarters, made a strong start and set the pace of the bout with his fluent ring movement.He was leading 3-2 after the opening three minutes of play and continued to add to his tally with some precise attacking in the second.Zakipov though, kept coming back at Devendro with his counter-offence and was close on heels, trailing by just two points (11:-).In the final round, the Kazakh boxer tried hard to take the game away from the Indian, but Devendro was solid in his defence. He lost the round but managed to win the bout on countback after the scores were level at 16-16.\"My opponent was a very experienced boxer and fought with very sound technique and strategy, it was a tough fight and I am very happy to have returned on the winning side of it,\" Devendro said.He will be looking to secure his first gold medal on the senior tour when he takes on Cuba's top Light Flyweight boxer Yosvany Veita in the summit clash.The other two Indian boxers in the fray in the round of four -- Asian Games silver medallist Manpreet Singh (91kg) and debutant Kanwar Preet Singh (+91kg) -- had to settle for a bronze medal finish from the tournament.The two Indians lost out to the respective Kazakh opponents in the semi-finals. Manpreet put up a brave fight against Abduganiev Arbek but in the end came up short 12-19. Kanwar, on the other hand, went down in a one-sided contest, losing 3-13 to Dichko Ivan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "while talking to toi, deputy chairman of planning commission reveals about steps taken to bring reforms in the country. excerpts", "code": "13017039", "title": "India\u2019s economic growth is not just linked to reforms: Montek Singh Ahluwalia", "text": "While talking to TOI, deputy chairman of Planning Commission reveals about steps taken to bring reforms in the country. Excerpts:What are the key reforms that the government should immediately undertake?Let us distinguish between \"reforms\" , which mean changes in the policies or laws, and \"executive action\" which means taking decisions within the existing structure or system. Both are important, but for immediate effect right now, I would concentrate on executive actions. The most important area to act is making sure that implementation of large projects in the infrastructure sectors is accelerated . There are problems related to environment and forest clearances which could easily be speeded up. Some relate to resolving fuel supply problems for thermal power plants and dealing with domestic coal shortages and planning for coal imports. We currently have an environment in which the bureaucracy has become reluctant to take decisions that may become controversial. But mechanisms can be devised to overcome this. We have identified many of these problems and steps are being taken to address them. I hope this effort will gain momentum. Another important area of executive action relates to macro-economic management . We have set a target for reducing the fiscal deficit and we must ensure that it is met. This is not a reform - it is simply doing what we have said we will do. That may include some difficult things, like for example the adjustment in fuel prices, which the Prime Minister himself mentioned recently. Apart from this, there are \"reforms\" we must undertake . These don't have an impact on the economy immediately - their impact is felt over time, but they are also important in the short run because they affect the investment climate, which is depressed at present. There are several such reforms in the pipeline. FDI in retail is an area where the government has said they are working to build a consensus. There are very important bills in Parliament, relating to banking and insurance which would send a good signal. Most important of all is the GST, which would be a major game changer if we can get a consensus among the states. And don't forget Aadhar which is rolling out very well and can be a game changer in delivery of critical services and benefits.Do the compulsions of coalition politics make it difficult to pursue tough economic reforms?Tough reforms are always difficult, even in a single party government since different views will be reflected within the party as they should be, but in a coalition it is definitely more difficult, by definition. That is true not just in India but all over the world.Some experts and agencies have said that they don't see any meaningful reforms until a new government is in place in 2014. What is your assessment?I definitely don't share that view. Those who are getting despondent should remember that better economic performance in the next year or two does not depend on reforms alone. We grew for five years at 9 percent; poverty declined and we have achieved record food grain production. All this happened even though the \"reforms\" that people are currently worrying about were not done. Right now, we should focus on reviving the investment climate and improving implementation of infrastructure projects and bring back rapid growth and job creation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13015414", "title": "Tryst with blasphemy", "text": "NASHIK: When 19 Kashmiri girls visited Nashik on a cultural exchange programme recently, they were welcomed at the Hutatma Smarak (martyrs' memorial) in the heart of the city with enthusiasm, pomp and fervour. The girls from Anantnag, aged between five and 19, were scheduled to stay in Nashik with some local families for two to three months. The objective of the exercise was to assimilate the girls in the national mainstream and in the process acquaint them with the people and culture of Nashik.During their stay they were also to be taught vocational skills of their choice, including computer operations and local cuisine, besides tours in and around Nashik to acquaint them with the local culture. Their arrival in Nashik had led to excitement in several quarters with many families volunteering to play hosts.The group was broken up into batches and sent to the selected families. As days passed, the girls got acquainted with the families, their culture and cuisine, and of course befriended children in such families; the whole exercise was expected to reach its desired end as scheduled.However, in about a month, the girls were whisked away to Pune, from where they were sent back to Anantnag. The families where they used to stay in Nashik were told that after a short trip to Pune, the girls would come back to Nashik. The host families waited but the girls never returned. While those involved in the whole exercise have preferred to seal their lips and refrained from making a statement, despite repeated attempts to contact them, it is learnt that the scheduled tour of the girls was altered after objections were raised by some religious fanatics. It is learnt that some individuals and organizations objected to the girls staying with Hindu families and claimed that it was blasphemous.While religious fanaticism and orthodoxy in any religion has always promoted cohesion to keep the flock together, mingling of people and interaction with different cultures and religions has always been promoted for peaceful coexistence and harmony. While fanatics would be fanatics, the surprising factor is that those who initiated the exercise and welcomed the girls at a function at the Hutatma Smarak chose to remain docile. The objective of building martyrs' memorials is to inspire people about the courage and vision of those who made sacrifices to bring about a change for the betterment of society. Reforms are always met with opposition by hardliners, who resist change, but change is brought about by reformers who do not give up. It is not known what impression of Nashik the girls carried back home, but it would certainly be not something that was originally intended as part of the programme.On a collision courseThe elected representatives of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and the civic administration headed by officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu appear to be on a collision course over meeting the octroi collection target. Velrasu, in his budget proposals for 2012-13, had advocated that the existing system of collecting octroi through a private agency be continued and set a target of Rs 656 crore. However, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), which rules the NMC with support from the BJP, mooted the idea of scrapping privatization, making other parties fall in line.With the date of expiry of contract with the private octroi collection agency a fortnight away, the civic administration is in a bind over preparing itself to collect octroi, which is a major source of revenue. While civic leaders are pressurizing the administration to recruit more employees for the purpose, Velrasu, who appears to be skeptical about achieving the octroi collection target, is already in the disclaimer mode. He has been expressing doubts about meeting the target even before taking over octroi collection from the private agency. Since the NMC is already in a financial crisis and needs funds to manage civic affairs, a drop in octroi collection would spell doom for it.For the MNS, which had campaigned against privatization of octroi done by the erstwhile Sena-ruled NMC, the decision being reversed after wresting power is a small victory, but without options. The standing committee, a crucial panel of the NMC that controls its financial decisions, is headed by the Congress, which teamed up with other parties, including the Shiv Sena , to isolate the MNS. The moot question is that why can't NMC employees collect as much octroi as a private agency?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13015044", "title": "Worker falls to death from 15th floor, two held", "text": "MUMBAI: The project engineer and the site supervisor of an under-construction high-rise in Versova were arrested after a worker, Mustukin Sheikh (31), fell to his death from the 15th floor of the building on Friday.The police said Sheikh, who worked as a mason, had removed his safety harness while taking a break and had not worn it again when he returned. He was working on one edge of the 15th floor of the high-rise, which is nearing completion, when he slipped and fell.Sheikh died on impact and his body was taken to Cooper Hospital. The project engineer and the site supervisor of the building were later arrested for negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "sangrur (punjab)", "code": "13015813", "title": "Punjab hunts for 5 'fidayeen'", "text": "SANGRUR (PUNJAB): A day after the Union government issued an alert on a possible terror strike in four states, including Punjab, intelligence agencies circulated pictures of five suspected fidayeen. Punjab police have access to the photos of suspected fidayeen and going by the threat perception, paramilitary forces have been put on security, officials said.Central intelligence agencies have alerted Punjab police of probable attacks at oil stations in Sangrur, Jalandhar and the recently-inaugurated Bhatinda oil refinery. Working on these inputs, police have increased security arrangements and have involved CRPF and BSF in manning the oil depots. A company of CRPF has been stationed at the Indian oil depot at Sangur.Patiala IG Paramjit Singh Gill, DIG L K Yadav and SSP Harcharan Singh Bhullar have visited the depots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13020548", "title": "Indian women lift Asian Squash title; men falter against Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian women squash team on Sunday created history by winning its maiden Asian title by defeating top seed Hong Kong 2-0 in the final in Kuwait.The men's team, however, went down 0-2 against Pakistan in the summit clash in the 16th Asian Team Squash Championship.In the women's final, Joshna Chinnappa, ranked 71st in the world, waged a grim battle against world number 16 Joey Chan before winning 11-3 11-8 8-11 11-8 in 38 minutes to put India 1-0 ahead.Dipika Pallikal, ranked 14th, then complemented the superb show by her compatriot, winning 11-8 12-10 11-8 against world number seven Annie Au in 32 minutes to seal the issue in India's favour.India's best performance in the women's team championship was a silver medal at the last championship held in 2010 in Chennai.Unperturbed by the difference in rankings, Joshna stamped her class over Chan right from the beginning. She took advantage of the fact that the day before, her opponent had to endure five hard games against her Malaysian counterpart Delia Arnold.Joshna's aggressive play, laced with delicate drops and deception, was simply too much for Chan to handle as she dropped the first game 11-2 in less than 10 minutes.Joshna kept her composure to keep at bay an aggressive Chan in the second game. The Hong Kong racqueter seemed to be warming up in the third game and her shots were more effective as she had the Indian scurrying around the court.Unaffected by the loss of third game, Joshna came back with a vengeance and wrapped up the fourth game and match to give India the much needed first point.Dipika went in next against world number six Annie. Dipika had never beaten Annie earlier but that did not deter her determination.Dipika's aggression paid dividends against Annie, who is renowned for a steady lob and drop game. The Indian kept the pressure on her opponent throughout the match with her aggressive play and characteristic finishing shots.Annie made a gallant fightback in the third game, but Dipika held her nerves to claw back from 4-7, winning six straight points to help India collect their first ever Asian senior women's title.The Indian men's team, however, faltered at the last hurdle against arch rivals Pakistan.National champion Saurav Ghosal squandered a 2-0 advantage and went down in five games to Pakistan's number one Farhan Mehboob in the first singles.The script did not change in the second singles as Siddharth Suchde lost to Farhan Zaman in five games.The India's men's team equalled its silver-winning performance in the team championship in the inaugural edition of the tournament held in 1981 in Karachi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "13015916", "title": "Energy Tech concludes with a pledge to keep planet green", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: The finals of Energy Tech 2012 hosted by Guru Nanak Public School (GNPS), Sarabha Nagar, were held on Saturday. The results of mime, face painting and debating matters were announced after students displayed their skills at these competitions.In mathematical model making, KVM bagged the first position, BCM Shastri Nagar stood second, while GNIPS and BVM Kitchlu Nagar were placed third.Sacred Heart Convent School, Sarabha Nagar, was declared first in debate, while BCM Shastri Nagar stood second and GNIPS was declared third.BCM Shastri Nagar, stood first in mime presentation, GNIPS was declared second and Spring Dale bagged the third place. Students were at their creative best when it came to face painting and BCM Basant Avenue students bagged the first prize. BCM Shastri Nagar stood second with DCM Presidency and Sacred Heart Sarabha Nagar jointly won third position.When it came to exercising their grey matters in the quiz competition, MGM Public School were declared first. BCM Shastri Nagar won second prize and Sacred Heart Sarabha Nagar won the third position.Principal Mona Singh congratulated the winners and said, \"Energy Tech was an initiative to generate awareness about clean and green energy for the benefit of our planet.\"BCM Shastri Nagar bagged the Jagat Singh Memorial Running Trophy for the second consecutive year. Students from 20 schools from Ludhiana, Phillaur and Patiala participated in the fest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015599", "title": "Staff crunch, poor infrastructure hit urban health posts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sakeena Begum, a resident of Darulshifa, is seven months pregnant and is contemplating delivering her baby at the neighborhood urban health post (UHP). Her faith in the abilities of the medical officer at the health facility is unshakable. However, given the strength and experience of the paramedics there and the poor condition of the infrastructure, her family members are not keen.For many like Begum, the free of cost services provided by their local UHPs appear like a boon. But unavailability of adequate staff and quality facilities during the hour of need makes it a risky bet for the patients.The public healthcare system in Hyderabad loosely comprises a four tier system. At the first level are the urban health posts mostly with outpatient and referral services. The second level consists of civil hospitals and maternity centers, then come the area and district hospitals and at the fourth level are tertiary hospitals like Osmania General Hospital and Gandhi Hospital. Each UHP caters to an average population of 60,000 and is managed by one medical officer and four multi-purpose health associates (MPHA). Currently there are 64 UHPs functioning in the city with 18 in the Old City alone. Of these, deliveries can be performed at only two out of the 18 centres in the Old City.Speaking on condition of anonymity, medical practitioners at UHPs say that besides providing outpatient care, they are often compelled to address other medical issues like road accident cases, burns and sometimes deliveries. Though ideally such cases ought to be referred to other hospitals, emergency situations demand immediate medical aid. And it is during this time that the lack of infrastructure and trained staff can hurt the public as well as the medical practitioners.\"The MPHAs can handle field work easily but they are not medically trained. They are involved in collecting data from the field on periodic basis but when it comes to medical work they are not competent. They have to observe the doctor at work and then learn. There is also a need for nurses , lab technicians and pharmacists. Only then can people be given comprehensive round the clock treatment,\" said a medical officer at one of the UHPs in the Old City. A medical officer who is also one of the members of the Telangana Government Doctor's Association said that the doctors at the UHPs are unwarrantedly burdened with administrative tasks when they should be serving the people. \"Record keeping and population data maintenance feature among the taxing administrative work done at the UHPs. This takes away the doctor's time. Unlike in PHCs in rural areas where doctors are provided with a junior assistant, the doctors at UHP are not,\" said the officer. He added that even lab technicians and pharmacists who work in rural PHCs do not feature among the list of employees at the UHP centres.Such inefficiency of the UHP system was brought to light in 2011 after which the government decided to reevaluate the urban health system. But according to sources, the reevaluated plan does not address the issues faced by either public or the medical practitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13017375", "title": "Agriculture college teacher disappears with 85 answersheets, booked", "text": "PUNE: The College of Agriculture, Pune, has registered a complaint of criminal breach of trust against guest lecturer Laxmikant Deshmukh, who allegedly took 85 answersheets for evaluation, but did not return them. The answersheets were for the first semester examination for Masters of Business Management, Agriculture(MBM (Agri)) course.The college has been unable to declare the results for the first semester examination, which is likely to cause academic loss to MBM (Agri) students.Pandurang Shendge (48) the professor in charge of the MBM (Agri) course, registered a complaint with the Shivajinagar police station on Friday.According to the police, Deshmukh, a representative of United Crop Care Private Limited, is a resident of Harshal Park apartment in Karvenagar. He was hired as a guest lecturer at the College of Agriculture. He gave lectures to MBM (Agri) students between October 18 and December 7, 2011.The college also asked Deshmukh to evaluate the answersheets of the first semester examination for the paper ABM 507. He was told to collect 85 answersheets on January 22 this year and was supposed to check and return them by January 31. However, he collected the answersheets on January 29 and never returned them, police said.Police further said that college officials tried to contact Deshmukh on his phone, by email and also at his workplace and residence. They sent letters to his native place in Aurangabad. But he could not be contacted. As the answersheets given to him were not available, the college was unable to declare the result for the ABM 507 paper.Shendge's complaint says that the results for the first semester exam are usually declared by mid-January to February. Results for all other subjects have been declared on time.Senior police inspector Pandharinath Patil of the Shivajinagar police station told TOI that Deshmukh's cellphone call details will be checked to get leads in the investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13015861", "title": "Gaganendranath paintings to be displayed during Hillary's Victoria Memorial visit", "text": "KOLKATA: An exhibition of paintings by Gaganendranath Tagore could be the principal attraction for Hillary Clinton during her seven-minute visit to Victoria Memorial on Sunday.\"This exhibition was supposed to begin from Monday. But we have arranged for the special exhibition a day before so that the visiting US secretary of state could have a glimpse of the famous oriental art form,\" said a monument official.This apart, the entire ground floor that houses the famous central hall museum is being decked up to offer a grand view of the famous paintings covering the gradual evolution of the city and its central business district, churches and rows of palatial buildings that have found their place in the heritage list. Next, the monument management committee has a complete gallery to offer the VVIP visitor, portraying historic events and objects of Kolkata and Bengal.\"The air-conditioned museum next to the central hall displays Bengal's most important events and objects from 1690 to 1911. Among the many objects here, we offer a cannon ball which was used in the battle of Plassey. It was recovered from the war field,\" said a Victoria Memorial official.The authorities are leaving no stone unturned to ensure that Hillary's visit passes without a glitch. The galleries of the museum have been spruced up while a security drill was organized on Saturday - both inside the historic marble-domed structure, the garden and the periphery of the premises - to ensure foolproof protection for the US secretary of state.\"Every step of Hillary during her seven-minute stay will be monitored by the US consulate and her security entourage. We have to abide by instructions. How long she will finally stay and what objects she might be interested in will be conveyed to us only half an hour before her visit. But, we are ready to exhibit a variety of artifacts, paintings and other objects that will take her back to the glorious days of Kolkata,\" said a senior official of Victoria Memorial.Victoria officials had a busy Saturday preparing for those seven precious minutes they've been told Hillary will be at the museum, subject to a final missive from the US consulate in Kolkata half an hour before the VVIP reaches the memorial. Everything, including the entrance to the museum as well as the artifacts, has been spruced up.Half a dozen security personnel were seen checking every minute object visitors were carrying to the museum. Every visitor was screened by a metal detector installed at the museum's main gate. US Secret Service officers who've come down to Kolkata ahead of Hillary's arrival, too, visited Victoria Memorial at 1.30 pm on Saturday to inspect security arrangements in its interiors and its lawn.From Sunday morning, the entire memorial premises will be taken over by Kolkata Police's special task force. The top brass at Lalbazar is continuously liaising with the US consulate on security arrangements inside and outside the sprawling monument.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016185", "title": "Additional District Magistrate Lucknow sent to local bodies", "text": "On Saturday, Commissioner and secretary board of revenue Manoj Kumar Singh was relieved from the additional charge of director, land acquisition.Principal secretary, minority welfare and Muslim waqf, Prabhat Kumar Sarangi was posted as director, land acquisition, board of revenue. Secretary, home, Leena Jauhari was transferred to minority welfare department.Principal secretary, urban development, Praveer Kumar was given additional charge of urban employment and poverty alleviation programme department.Principal secretary, rural development, N S Ravi was put on waiting list and additional resident commissioner at Delhi Rajiv Kumar has been given additional charge of the department.Those shifted include additional district magistrate, Lucknow, Alok Kumar. He was transferred to local bodies directorate as deputy director. Anil Kumar has been made joint director of information directorate, Lucknow.Anil Kumar Yadav has been posted as deputy housing commissioner, housing development board, Lucknow. Sudhir Kumar Dixit has been posted as joint managing director, UP Sugar Mills Federation, Lucknow.Narendra Kumar Singh is new managing director of UPDESCO, Lucknow. Shiv Shyam Mishra has been made director women welfare directorate, Lucknow and Rudra Pratap Singh additional housing commissioner, housing development board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13016560", "title": "Charity and chopper rides", "text": "She gave till her life was snuffed out. When Claire Squires, 30, took part in the London Marathon on April 22 to raise money for charity, little did she know it would be her last run. But what happened after that was astounding. Within three days of her death, donations had topped more than \u00a31 million.While pecuniary donations are the easiest form of charity, giving time, expertise and goodwill often leave a bigger impact. Some are so novel they grab headlines for their sheer quirkiness. In Columbus, Ohio, an individual gave away an original Picasso print which could fetch thousands of dollars to a thrift store. It was bought recently by a bargain-hunter for a mere $14.Meanwhile, in Kozhikode, retired engineer Premachandran spends his day taking calls from all over the world. Natural, considering he's a numerologist. What's not so natural is the consultation fee that's for free. Numerology for him began 50 years ago when he advised an Anglo-Indian woman working with General Electricals against marrying a certain boy of Indian origin in South Africa. \"Her marriage was getting postponed and she wanted advice. I told her the marriage wouldn't work. That's exactly what happened.\"Since then, he's been taking some 200 calls daily. His clients are many - doctors who can't reach a diagnosis, bureaucrats who are falsely implicated and PMs who wanted to know how long they will last in their posts. They proffer many rewards - a Rajya Sabha seat, for instance - but this simple man who doesn't even own a computer says, \"It has nothing to do with me, it's all in their destiny\".M Nanda Govind's form of charity, too, is quite out-of-the-world. Literally. The Chennai businessman cremates people free of charge. He washes the dead body, helps with the rituals and even stands in as a son for families that don't have one. Unclaimed bodies are given the same respect. \"The soul should not leave the world orphaned,\" says Nandu, as he's better known.His altruism started when a friend's kin passed away and there was no one to help the distraught family. Nandu lent a helping hand and since then he's been a guiding light for many. He has done some 1,300 cremations and is so zealous that people assume it's his full-time job. \"No amount of money can replace service,\" he says. And that's why he doesn't change his mobile number - too many people need him.Companies are also innovating their versions of charity. Sikorsky helicopters recently got one of its S-92 choppers to fly from the US to five cities in India and give 200 underprivileged children the ride of their lives as part of its 'Legacy of Heroes' global programme. Air vicemarshal (retd) Arvind Walia, executive VP, India &amp; South Asia, Sikorsky, says, \"Our two women pilots interacted with these kids, ate with them and gave them videos.\"The company will also give them scholarships and health insurance. Walia says this priceless experience will motivate the children all their lives. India is fertile ground for foreigners to do charity. Boston-based Valerie McDyer and her husband Freddy Gonzales were part of a rickshaw charity run for Frank Water (an organisation that funds sustainable clean water projects) from Jaisalmer to Cochin on January 1. These fundraisers have been at it for eight years in Africa. In India, 70 rickshaws took part and McDyer's team, Delhi Bellies, came second. Despite numerous breakdowns, they sputtered along gamefully to raise $4,981. McDyer says, \"A dollar a day can feed, clothe and educate a child in many countries. Coffee in the US costs more, so we have an obligation to help the less fortunate.\"Delhi Bellies was followed by Dysentery Dodgers, comprising Englishmen Ed Rayfield, Max McLaren and Richard Hudson who did a charity run from Cochin to Shillong. Despite the stomach-churning name, their \u00a33,500 collection was quite palatable. McLaren says, \"We even promised incentives - for \u00a310, the donor's name is put on the rickshaw, for \u00a350 he gets an Indian souvenir, and for \u00a3200 or more his cutout is carried throughout the journey.\" As they say, charity is what charity does.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13019836", "title": "Match-fixing saga once more on big screen", "text": "NEW DELHI: His sports management company went kaput when he was dragged into the 1999 match-fixing scandal and businessman-turned-actor Aushim Khetarpal is now ready to bring alive his ordeal in a soon-to-be-released film, which he says portrays his journey from sports to spirituality.Radiant Sports Management, a company owned by Khetarpal in the 1980s and '90s, was hit hard by the match-fixing scandal of 1999 during which he became a subject of investigation in both India and England.The fixing controversy erupted when former England cricketer Chris Lewis made the sensational claim in a British newspaper that Khetarpal had told him that he had approached three England players to fix matches. The then New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming had also accused him of offering a bribe to fix matches, an accusation that was categorically denied by Khetarpal.Over two decades have passed since then and he claims that his name has been cleared by Scotland Yard after investigations.\"I spoke to Fleming to discuss the organisation of a benefit series in Mohali but he misunderstood and claimed that I was trying to bribe him,\" said Khetarpal.\"All hell broke loose, there were raids at my offices. I was on the front pages of newspapers with stories about how I was involved in match-fixing. It went on for days. At that time, I made a film Shirdi Sai Baba and my life changed for the better,\" he recalled.\"That film got me a President's Award for national integration and I realised that life was to change big time for me,\" he said.Khetarpal claims his name was eventually cleared and all those friends who abandoned him got their due.\"The first half of the Mahesh Bhatt film 'Jannat' is actually my story because I had this sixth sense to guess the outcome of matches but I was never involved in match-fixing. I had a flourishing business to take care of and I was deeply involved in sports in general. It was not just cricket.\"I used to speak to Mr Jagmohan Dalmiya so many times a day but after that scandal, he would not take my call even once. He even said that 'I don't know Aushim Khetarpal',\" said Khetarpal referring to the former ICC and BCCI chief who is now relegated to being the Cricket Association of Bengal head.He is now ready with another film 'Om Allah', which he says, would present his story as it unfolded at that time and how he took the spiritual path after the ordeal.\"It is my story. This film is releasing next month. I will play myself in it and give the audience my version of the events that changed my life,\" said Khetarpal.The film, produced by Khetarpal and directed by Faisal Saif of 'Jigyasaa' fame, also stars Pakistani actress Meera in the role of a journalist. It also features Milind Gunaji, Kavita Radheshyam, Kiran Kumar and Upasna Singh.\"I have the blessings of Sai Baba with me. He is the one who put me on this path and showed me where I truly belonged,\" he said.Apart from producing and acting in films like 'Shirdi Sai Baba' and \"Om Allah', Khetarpal has also produced and featured in 'Come December' and 'Baba Ramsaa Peer' which is scheduled for release later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016654", "title": "Patna University to hold entrance test, interview for its courses", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) on Saturday announced the dates of entrance test and interview for admission to all its self-financing and vocational courses. The entrance test and interview would be held from June 21 to July 7 and the admission to all the vocational courses would be completed by July 15. The university has also revised the fee structure of different courses in order to bring uniformity.PU vocational courses chief coordinator U K Sinha said the sale of application forms for admission to these courses will begin on May 9 and the last date of submission of application forms would be June 20.In Patna Science College, the test for admission to BCA, biotechnology and environmental science courses would be held between June 23 and 26, while the test for BCA, BBA and mass communication course in Patna College will be held on June 21 and 22.In Magadh Mahila College, the entrance test for admission to BCA, PGDCA, BBA, MA (music), BA in social work, PGD in population education, PGD in women and child welfare and B Com (Honours) would be held between June 21 and July 7.In B N College, the test for admission to BCA (science and arts), biotechnology, geohydrology, BBA, functional English and certificate course in nutrition and dietetics would be held from June 23 to 30. The dates of entrance tests for post-graduation level self-financing and vocational courses have also been announced.The revised fee structure for different courses would be Rs 36,000 for BCA (three-year course), Rs 45,000 for BSc biotechnology and environmental science, Rs 60,000 for BBA and mass communications, Rs 15,840 for PGDCA, Rs 20,780 for MA (Music), Rs 24,000 for BA in social work, Rs 33,420 for B Com (Hons), Rs 60,000 for MSc environmental science, Rs 36,000 for MSc biotechnology, Rs 40,000 for MSc biochemistry, Rs 54,000 for MCA, and Rs 36,500 for Master in Finance &amp; Control and MBA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13015026", "title": "Mercury rises in Mumbai, veggie, oil prices soar", "text": "MUMBAI: Summer inflation is scorching the wallet with staple household items like tomato and potato coming to cost up to three times the average rate. Worse is in store given that the government recently increased the export limit of sugar. Prices that had stabilized to Rs 34-35 per kg are now likely to shoot beyond the average.\"Staple vegetables without which no meal is complete have come to cost the earth. Tomatoes are selling anywhere between Rs 30 and Rs 45 per kg, three times over the average Rs 10-12. Potatoes cost Rs 20-24 in the retail market, twice the regular rate,\" says Shrikant Desai, a government employee who lives in Bandra (E). \"We were so happy when the government implemented the Sixth Pay Commission report and increased our salaries, but inflation is fast eating into the additional income.\"What angers citizens is the complete lack of correlation between wholesale and retail prices. Vendors have begun charging up to 100% more than wholesale rates in areas like Malabar Hill, Bandra, Andheri and Borivli and residents do not know whom to complain to. Ramchandra Buchke of Navnath Fruit Agency in Navi Mumbai says the wholesale rate of apples and grapes has fallen by 30-40% since last week but the reduction has not been passed on to consumers. Grapes, for instance, cost Rs 60-70 in the wholesale market, while imported apples cost Rs 100. But retail consumers are paying up to Rs 150, even Rs 200, in Mumbai.As if inflationary pressure was not enough, customers complain that retailers in Mumbai are devising new ways to cheat them. \"Residents in Andheri and Borivli report that grocers and vegetable sellers quote a low price for an item, and once the consumer orders a fair amount and prepares to pay, they suddenly quote a higher figure, accusing the buyer of not having heard correctly,\" says Ashwini Mehta, who finds this trend rampantly growing in Four Bungalows and Lokhandwala markets in Andheri (west).Ameya Vartak, who delivers vegetables and fruits to homes in central Mumbai, does not deny the presence of cartelization working to consumer's detriment. \"Inflation has increased legitimate costs of labour and transportation as well. But when prices go up, buyers also fall prey to mixing where unscrupulous vendors add substandard produce to the finer variety,\" he said. \"So consumers may pay less but they get low quality stuff for that price.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13015840", "title": "Teens clean up Neelankarai beach", "text": "CHENNAI: Children from the Environmental Foundation of India (EFI) removed 21kg of non-degradable material from a portion of Neelankarai beach on Saturday.EFI, an organization, whose members are teenagers, holds various workshops and awareness programmes in schools and public grounds. The beach is also the famous nesting ground for the Olive Ridley turtles, many of which die choking on hazardous material on the beach. \"We took up the initiative to clean the beach because it is one of the major attractions during summer time, and a lot of waste gets accumulated here,\" said Class 11 student Malini Hari, who heads conservation for EFI.The group also has a number of lake and river restoration projects lined up, starting with a six-month clean up of a biodiversity park that starts on May 13th.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13024485", "title": "Revision of voter list underway in district", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district electoral officer (local bodies) Anil Kumar has issued directives for the revision of the voter list and survey of the polling booths for the upcoming local bodies elections. He has also sought the support of the representatives of political parties in this connection. The revision of the voter list will be done till May 25.The district electoral officer (local bodies) was interacting with the representatives of the political parties at Sangam gallery. He said the suggestions given by the political parties would be incorporated.Kumar said persons above 18 years can get their name included in the voter's list by filling Form 3a. For changes in the voter list, the person concerned should fill up form 3b while for removal of a name from the voter's list, form 3c should be filled.The work of the revision of the voter list would continue till May 25. During the drive, name of the voters would be included and changes in the name would also be made. The work of inclusion and changes in the voter's list would be made in accordance with the attached documents including certificate of date of birth and address proof.In support of date of birth ,any one of the following documents would be accepted-(i) date of birth mentioned in the transfer certificate issued by last school attended or any other recognized educational institute,(ii) class X marksheet,(iii) markesheet of class eighth if has date of birth,(iv) markesheet of class fifth if has date of birth(v) declaration given by the parents that the person concerned is not educated till class X in the requisite format (declaration should be given by verification through the officer nominated by electoral registration officer/assistant electoral registration officer).He clarified that the certificate of date of birth would be essential for the applicants between 18 and 21 years. However, in other cases the declaration of the candidate in relation to the age would be accepted and no age proof would be required.Kumar said the applicant should also mention the address of the place of the residence along with the pin code and should also attach one proof of the residence. This can include any one of the following(i) passbook issued by bank, post office(ii) ration card/passport/driving license of the applicant(iii) water tax bill/telephone bill/electricity bill/gas connection bill(iv) letter issued by the postal department at the address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13009731", "title": "It helps to know people in the industry: Aditi Rao", "text": "Actor Aditi Rao Hydari of the 'London Paris New York' fame who has snapped an untitled film opposite Irrfan Khan, says she will beging the shooting of the film, next month. \"I am getting some interesting offers but nothing is confirmed at the moment,\" she says.Talking about her role in film, aditi says, \" It is a fun, commercial project and I am looking forward to it\". Though her last film, opposite Ali Zafar sank at the box office, aditi confesses not much has changed since the film's release. \" The critics have been very nice to me but I realized it makes a world of difference to know people in the industry,\" she explains.However, besides the royal status that she wears lightly on her head, not many know that Aditi is related to Aamir Khan's wife Kiran Rao . The two are cousins, reveals Aditi, choosing to play down the relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13015353", "title": "Teja denies taking help from Bhanu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Noted director Teja on Saturday denied that he had approached gangster Bhanu Kiran to settle a property dispute. Bhanu in his reported confession to CID said that he was approached by Teja to settle a property dispute. In his confession, Bhanu, however, told the CID that he did not play a direct role in settling the issue. He reportedly told the CID that his associate Ediga Srikanth Goud had said that he would look into the issue.Director Teja told STOI that he had never approached Bhanu or any of his associates. \"There is no truth in it whatsoever. If the issue was settled, then why did the matter go to court? This itself means that there was no attempt from my side to get anybody's involvement in it to settle the property dispute,\" Teja said.The matter pertains to a property dispute between Teja and another producer Chadalavada Srinivasa Rao. When allegations against Teja surfaced last year, the CID had summoned the filmmaker and questioned him about the issue. Teja said he met CID officials second time but the officials reportedly said there was no need to question him again.However, now in the wake of the reported confession made by Bhanu about his involvement in Tollywood affairs, the CID may again question all the people, whose names have come out in Bhanu's confession, including Teja. \"If I am called again, I will certainly cooperate with the investigating agency,\" Teja said.There is also some confusion about which producer Bhanu was referring to when he said he settled a seven-acre land dispute near Chirec International School at Serilingampally for him. He had named a producer called Sivaramakrishna. \"It's not me. I never approached Bhanu and I do not have any land in the place that has been mentioned,\" said Burgupalli Sivaramakrishna. He said if it was some other Sivaramakrishna, it would be up to CID to find out who it is.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13015478", "title": "World Laughter Day: Indore goes ga ga over laughter yoga", "text": "INDORE: Laugh and the world laughs with you. Following it to the letter, Indoreans are taking to laughter yoga like never before. There are 65 laughter clubs in the city with membership of some 5,000 men and women from different walks of life. Those using laughter as therapy have evolved a host of games as part of exercises which may include pizza pasta game, clapping &amp; chanting, childlike playing greeting and milkshake.Even the corporate houses seem to be waking up to importance of therapy. Viscus Infotech in Indore has made it mandatory for its staff to have two 'laughter breaks' in the office. Rotary Paul Harris School for mentally challenged children does also have a similar kind of exercise for its inmates. Niti Billore, principal of the school, said, I have observed that the mentally challenged children have picked it up quite easily.Iram Ahmad, administrative officer, Viscus Infotech, said I have observed that the productivity of the staff at my office, numbering 95, has improved like anything ever since we introduced the laughter session for them a couple of months ago.Even banks like are SBI not behind to go for laughter yoga with a vigour.Talking to ToI, JS Bisht, who is a certified laughter yoga teacher, agreed that laughter yoga is not a panacea. But it acts as a complementary therapy for the treatment of a number of diseases including cancer, asthma , blood pressure, stomach related ailments, heart disease and even depression.For Sunday, a host of programmes are lined up on the occasion of World Laughter Day. World Laughter Yoga Federation is holding a special laughter session for all its members, numbering 1,000. OP Gupta, founder president of the federation said, they want to spread the message of laughter therapy to as many people in the city as possible.Suniket Laughter Cub, Indore, will hold a special session of laughter yoga on this occasion with a number of fun games tomorrow. Radhika Bisht, who is also a certified laughter yoga teacher, says that the exercise has been found useful for woman.Facebook has helped us a lot. Unlike gatherings like kitty party, ladies sangeet, laughter session helps us a lot in connecting to each other quickly, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13016972", "title": "Indian scribe becomes first Asian-origin UK councillor", "text": "LONDON: Philip Abraham, an Indian journalist from Kerala , has been elected as a councillor in the UK, becoming the first person of Asian origin to be elected to the Loughton town council.Philip Abraham, editor of Kerala Link, won the election to the Loughton town council. Philip contested as a candidate for the Loughton Residents Association (LRA), a non-political party from the Alderton ward.Loughton was one of the strongholds of British National Party , BNP, with five of its members in the Council after the election held in 2008.Philip is the first person of Asian origin to be elected to Loughton town council where the migrant population is less than 2%.\"Initially I was bit sceptical about door to door canvassing in a ward which elected two BNP candidates in the last election. However, I conducted a strong campaign and obtained 606 votes out of 902 polled,\" Philip said.\"I did not encounter any hostile attitude towards me and I was overwhelmed by the warmth and support received from the residents of Alerton ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "13015454", "title": "Memories of slain bodyguards haunt Alex Paul Menon", "text": "RAIPUR: His two bodyguards were gunned down before his own eyes. And their memories have not only \"shattered\" and \"disturbed\" Alex Paul Menon but also made him \"sleepless.\"The Sukma district collector, who arrived home on Thursday tweeted his desire to visit their families away from the media glare. He tweeted, \"Amjad n Kisun were very affectionate to me and so was I to them. Memories of these two boys are making me sleepless.\"On Saturday morning in a series of tweets from his Twitter account @alexpaulmenon, Menon also unveiled his plans. \"Wanna go back to my office, continue doing what all I had planned for this district with the same enthusiasm and passion,\" he tweeted. Later he announced , \"Have resumed charge in Sukma itself and will go to office today.\"He thanked the people around him for moral support, tweeting \"Thanx 4 all your support. In 32 years of my life I have not earned any but people and affection. It's a great moral support for me 2 continue here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13014690", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation all set to tackle high tides during rains", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will keep its fingers crossed in June hoping that heavy rains don't clash with days when the height of tides is likely to cross the 4.5-m mark. The highest tide (4.89 m) is slated for June 6.Mahesh Narvekar, chief officer, disaster control cell, told TOI, \"The city is well prepared for the monsoon and all arrangements have been made. The highest tide, 4.89 m, is expected to take place after the monsoon starts. There will be a problem if the city gets a heavy downpour of over 100mm in an hour.\"On June 5, 6 and 7 and July 5, the high-tide levels are expected to be near the 5-m mark. There is a chance of water logging on these days if the weather plays spoilsport. The disaster cell has identified the first weeks of June and July as the period when the tides will across the 4.5 -m mark.Civic officials said citizens will be alerted in advance through text messages and schools will remain closed if there are heavy rains or a chance of flooding on these days.Citizens can call on 108 to reach the BMC's disaster management cell in case of an emergency and the respective ward officers will be informed within two minutes of the call. Narvekar said the disaster control cell has informed the navy and the Coast Guard about the pre-identified high tide days and will take their help if necessary.On Sunday (May 6), tides are expected to be higher than usual as the moon, which will appear to be little bigger and brighter, will be closest to the earth. The civic body claims that the supermoon phenomenon will not cause flooding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13015189", "title": "Duo tries to loot finance company", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a daring loot attempt, two armed robbers entered a gold finance company office in broad daylight and tried to scare the manager and his associates. However, entry of a customer caught the robbers off-guard and the manager pushed the alarm trigger. Baffled, the robbers fired two rounds but failed to hit anyone and scooted with their hands empty. Police suspect an insider's role in the episode.Vejalpur police said that Narendrasinh Sisodiya, branch manager of Muthoot Finance's Vasna branch at Madhuvan Avenue near Jivraj Mehta Hospital, was in the office along with an associate at 1.15 pm on Saturday. The duo had stayed back to go through the week's accounts, while other staff members had left.\"At that time, two men entered the branch. One had a handkerchief tied around his face whereas another had a driving helmet on. The duo spread in the L-shaped office and took position against the two staff members. One of the men closed a window whereas another closed the office door. They then asked Sisodiya about the safe room. He pointed towards end of the office,\" said an official.Sisodiya was forced to open the door when a woman, later identified as Sangeeta Jani, entered the office and was taken aback by what was happening inside. One of the robbers got her in so as to prevent her from screaming and took her to another side of the office. She continued her protest when Sisodiya seized the moment and pulled a lever activating alarm system.\"The duo got startled by the sound and passersby started gathering near the office. In anger, the duo fired two rounds targeting the staff but missed the mark and fled from the spot,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13014712", "title": "Sale of Mumbai\u2019s land for infra projects must stop: Sharad Pawar", "text": "MUMBAI: Sale of Mumbai's land for the development of its infrastructure must stop, said NCP chief and Union minister Sharad Pawar. \"The money for infrastructure development is raised by the MMRDA through the sale of land. This sale is going to the other extreme and must be stopped. The land belongs to the working class,\" he said.Lambasting the state legislature for neglecting Mumbai's development, Pawar said the state should not forget that 50% of its income comes from the city. Criticizing the state's budget for 2012-13, Pawar said only Rs 336 crore was allocated for educational purposes in Mumbai, which contributed Rs 33,821 crore in sales tax and is number one in excise as well as Customs collection. \"Yet, it receives a pittance,\" he said.Pawar also expressed displeasure over hate-mongering against migrants. \"No Marathi manoos wants to work as a taxi or an autorickshaw driver, a cow herd, a tailor, a carpenter, on horticulture farms and in foundries. They don't even want to go fishing on the high seas,\" said Pawar. \"These workmen come from Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Orissa, Rajasthan. They create wealth for the country and must be respected.\"Pawar was speaking at a symposium, Maharashtra - Past, Present and Future, organized as part of the birth centenary celebrations of the state's first CM Yashwantrao Chavan at Vidhan Bhavan on Saturday.During an interaction with mediapersons later in the day, Pawar said the civic situation in the city was bad. \"The collapse of Mumbai is not a good thing for the state,'' he warned, adding, \"Several companies are moving out of Mumbai for this reason.\" He said his party, the NCP, was also guilty of neglecting the city. \"There is no minister from the city; most of them come from rural areas and they look after their areas. It is time we take corrective steps,\" he said.\"It is heartening is that there still exists 50% greenery in Mumbai,\" he said referring to the ongoing Open Space exhibition in the city organized by architect P K Das and supported by TOI. He said Maharashtra no longer produced enough foodgrain to feed its own populace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13015388", "title": "Punjab minister gets 1-year jail for office car misuse", "text": "MOHALI: A Mohali court on Saturday sentenced Punjab's agriculture minister Tota Singh to one-year rigorous imprisonment for misusing his official car while he was the education minister between 1997 and 2002. He was later released on bail after furnishing a bond.In the last one month, Singh is the second minister in the Parkash Singh Badal government to be convicted by a court. Earlier, another cabinet minister Bibi Jagir Kaur was sent to jail for charges, including criminal conspiracy, in the mysterious death of her 19-year-old daughter, Harpreet Kaur, in April 2000.When asked if Singh would resign from the cabinet, Shiromani Akali Dal spokesperson Daljit Singh Cheema said, \"It is his personal issue. The party cannot comment till we see a copy of the judgment. We will have to wait till the party head (SAD president Sukhbir Badal) returns from his official visit abroad,\" said Cheema.The court held that Singh caused \"huge loss to the funds of state education board, which were meant to spend for the welfare of students\".Quoting Bhagwat Gita, additional district and sessions judge Rajinder Aggarwal observed, \"Man has endless desires and his lust to satisfy those desires put him in trouble.\"Singh was convicted under Section 13 (2) of Prevention of Corruption Act. The court slapped a fine of Rs 30,000 on him. He was released on bail following a surety bond of Rs 25,000.Singh has now been given time till June 5 to file an appeal against the orders and if he failed to get his sentence suspended from the high court, he would have to surrender.Singh's case relates to a car (PB65-A-270), which was issued to Veena Dada, official on special duty to the then chairman of the Punjab School Education Board (PSEB) for her official purpose. However, the car was used by Singh and his family members in his constituency.The Punjab vigilance bureau registered a case in 2002. During the trial, Veena Dada claimed she used the car for official visits with Tota Singh, who was then education minister.The court found Veena Dada had countersigned entries in the car's log book but it was not used by her. Court, however, acquitted Singh from two other charges, including possessing assets disproportionate to his income and misuse of official telephone.The court said that \"a minister has to lead others by example. When the person who is at the helm of affairs conducts himself in such a manner, the others are bound to follow\".The court also issued notices to Veena Dada and two other PSEB employees, asking them why proceedings of perjury should not be initiated against them as the court felt they tried to shield Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13020882", "title": "Actor Ganesh Babu turns director", "text": "Actor E V Ganesh Babu, who has acted in more than 30 films including Bharathi, Autograph, Mozhi, Sivakasi, Oorukku Nooruper and Anandhapurathu Veedu, is turning director with Yamuna, being produced by Srihari Balaji Movies.Ganesh has also directed and acted in 500 stage plays. His drama Oruthi has won so many international awards.The actor-turned-director says that it was his fair complexion that forced him to take up acting while he always had the ambition of becoming a director.Talking about the film, he says, \"Yamuna has a strong social theme. Millions of people are not being provided basic needs like food, clothing, education, medicines and shelters. Since they are dependant on others for their basic needs, they are being exploited by some selfish groups. When such a group acts against the welfare of society, a hero will arise who will be forced to battle against them. Yamuna describes such a war between a hero and a group.\"Sri Ramya is the heroine of Yamuna which also includes Vinodhini, who has acted as sister to Ananya in Engeyum Eppothum. Kavipperarasu Vairamutu has penned six beautiful songs. Ilakkiyavan who has done many popular albums will compose the music while P O Chidambaram handles the camera. Shooting of Yamuna will take place in Tanjore, Trichy and Kumbakonam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13019525", "title": "Hillary Clinton arrives in India, to meet Mamata Banerjee tomorrow", "text": "KOLKATA: US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has reached Kolkata on a three-day trip to India.Hillary Clinton is scheduled to meet West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday.Hillary's visit comes amid hopes of reinvigorating a relationship seen as losing steam despite years of efforts to bring the world's two largest democracies closer.Clinton will be wading into a row over Iran, which is sending a large trade delegation this week to New Delhi despite US threats to slap sanctions in a matter of weeks on countries that buy the Islamic republic's oil.Yet Clinton may find her final stop on a three-nation tour the most easy-going, after a tense visit to China defusing a crisis over a dissident and a stop to urge reconciliation in polarised Bangladesh.Clinton said that she saw ample progress in relations with India, pointing to rising trade and cooperation in areas from education to clean energy.\"I think it's like any relationship -- there is progress in some areas that we are very heartened by, and there is more work to be done,\" Clinton told reporters.\"But that's the commitment that we make when we say to another country, we want to be your partner,\" she said.The United States and India, which had uneasy relations during the Cold War, started to reconcile in the late 1990s under former president Bill Clinton and reached a symbolic milestone when his successor George W Bush championed a deal that ended India's decades of isolation over its nuclear programme.But longtime champions of the relationship have begun to voice disappointment, with US businesses upset that India's Parliament has not passed legislation they seek to enter in the nuclear and retail sectors.India has bristled at a US law that would impose sanctions on banks from countries that buy oil from Iran due to concerns over its contested nuclear programme. Only EU nations and Japan have so far been given exemptions to the law which starts on June 28.India has been reducing oil imports from Iran, but is highly dependent on foreign energy and has historically enjoyed friendly relations with Tehran.TP Sreenivasan, a former Indian ambassador to the United Nations , said that expectations for the US-India relationship had not been met but that Clinton had the advantage of being considered a friend of New Delhi.The visit \"comes at a useful time as there is a certain amount of strain in relations that needs to be rectified,\" he said.\"The relationship has lost momentum partly because there is nothing new that either side can think of and also both are preoccupied with their own internal problems,\" he said.But C. Raja Mohan, a distinguished fellow at the Observer Research Foundation, said that India and the United States had the same objectives in Iran and would likely want to \"keep their differences to manageable limits.\"\"Contrary to what one might think, the relations are reasonably on track in terms of their engagement. The US is in election mode; India has its own problems,\" Mohan said.Experts noted that the United States made little fuss last month when India tested its nuclear-capable Agni V missile, which can reach far into China, a far cry from fierce US condemnation of New Delhi's nuclear efforts in the 1990s.\"Now the US views India as a strategic partner with growing economic and political clout that will contribute to promoting security and stability in Asia,\" said a paper by Lisa Curtis and Baker Spring, fellows at the Heritage Foundation , a conservative US think tank.India has recently worked to repair relations with historic enemy Pakistan, removing one potential headache for the United States whose own relations with Islamabad have been in crisis since last year's killing of Osama bin Laden .(With inputs from AFP)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13022818", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: Post offices to register pilgrims", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Shri Amarnath Shrine Board (SASB) today said 100 post offices across the country would register devotees for the annual pilgrimage this year.The post offices are located in Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh , Punjab, Haryana, Bihar and Gujarat, an SASB spokesman said.The list of all the 100 post offices was available on the website of the Board, he said.The post offices would start registering pilgrims from May 15, the spokesman said.The pilgrims could also register on-line on the website of the Shrine Board from May seven onwards, he said.Intending pilgrims needed to obtain health certificates from registered medical practitioners before seeking a Yatra permit, the spokesman said.\"Even those Yatris who register on-line shall need to furnish health certificates for embarking on the pilgrimage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13017092", "title": "Japanese government scholarships for undergraduate programmes", "text": "BANGALORE: The Japanese government is offering scholarships for undergraduate programmes in its university. These are offered by the ministry of education , culture, sports , science and technology.Those born between April 2, 1991 and April 1, 1996 are eligible. Educational qualification includes completion of Class XII or higher secondary on regular course or school education. Students must be willing to undergo one-year Japanese course and then receive education at a specialized training college or in a technology college or university in Japan.Candidates will be selected through written examination and the interview will be conducted by the Japan consulate in Bangalore. Japanese language skill is not compulsory for this examination. Application forms and information on the scholarships can be obtained from the consulate at 1st floor, Prestige Nebula, 8-14, Cubbon Road, Bangalore-566001.Applications can be downloaded from . For more information, call 080-40649999. The filled-up forms with testimonials can be dropped at the consulate or sent through post before 5pm on June 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13019185", "title": "'Kahaani 2' for Nawazuddin?", "text": "After 'Kahaani' a missing husband seems to be the new formula in Bollywood. Some time ago Jaya Bachchan had expressed the desire to do a remake of her 1973 film 'Phagun' written and directed by Rajinder Singh Bedi, where Waheeda Rehman's husband played by Dharmendra goes missing. Jaya had played the daughter. The remake, we hear, will star Jaya in the role that Waheeda Rehman immortalized.In the meanwhile another interesting film about a woman's search for her missing husband seems to be quietly being shot in several exotic out-of-the-way spots of North India including Shimla and Himachal Pradesh.Interestingly it stars the supremely gifted actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui who also played a pivotal role in 'Kahaani'. Nawazuddin is now gearing up to shoot for a very unusual road film called 'Liar Dice', directed by the Malayalam actress-director Geetu Mohandas. His co-star is the Sikkimese model-actress Geetajanli Thapa who plays a wife in search of her husband.Reveals Nawazuddin,\"It's about a girl looking for a husband. I play the man who helps her in the road trip to look for her husband.\"Uncanny similarity to 'Kahaani'?Shrugs Nawazuddin, \"There may be some resemblance. But that's just a coincidence. 'Liar Dice' is my first romantic film. But not the usual romance. It's the story of a woman in search of her husband. I am the man who helps her in the search. Her journey begins in Himachal Pradesh and we travel by road to Delhi via Simla. It's a start-to-finish road film to be shot on location. I am now shooting for the film non-stop till 6 April.\"Doesn't 'Liar Dice' sound like 'Kahaani'?Says Nawazuddin, \"You mean the woman looking for her husband? But no two pursuits are the same. Every search has its own destiny and destination. Hopefully my search for roles of substance and with footage has ended.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13014722", "title": "Partly relaid roads an invitation to mishaps", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though residents are happy with the relaying of roads across the city, at many places the smooth relaid road is causing mishaps. Reason: the contractors have not relaid the full width of the roads at many places, leading to accidents when two-wheeler riders slip to the lower level.Last year, after a hue and cry by Nagpurians over poor condition of roads across the city, the Bharatiya Janata Party ruled Nagpur Municipal Corporation had started relaying of road works some time before the civic polls. The work was done across the city and condition of roads had improved significantly. But the half-hearted work by NMC contractors is causing resentment among motorists.\"It seems that the work was carried out in a hasty manner, without the milling process,\" said motorists. At many places, contractors have not relaid the full width of the road. With only three-quarters of the road having been laid, the rest of the road is now an inch or two lower than the fresh asphalt. This can cause accidents as bikers skid on the uneven part. The roads where such work has been carried out includes the busy Great Nag Road, North Ambazari road, Amravati Road, West High Court and East High Court roads.Motorists pointed out that NMC has closed one side of Nag Road due to ongoing construction of a bridge. To ensure a smooth ride, NMC had tarred the other side of the road, which is being used for two-way traffic. However, the incomplete tarring of the road and the consequent uneven road is now proving to be a trap for unsuspecting two-wheeler riders.A similar situation can be seen on North Ambazari road. On either side of the road, the contractor has not relaid the entire width of the road. \"Since the remaining part of the road is good, one drives with a degree of comfort. But the moment he slips into the lower level, it jolts him or her,\" pointed out a resident of Gandhi Nagar, Madhukar Gite.While the sudden descent into the lower level itself is quite unnerving, pillion riders also face the risk of falling. Climbing back onto the main road also requires skilful manoeuvring skilfully. Otherwise, the motorcyclist's nightmare - skidding - is a shocking reality. \"Why are roads not levelled after so much of work and hardship to people?\" asked a vexed youth.A TOI reader too had pointed out a similar problem at Subhash Nagar through a letter recently.Senior PIs Avinash More and Manoj Sidam from traffic police too expressed concern over this situation and said that they had already approached NMC to repair the roads at the earliest.Despite repeated attempts, NMC's PWD chief engineer AN Shambharkar was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13015605", "title": "Ghaziabad gang rape: Cops seize car", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The Ghaziabad police on Saturday recovered the Scorpio inside which a 24-year-old engineering student was allegedly gang-raped at the parking of Mahagun Mall in Ghaziabad. One of the accused, Nabbu Bhati, had surrendered on Friday evening while the other, Sandeep Bhati, is on the run.SSP Praveen Kumar said that following the questioning of accused Nabbu Bhati, the police recovered the SUV from Kaushambi cut in Ghaziabad. \"Nabbu had surrendered before the police on Friday evening while the other accused, Sandeep Bhati, is still at large, but our teams are tailing him and the accused is likely to be arrested soon,\" Kumar said.A local court on Saturday sent Nabbu to Dasna Jail.The police remained tightlipped about the medical report of the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13014914", "title": "Dabolim airport will not be scrapped, says Alina", "text": "Former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha's widow Alina has begun her campaign for the Cortalim bypoll on June 2. On the sidelines of a day-long plastic clearance drive at Housing Board-Upasnagar on Saturday, Alina Saldanha spoke to Karsten Miranda in an exclusive interview.The chief minister has announced that he will be inducting you in the cabinet on Tuesday. But now the chief electoral officer has advised the government to defer the expansion to allow a level playing field for the bypolls. What is your view on this matter?I feel that as long as no law is violated and given that fact that in the past there have been similar situations (of inductions before being elected), I do not see anything wrong with it. I think it is the prerogative of the chief minister to decide who he wants to induct in the cabinet. However, I wouldn't want to be responsible for violating any law. Even Matanhy was very insistent and would always see that that no law was violated in any situation.When Matanhy was campaigning in Cortalim, one of the assurances he made was that the medium of instruction issue (MoI) would be solved. The issue is still unresolved and the new academic year is less than a month away. Have you got any assurance that grants would be released to English medium schools? If not, will you take up the issue with the CM?I am sure that these issues are being taken up by the chief minister and that he will contact all stakeholders for a debate and that he will be find an amicable solution acceptable to all the stakeholdersActivists say that Matanhy always wanted Dabolim international airport to continue and had opposed Mopa. If the Dabolim airport has to shut down, activists say that many beneficiaries who are from various villages in Cortalim stand to get affected by this move. What is your view on the same?I do not want to comment on the Mopa airport issue but as far as Dabolim airport is concerned, yes Matanhy was always fighting for Dabolim and has kept many documents on the same. The Dabolim airport will be retained and is being expanded and may be the Navy will move out. The question of people dependent on Dabolim getting affected does not arise as the Dabolim airport will not be scrapped.With the situation slightly changing in the backdrop of MoI and Mopa issues coming to the fore, how do you view your chances of winning the elections?I feel very confident of getting the same support from the people of Cortalim constituency, the way they supported Matanhy. They firmly believed that he would deliver all that he promised them and if I have decided to fight the elections, it is with the sole purpose of fulfilling Matanhy's dreams and making sure that I deliver to the people of Cortalim. The people know this, the people from all over Cortalim, and across Goa also are telling me they are with me. I leave it all to God; I believe God will do what is best for the people and for me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13016508", "title": "Deceased SHO's family demands action against transferred cops", "text": "JAIPUR: The family members of deceased SHO Phool Mohammed have demanded prosecution and stricter action against five policemen who were transferred on Friday, over one year after they were accused of abandoning the SHO in front of a violent mob and running away in Sawai Madhopur's Surval village. The mob had burnt to death the SHO.The cops have been transferred even as some legal experts say that under certain sections in the Indian Police Act they can even be prosecuted for their cowardly act.A mob had tied Mohammed to his jeep and burnt him to death on March 17 last year. The state government on Friday transferred two DySPs - Satpal Singh and Motilal -- and three SHOs - Sri Chand Nehra, Iftekhauddin and Govind Singh -- from Sawai Madhopur district. While Satpal Singh and Motilal were asked to report in the state's CID - CB, Sri Chand and Iftekhauddin have been sent to Jodhpur Range. Govind Singh has been transferred to Bikaner Range.A report prepared by then IG, Bharatpur, Madhusudan Singh had implicated eight police officers including the then SP Vishnu Kant. The only action against these officers were to transfer them from the district. In the two recent IPS officers' transfer on April 29 and 30, Dr Vishnu Kant was first transferred to Baran, but then his posting was put on hold leading to speculations that it could be because of his alleged negligence in handling the mob fury.In the report, these police officers have been accused of retreating while leaving Phool Mohammad at the mercy of a violent mob. The mob became violent when a youth jumped to death from an overhead water tank demanding action in a murder case. At that time, police officers from DySP rank to constable were present. But, when the mob became violent after Meena's death, the police officers ran away leaving their vehicles behind.\"These five officers will not be given field postings until an inquiry against them is completed,\" a senior police officer.However, the victims' family members said that when an inquiry has already been completed what is the need for another inquiry. Preferring anonymity, a relative of Phool Mohammad, who also is in the police department, told TOI: \"It is completely an eye-wash on the part of state government. These officers are apparently being shielded. They should be suspended and then prosecuted,\" said the family member.Advocate A K Jain told TOI that under the certain provisions of the Indian Police Act, a policeman could not leave his colleague in danger and run away. \"Under Section 29 of Indian Police Act, a policeman can be sentenced upto three months imprisonment,\" said Jain.Jamaat-e-Hind's national secretary Saleem Engineer said: \"Transfers cannot be considered as punishment at all. Keeping these officers posted in the district for over a year gave them a chance to influence the probe. The CBI that is investigating the Phool Mohammad case should take legal action against these officers including then SP and the district collector,\" said Engineer.He added that the CBI has not shown promptness in investigating the Surval case as much as it showed in Dara Singh encounter case and Bhanwari Devi case. \"It shows the CBI is acting biased,\" said Engineer.What's in the reportThen SP Vishnu Kant was unable to assess the gravity of the situation. He did not reach the spot on time and didn't play a proper supervising role.Officers found negligentSP Dr Vishnu Kant, CO, Sadar, Mahendra Singh, CO, rural Motilal Choudhary, CO SC/ST cell Satpal Singh, SHO Bhrkhanda Kalan Srichand Nehra, SHO Ranwajana Dungar Iftekhruddin, SHO Malarna Dungar Govind Singh and SI Sumer Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13016228", "title": "Civil services aspirant lands in cops net", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Saturday arrested an aspiring civil servant in connection with the recruitment racket that came to light on Friday and recovered demand drafts worth Rs 9 lakh from his possession apart from 12,000 applications for the 52,000 posts of computer instructor that were advertised through a bogus website by the name of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (computers). The police have worked out a mechanism through which the applicants will be able to get the value of bank draft refunded from the very branch which has issued the demand draft.At the instance of an accused, who is a native of Balrampur district, police have named two more persons in the case and announced a cash reward of Rs 5,000 on each of them. All the three accused have turned out to be civil services aspirants putting up at private hostel in Aliganj. The arrested accused has been identified as Shivendra Singh. He identified his co-accused as his brother Siddharth Singh and their common friend Santosh Kumar Jaiswal. While the brother duo claims to hail from Balrampur district, Jaiswal is a native Azamgarh.\"We have got the three bank accounts of the accused frozen. The respective banks have been informed about the criminal conduct of the accused and also that there is every possibility of their bank account having money earned through the racket, which has now been established as illegal,\" said deputy inspector general of police (DIG) Lucknow Ashutosh Pandey who is personally supervising the investigations.The issue pertains to a website named Computer Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (CSSA), which sought applications for 52,000 posts of computer instructors across Uttar Pradesh. Since the SSA is one of the most popular government projects underway, scores of jobless youths were taken for a ride by the website. The advertisement sought applications accompanied with a demand draft of Rs 80 each as processing fee. SC and ST candidates were required to submit a demand draft of Rs 30 only.The website stated that the selected applicants will have to pay another Rs 500 each for a mandatory refresher course into the nature of their job. Once the training is complete, the appointments will follow. Every employed candidate was promised a remuneration of Rs 6,000 per month.What actually caught the attention of some applicants was the address to which the applications and demand drafts were to be sent: Post Box number 1, Aliganj Post Office, Lucknow. Aware that government departments as a principle never use post box addresses, some applicants contacted the project director Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) UP on Thursday to confirm if the project has advertised for such posts. The officer denied that any such recruitment drive has been launched and ordered an FIR against the website owners. On Friday, an FIR was lodged in this regard by the Administrative officer of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) project's Uttar Pradesh chapter of the state government.Tracing the details of the Post Box number 1 from the postal department police found the address of Awadh Boarding - a private hostel and raided the premises. Police nabbed a youth present in the room, the number of which was mentioned in the postal department documents and arrested him. He identified himself as Shivendra Singh. The arrested accused however denied any role in the racket. \"I have done nothing unlawful. I am only being framed in the case,\" Shivendra said after his arrest.The DIG said that the entire racket was designed in a manner that it appeared to be something similar to the government project in the name of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. \"Even if we assume for a moment that it was an independent private project then too, they neither have the infrastructure to train the candidates nor any opening to appoint the 52,000 applicants that they have promised in the website advertisement. It is a simple case of fraud that is being committed in a well planned manner,\" the DIG said.Police ask applicants to collect feeLUCKNOW: Taking into account the condition of the 12,000 jobless youths who have already applied for 52,000 posts of computer instructors, the police have worked out a system to ensure that each of the applicants could get the refund of the bank draft that they had submitted as the processing fee for applications. \"We have the names and postal addresses of all the 12,000 applicants. We are sending postcards to these applicants directing them to contact the branch of the particular bank from where they have got their demand drafts made,\" said deputy inspector general of police (DIG) Lucknow Ashutosh Pandey, who is personally supervising the investigations into the case.\"I agree that the DDs are worth Rs 80 each and the amount is not big enough, but more than the money, the intention is to send a message across to all the 12,000 jobless youths who have applied for the job, that the police is concerned about them,\" the DIG said adding, \"Usually most of these jobless youths have frustration piling within them and the police action will at least ensure that this incident does not add to the frustration that they may be undergoing already.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13016853", "title": "How safe is India\u2019s first integrated check post at Attari?", "text": "AMRITSAR: While the officials here are still busy negotiating technology issues for the installation of truck scanners at the newly commissioned Integrated Check Post (ICP) at Attari, the customs department has expressed serious reservations over the security of land port and have suggested for strengthening the security of not only ICP but also of daily Beating the Retreat ceremony.Sources closely associated with the construction of ICP told TOI on Saturday that the Pakistan government had shown more concern on strengthening their defence structure, making bunkers in the high rise border gate, than providing infrastructure for facilitating trade between two countries.\"Are we prepared to tackle any eventuality in case of sudden attack from Taliban from across the border, as they had earlier attacked with rockets,\" questioned additional commissioner, customs (preventive) Delhi SM Akhtar while talking to TOI on Saturday. Akhtar also holds the charge of additional customs (anti-smuggling), Amritsar. He said security agencies here should also take a cue from the recent statement of Air Staff - Air Chief Marshal NAK Browne, who had stated that \"Talibans are inching towards Wagah\", and ensure fool proof security of ICP and ceremony.In the past there had been three attacks from Pakistani soil firing as many as 15 rockets on Indian border villages in the months of July and September 2009 and January 2010. One rocket had fallen inside BSF's Kahangarh post. The last rocket attack had evoked Indian retaliation when BSF opened fire, first time since 1947 Indo-Pak partition on Punjab border, attacking Pakistan Rangers KS Wala border outpost. Akhtar said, Pakistan had not developed much facility on their side of ICP. whereas India had spent crores of rupees to create huge infrastructure, symbolic building etc, so Indian stakes were high. He also necessitated on the need of installation of wagon scanners at Attari rail. \"We need full body scanners both at Attari rail and road,\" he said while adding that manual checking had its limitations. While not ruling out the possibility of threat on ICPand ceremony from across border, The BSF's inspector general (frontier) Aditya Mishra said Talibans were not even in control of Pak forces, but they (BSF) had strengthened their intelligence network and security of border. \"We have deployed sufficient manpower on border who are now equipped with AK-47 rifles fitted with grenade launchers\". Even during rocket attack he said they could only retaliate as there was no technology with them to defuse the rocket midair. He informed that they had constituted a Security Committee of different agencies that was scheduled to hold meeting in near future about the security of border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13016146", "title": "Tota Singh case: Notices to three PSEB officials for perjury", "text": "MOHALI: Convicting Punjab minister Tota Singh, additional district and sessions judge Rajinder Aggarwal also issued notices to the then officer on special duty (OSD) to Punjab School Education Board (PSEB) chairperson, Veena Dada, and two other employees of the board -- Shavinder Singh and Gurdeep Singh -- for initiating proceedings against them for perjury.Observing that the PSEB chairman should also have been prosecuted but was unnecessarily left out, the court held that it would be for the vigilance bureau to examine the feasibility of initiating proceedings against him.Issuing notices to Veena Dada, Shavinder Singh and Gurdeep Singh under section 344 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPc), the court has asked them as to why they should not be punished for committing perjury.The court held that in the present case, the witnesses tried to hide the truth under the garb of falsehood, but the same has \"come out as lava comes out of volcano\".\"The fate of the case cannot be handed over to such witnesses, particularly when documentary evidence supporting the prosecution allegations is available,\" the court observed.Tota Singh not new to controversiesAt the dawn of state's wheat harvesting season and amid announcement of a bumper crop, the agriculture minister in the Badal government, Tota Singh, had been the most sought after minister in the last few days.Making a return after a decade in the state cabinet, an emphatic Tota Singh had just five days ago called a press conference at his office -- the first since he took the charge -- announcing the ambitious Bt Cotton reforms and demanding overhaul of MSPs (mininum support price) for several crops.However, even as the state's procurement agencies on Saturday crossed the 100-lakh tonne figure of wheat harvest, despite fears of damage by heavy rains and moisture content, Tota Singh's ministry received a big setback with their minister's chequered past catching up with him.Tota Singh, who had been inducted as a cabinet minister in the Parkash Singh Badal government in March this year, was held guilty of misusing official machinery - a car belonging to the Punjab State Education Board (PSEB).Tota Singh, who had been elected from Dharamkot seat, had won by a substantial margin of 4,255 votes in the state polls this year, was let off on bail. However, his conviction has brought a major embarassment -- the second after Bibi Jagir Kaur was sent to a 5-year RI -- to the resurgent Badal government.Like Jagir Kaur, Tota Singh's tryst with controversies isn't new, often attracting detractors from within the party. Two weeks before the elections, charges were framed against Tota's son Barjinder Singh, along with police officers in the infamous Moga sex scandal.Just before the elections, Tota Singh shifted his constituency from Moga to Dharamkot, forcing two local Akali leaders, Kuldip Singh Dhose and Sukhjeet Singh Kaka -- who disagreed with the party's decision to field him -- to quit the party.Nearly 10 years ago, after his party was routed in the 2002 state polls, Tota Singh was booked and arrested by the Punjab vigilance department in June in the same year on charges of forgery and for having disproportionate assets.Soon after that, Tota Singh's name figured in a scam regarding recruitment of clerks in the education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13015638", "title": "Former University Institute of Engineering and Technology boy cracks IAS", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A former University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) student, Jashandeep Randhawa, who lost Panjab University (PU) student council president's post by a huge margin in 2008, cracked the civil services mains exam conducted by Union Public Service Commission ( UPSC).His 1964 open-jeep, fondly called \"Silver Willey\" by friends and batchmates, used to create quite a flutter at PU campus until a few years ago.Jashandeep was among the youngest contestants in the race to PU student souncil president's post at 19 years of age then. He graduated from UIET in 2009. From being a student leader at PU to freaking out with friends in his Silver Willey and from seriously preparing at PU library to achieving his goal with All India Rank 104 in the IAS mains this year, Jashandeep has been focused on his goal throughout. He says he drew inspiration from his cousins who have cracked the IAS exam in past.\"I had lucrative opportunities after graduating from UIET, including a job as an executive engineer in Punjab, but I rejected all of them as I was focused and determined to crack civil services,\" says Jashandeep.While Jashandeep is at Amritsar at present, his parents have been attending numerous calls from wellwishers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13016432", "title": "Naveen rejects National Counter Terrorism Centre", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday rejected the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) in its present form, saying it should not be part of a secret agency like the Intelligence Bureau (IB).Addressing a meeting of CMs convened by the ministry of home affairs in New Delhi, Naveen said NCTC in its present form is simply not acceptable.Warning that utmost care be taken while setting up a body to fight forces of terrorism and left wing extremism to ensure that it does not lead to any trust deficit between the Centre and the state, Naveen suggested the PM to form a sub-committee of CMs under the chairmanship of Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa to address the concerns of the states on NCTC.Stating that the Centre should have held consultations with the states on NCTC much earlier, he said the NCTC should not be part of a secret agency like the Intelligence Bureau as the job of an intelligence agency is to only collect intelligence. No other democracy has given such wide ranging powers to their secret intelligence agencies as has been envisaged in the case of NCTC, he noted.On February 13, Naveen was the first CM to oppose the Centre's move to set up NCTC in the IB and also objected to February 3 ministry of home affairs' order vesting powers in NCTC, which appear to be an \"infringement on the powers of state governments in matters of investigation and maintenance of order\". He opined the order has \"draconian overtones\" and requested PM Manmohan Singh to review it. Around 10 other non-Congress CMs like Mamata Banerjee and J Jayalalithaa had also joined the chorus, forcing the Centre to convene a meeting of chief ministers.Naveen pointed out that the concurrence of concerned state governments should be taken for forming focus groups to deliberate on specific issues and problems areas and it should be mandatory for director of NCTC to intimate the DGP in advance about any operation in the state's jurisdiction. He said all operations taken by the central forces should be joint operations with the assistance of the state police force, an official quoted Naveen as having said.The ministry of home affairs' order had empowered the director, NCTC, as the designated authority under section 2(e) of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967. This would empower officers of NCTC with powers to arrest, search, etc, under section 3A of the UAP Act without consulting the state governments, Nnaveen had added.The CM also expressed serious reservations on the provision that NCTC can assume command over any crisis or situation and \"act unilaterally without any concern for local sentiments and such powers would certainly undermine the authority of the state governments and vitiate their federal rights\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13015799", "title": "Little rock stars enthral Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: A rainbow of music was showcased at the music concert that incorporated Rock Music to the Classics in the musical concert 'Kids wanna rock' on Saturday and they actually rocked the city. The tiny tots were seen in playing unforgettable pop-music of 1980s. The concert was one of its kind, catering to the international standards of music.The little Rockoholics were not only dressed as international artists, but even played like them. The \"Pink Panther\", \"Fade to Black\", \"Sweet Child o'Mine\", \"Dum Maro Dum\" stole the hearts of audience. . The audience was carried away with the soft and soothing guitar - piano combo whereas Rock guitars and drums made metal heads bang and bounce to the music.The concert started up with a prayer. Little rock stars of Arpeggios Music Factory enchanted the audience by playing to the tunes of \"Gulabi Aankhen Jo Teri Dekhein\", \"It's My Life\" and so on. No heart was left untouched after the performance by Raza n Mahe, who enacted the Khass-Peshkash of the event.The director of Arpeggios, Albert John, said, \"Expression through music goes beyond words. Music increases the concentration of students and is also stress relieving.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13016634", "title": "'There should be no place for provincialism in IITs'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh said higher education in India is being killed by 'narrow provincialism' and IITs are not free from it. \"Caste and regionalism are seen in all major educational institutions of the country. IITs are national institutions and they should be national in true spirit,\" said Ramesh, adding IIT-Bhubaneswar being a new institute, there should be conscious effort to make it a national institute by accommodating people from across the country. He was speaking at the Pan IIT Bhubaneswar meet here on Saturday.Speaking on the shortage of faculty in IITs, Ramesh said, \"There should be conscious effort to come out of structural weaknesses like in-breeding. Most of the students are starting their BTech from the IIT followed by their MTech, PhD, and joining the institute as assistant professor. This is not a good trend. There should be a rule that students cannot join the same institute as teachers unless they work in another for at least five years.\"\"Almost all major educational institutions of the country are facing faculty problem with the average age of faculties being mid-40s. The Pan IIT can solve the problem by creating more teachers for technical institutes,\" he said.Emphasizing on PG studies and research programmes, Ramesh said, IITs should not be institutes of churning out B.Techs only. \"B.Tech cannot be a source of world class institutes. Besides, there should be an effort to bring back the bright minds working abroad.\"Ramesh also an alumnus of IIT-Bombay asked fellow IITians to inculcate values like humility, integrity and tolerance for diversity in them in order to achieve the goal of nation building. The first batch of IIT-BBS, who will get their degrees on Sunday were also present at the Pan IIT meet, including a large number of alumni of all 16 IITs from across the country. The meet is a prelude to the Pan IIT global conference to be held in Kolkata in December.Director of IIT-BBS Madhusudan Chakraborty informed that the Pan IIT Bhubaneswar chapter has decided to provide scholarship to two students every year. Among others, Sandipan Chakravortty, chairman of Pan IIT global conference- 2012 and Vishal Dev, secretary Pan IIT Bhubaneswar chapter were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13016431", "title": "A kinder, gentler way to lose weight", "text": "PUNE: Anand Khekale, 33, had all the reasons to put on weight. He drove to office every day, worked in an air-conditioned office and battled work pressure that skewed his lunch break. But he was determined to lose weight. By regulating his eating habits, he lost six kilos in three months.\"When my mother was detected with high blood sugar levels, the doctor said we should guard against lifestyle disorders. This meant a check on unhealthy and irregular eating habits. I pushed myself to adopt healthy eating habits and lost weight,\" Khekale said.Overwieght and obese people are advised to eat less and exercise more. However, studies show that weight lost through dieting often returns and it is common to assume lack of discipline or poor willpower for the gain.Most successful weight-managers in the city said crash diets or visits to slimming centres are unnecessary. They advice following a lifestyle that suits their body and temperament. For people like Khekale, it worked.\"Counting calories, crash diets and fad diets are out. They are hard to sustain and may do more harm than good. Once stopped, the gain in weight will be as dramatic as the initial loss. One must concentrate on a diet modified to attain a healthy body instead,\" Geeta Sunder, Pune-based consultant physician, who has written several books on health, said.Ishi Khosla, a Delhi-based author and clinical nutritionist, said dieting leaves a person vulnerable to uncontrolled eating when off the diet. Chronic or crash dieters are vulnerable to binge eating, eating disorders and severe ill-health, she added.A diet should be easy to follow and modified around a person's natural eating habits for it to be effective. \"You should be able to enjoy what you eat and lose weight steadily, but slowly,\" Sunder said.Homemaker Manisha Khapli has never indulged in dieting, but regulated her eating habits to lose weight. \"Less oil, four small meals a day instead of two, including a heavy breakfast, and minimising fast food helped. I have lost a few kilos,\" she said.Understanding food groups along with principles of healthy and mindful eating help, Khosla said. \"Restrict intake of high calorie, low nutrient, oily, sugary and salty foods especially packaged and convenient snacks like biscuits, fried namkeens, burgers, pizzas and sweetened beverages. Choose roasted/ baked snacks, low fat dairy products, fresh fruits and vegetables. Follow the principle of moderation and balance the food you eat with physical activity,\" she advised.Media person Suresh Kumar is confident that a healthy lifestyle depends 70% on what one eats and the rest depends on exercising. \"I don't go to a gym, but I cycle, walk and run. I cycled about 125 km last week. It helps me lose weight,\" he said.Anand Khekale's regimeEat a little every two hours Within 10 minutes after getting up in the morning, eat a fruit. No tea. Cycle for 20 km a day Strictly believes in the old adage: \"Eat like a king, lunch like a prince and dine like a pauper.\" Eats food cooked in sunflower or groundnut oil on alternate days Brown riceSuresh Kumar's regimeStart the day with oats or raagi Go easy on oil, salt and red meat Eats fish high in omega fatty acid (healthy fats) content, like sardines and bangda Brown riceRoutine exerciseMake kid follow a healthy lifestyle, say expertsGlobally, childhood obesity has emerged as a major health challenge, affecting many low and middle-income families, particularly in urban settings.Overweight and obese children may remain obese even after they become adults. They are likely to develop diabetes and cardiovascular diseases at a younger age. Overweight and obesity, and their related diseases, are largely preventable, said laparoscopic, obesity and metabolic surgeon Shrihari Dhorepatil.Parents agree that diet control with a good play schedule works best for children, but cannot find ways to enforce it.\"Excess disciplining will not help. Providing alternatives like exposure to outdoor game of the child's choice, a little participation from the parents in physical activities in front of kids and developing healthy eating habits in the family will help children,\" Shirish Kale, a psychologist who specialises in child behaviour, said.Sania Sarkar has a practical approach. \"Instead of stopping my daughter from gorging on readymade stuff, I would prefer that she eats roasted peanuts, sattu, roti rolled with jam.\"WHO recommendationsFor five to 17 years old60 minutes of moderate to vigorous intense physical activity every dayMost of the daily physical activity should be aerobic. Activities incorporated include those that strengthen muscle and bone, at least three times per weekCut the fatIdeally, an overweight person should eat small, frequent meals, drink plenty of water and unsweetened drinks, avoid non-vegetarian food, avoid fried foods and conserve sugar and salt. They should eat whole meal chapattis, brown bread, plenty of fruits and vegetables, sprouts, and spices like black pepper, ginger, turmeric and fenugreek to help burn fat and reduce lipids in bloodNo S dietAvoid sugar, sweets, cakes, sweetened juices, dates, white rice, rice-flakes, maida, white bread, pastries, honey, sago, potato, sweet-potato, and other underground vegetables, sapota, and custard appleEating rightSprouts, whole pulses, legumes, salads, boiled egg white, chana, whole wheat and bajra, besan, isabgol, rajma, peanuts, kabuli chana, brown rice, low fat milk, low fat curds, apples, pears, berries, and citrus fruits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13015898", "title": "Hillary Clinton to get a taste of City of Joy", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Move faster and match your steps to the beats... That's correct. Remember, there's no room for error. We can't afford to mess it up. Tomorrow, the world will be watching you perform.\" Even as she shouted instructions to a band of seven girls who were busy practising their dance, Sohini Chakraborty looked a little anxious. She had reason to be tense, for her troupe will be taking the stage to welcome US secretary of state Hillary Clinton at the ICCR on Sunday.It's just a four-minute presentation that will be a part of the inaugural programme in honour of the former US first lady. And it has been rehearsed at least a dozen times over the last three days, she concedes. But Sohini - founder-director of NGO Kolkata Sanved - was still worried about getting it right.\"Our girls are survivors of trafficking who are now in the mainstream. It's through dance that they have healed themselves and crawled back to normal life. I have told them that this is their chance to showcase their talent and share their inspiring story with a woman who represents power, equality and liberation. And that they should also draw inspiration from her success,\" said Sohini, keeping an eye on the rehearsals at Kolkata Sanved's Jodhpur Park office.It was a busy Saturday morning for her and the dance troupe - Mehraj Khatun, Sabita Debnath, Srija Debnath, Jharna Naskar, Amina Khatun, Jhuma Das and Durga Madakar. They gathered at the Sanved office at 7 am and were ready to rehearse within the next 15 minutes. For almost two hours thereafter, they went through the steps and movements over and over again, till all of them were satisfied that it couldn't be better. The girls even rehearsed the way they would be folding their hands to greet Hillary from the open space at ICCR where they are scheduled to perform.\"It has been hard work for all of us, but we have all been enjoying it immensely,\" said Sohini. Sanved, she explained, uses dance movement therapy for psycho-social rehabilitation, something which the US secretary of state should be aware of. \"I would love to tell her about our work and the girls if we get a chance,\" she added.Even if they don't, just a glimpse of the \"great lady\" was motivation enough to put up a great show, said her troupe members. Some still in their teens and others in their early twenties, the group was all fired up for the big day. For all of them, it would be their first brush with a VIP. They have been practising like \"women possessed\", said 20-year-old Mehraj Khatun. She hasn't been able to sleep well ever since she came to know about the show, she said.\"We are determined to make it a memorable show, laced with passion and vigour. We shall put in everything that we have learnt from Sohini-didi all these years. After all, you don't get to dance before Hillary Clinton every day. How many, in fact, can claim to have even seen her in flesh and blood. I wish I could shake hands with her tomorrow,\" gushed Mehraj, a resident of Park Circus.Sabita said she was excited about meeting someone whom she has admired for long. \"In her photographs, she comes across as a strong-willed, intelligent, sensitive woman who is eager to reach out to everyone, particularly women. It would be great to be a part of such a big occasion and honestly, I am a tad nervous. But this is a big day and 30 years from now, I can tell my grandchildren about it,\" smiled Sabita.It has been an exhausting four days ever since they came to know about the show, she added. \"First, we had to compress the recital from the original version of 30 minutes to just four. Then, we had to adjust according to the demands of the occasion. Our show will have a message and hopefully it will catch her attention. If possible, I would like to ask her if she liked it,\" said Sabita.Srija was more pragmatic. \"Even if she nods in appreciation, it will be enough to keep us going. The idea is to get the message across and put up a decent show. It would indeed be nice if she flashes that warm, big smile of hers,\" she said.Aapne Aap Foundation, another NGO, will also meet Hillary along with a few NGO representatives from Kolkata. City-based Prantakatha is among them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13016068", "title": "Failed aspirants are preferred IAS coaches", "text": "CHENNAI: A growing number of youngsters who could not make it to the civil services are cashing in on their failure. Hundreds who take the Union Public Services Commission exam, known to be one of the toughest in the country, do not get past the final interview. Some of these failed aspirants are sought after by the coaching industry.S Ganesh Subramaniam started Ganesh's IAS Academy in Anna Nagar in 2001 after exhausting his attempts at the test. He wrote the exams four times from 1996 and made it to the interview stage twice - in 1998 and 2000. The other trainers in his academy - Arun Shankar Gorky, Jayapal and Kannan - are also those who didn't make the final cut. Arun Shankar has made it to the final stage thrice.\"I decided to start the academy because all of us who don't make it to the services consider that we failed due to lack of proper guidance. Who better to guide the candidates than those who us who have gone through the process and understand the problems associated with preparing for the test,\" said Subramanian.Representatives from the coaching industry said that all successful civil services coaching institutes, including the most popular ones in Delhi, rope in trainer candidates who have cleared the mains several times but have not been successful in getting into the services. \"We find that such people are better trainers than college professors because academicians are tuned to a semester system and not quite equipped to handle the rigour of a competitive test, said Sathya, who runs the Sathya IAS Academy.Candidates preparing for the test said failed aspirants are also more updated on the syllabus of each optional subject than lecturers are. \"I have trained under former UPSC aspirants and others, and I find the level of commitment differs,\" said Santhana Pillai, a civil services aspirant.Preparing for the civil services also instills certain characteristics in a candidate that makes them more sought after. \"There are people who do well for the civil services when they are a part of it, and there are those who do better things for the services from outside,\" said S Ganesa Subramanian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13016702", "title": "Rain plays spoilsport at Kodai Vizha in Trichy, leaving organisers disappointed", "text": "TRICHY: A much-awaited summer festival also known as 'Kodai Vizha' scheduled to be celebrated for the first time in Trichy in the newly created summer beach in Cauvery river was abandoned halfway as showers played spoilsport here in the evening on Saturday. However, it brought relief from the sizzling heat since morning. An hour later, the programme resumed after the rain in the presence of a small group of people.At dusk on Saturday, as many as 2,000 people from in and around Trichy converged at the summer beach in Cauvery river with a festive mood to celebrate 'Chithra Pournami' (full moon day in the Tamil month of Chithirai) in the moonlight. The first event 'Mangala Isai' (holy music) that commenced at 6.45 pm received applause from spectators. In the meantime, there was a steady trickle of visitors who joined the festival. Unexpectedly, the sharp shower swept across the beach forcing all to leave the scene. The rain disappointed both the public and the district administration that made all the arrangements. School education minister N R Sivapathy, Trichy mayor A Jaya as well as the MLAs who were present were also not impressed. While many of them were trying to take shelter, some felt happy to be drenched in the summer rain. One of the spectators, Vanitha Kandasamy (29), from Ariyamangalam, Trichy, said \"It was a great disappointment to us to leave the programme due to the rain as we have no place to enjoy the summer vacation. In the day time, we could not even think of coming out due to the heat. Anyhow, we enjoyed the sharp showers that usually comes on 'Chithra Pournami' every year.\"An hour later, the programme resumed and the cultural events went on. However, the crowd disappeared and a small group of people enjoyed the programmes.According to the weather forecast of the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Chennai, the sky would be partly cloudy with the possibility of rain for the next two days. However, the temperature would remain at 40 Celsius maximum.A large posse of police personnel were deployed to provide security to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13014894", "title": "'Cops must speak only 'amchi bhas''", "text": "PANAJI: Goa police has issued an advisory to the public asking them not to interact with any person who approaches them claiming to be a police personnel, especially, if the person is in civil clothes. People have been advised to ask the cop approaching them to show the identity card, and details regarding place of posting. Police said that attention should be given to the language which the person speaks, since usually a genuine Goa police personnel speaks Konkani and may not speak Hindi or Marathi as has happened in the cases. 'Attention is also to be given on the accent of such culprits when they speak,' it states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13016397", "title": "Lawyers stir not to hit bus, train services", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Lawyers have decided to exclude bus and train services from the proposed western Odisha Bandh to be observed on May 8 for the convenience of the masses. Talking to newsmen, president of Sambalpur District Bar Association (SDBA) Pramod Rath said lawyers are firm on their stand in the lawyers-collector scuffle.\"But we don't want to trouble the people and so decided to exclude both bus and train services from the bandh,\" Rath said. He said apart from various bar associations of the western Odisha, the HC bar association and others have decided to observe cease work on May 8 to support the lawyers of Sambalpur. \"It is high time that government initiates legal action against the collector\", Rath said.The lawyers are also upset over the reluctance of the state government over the issue. \"We warned the government of dire consequences in case action is not taken against the collector immediately,\" secretary of the Bar Bijitendriya Pradhan said. The Sambalpur lawyers are currently on ceasework till May 7 demanding action against the collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13014932", "title": "Govt hurries to find funds for Mamata", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with stark hint from Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee that she might act independently of UPA in the presidential poll if her demand for financial relief for West Bengal was not conceded in a \"few days\", the Centre has scrambled to find ways to organize assistance for debt-stricken state.Officials handling the task now say they can rush relief to Bengal without having to seek a clearance from the Finance Commission. This is a significant shuffle from the earlier stand that the Centre was constrained by the requirement to refer the issue to the Commission that deals with government finances. \"There is no such requirement,\" said a senior functionary in the finance ministry conversant with the subject.The official pointed out that the impression that an endorsement from the Finance Commission was a pre-requisite stemmed from the precedent, where the Centre consulted the body for providing help to Punjab in the 1990s on the ground of the depredation wrought by Khalistan insurgency.But while the finding can help Congress appease Banerjee's demand for a fresh Bengal package, it has left the ministry worrying about the cascading impact of the political gesture. To begin with, assistance to Bengal because of \"debt stress\" has to be extended to Kerala and Punjab as well that are almost equally distressed. Kerala CM Oomen Chandy has already made a formal demand, and the concession to Bengal can give fillip to similar stridency from these two states.Worse, it can encourage Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, both with anemic fisc, to knock at the Centre's door for aid. Bihar has been clamouring for \"special state\" status since Jharkhand was carved out of it a decade ago. UP's exchequer is severely strained, and CM Akhilesh Singh Yadav can hope to push through populist promises with a little help from the Centre.In fact, the 13th Finance Commission had pointed out that along with Rajasthan and Bengal, these two states were the only ones with debt levels of more than 40% of their gross state domestic product (GSDP). While the report was presented in 2009, none of the non-special category states budgeted for debt levels in excess of 40% in 2011-12.UP's argument may be even stronger given that it was among the five states, including Goa, Bengal, Kerala and Punjab, with fiscal deficit of over 3% of GSDP.Significantly, Congress views SP as a potential ally, while all indications suggest that Bihar CM Nitish Kumar is steadily drifting away from the BJP-led NDA.Political management will be at the cost of worsening fiscal condition. UPA's appetite for tough measures may diminish as the 2014 parliamentary contest approaches, and because its managers may see sops as the best way to shore up the depleted political capital. The task of fiscal consolidation - being hammered at home and abroad - may have to wait indefinitely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13019401", "title": "Confident Delhi take on upbeat KKR", "text": "NEW DELHI: Virender Sehwag's flamboyance will be put to test against Gautam Gambhir's gumption when leaders Delhi Daredevils take on second-placed Kolkata Knight Riders in a top-of-the-table clash in Indian Premier League on Monday.As far as the points table is concerned, only a single point separates the two teams. While Delhi Daredevils have 16 points from 10 matches with eight wins, KKR aren't far behind with 15 points from 11 encounters with seven wins.On paper, the Daredevils are slightly better side with a formidable batting line-up and a balanced bowling attack while KKR have relied a bit more on individual performances from skipper Gambhir and mystery off-spinner Sunil Narine.The batting depth of the Daredevils can be gauged by the fact that although someone like Kevin Pietersen is back in England to join national team, the Delhi outfit have another match-winner in David Warner joining their ranks.While the Daredevils come into the match after a four-day break which has helped the players recharge their batteries, KKR will be riding high after their inspiring seven-run win in the prestige match against the Sourav Ganguly-led-Pune Warriors on Saturday.Both the sides are all but assured of a place in the knock-out stages, but a victory in the marquee clash will not only bolster the confidence but also help them consolidate their position at the top.Both Gambhir and Sehwag know that very well and would be ready to put in those extra yards to log full points on Monday.Having been involved in numerous match-winning partnership for their national, state as well as IPL teams, the two Delhi openers have done admirably well in leading their respective sides in this edition of the T20 event.Both have led from the front making significant contribution with the bat. While Gambhir has scored 421 runs in 10 matches with five fifties, Sehwag is second in the list of run-scorers with 445 runs from equal number of games.While Sehwag has been at his marauding best, Gambhir's knocks have been focus and concentration personified.As far as the team composition is concerned, the Daredevils will certainly have Warner straightaway coming into the playing XI in place of Pietersen but there would certainly be some debate about the fourth foreigner's slot.Ross Taylor, by his own admission is out of form having managed only 91 runs from seven matches, and the Daredevils management may be tempted to pitchfork West Indian all-rounder Andre Russell in the thick of things.Not only Russell is a capable seamer, he is also a very handy batsman. The rest of the team selects itself.The KKR side's main worry has been the form of their international batsmen. While Gambhir has been in sparkling touch, same can't be said about T20 specialist Yusuf Pathan who has been one of the biggest disappointments of IPL 5.Even a promotion in batting-order hasn't been able to arrest his slump in form. It will be interesting to see whether Gambhir decides to persist with Pathan after the latter scored only 59 runs in nine innings so far.Similarly, Manoj Tiwary who has had a quiet IPL by his standard should like to replicate his performance at the Kotla during the last edition of IPL when he got man-of-the-match award against the Daredevils.Among the KKR bowlers, West Indian off-spinner Narine has been a surprise package. There hasn't been a single batsman in this edition of IPL who can claim that they have played Narine comfortably.Even Rajat Bhatia's slower balls has been very effective and being a local boy, his knowledge of the conditions here will be more than handy for the visitors.In all, there is each and every ingredient which is required to produce a thriller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13019547", "title": "Want to challenge myself as an actor: Madhuri Dixit", "text": "Bollywood diva Madhuri Dixit , who will be seen next in \" Dedh Ishqiya\" and \" Gulab Gang\", says with different genres of films she wants to challenge her acting prowess.\"Am trying to explore new roles and do different types of films. Want to challenge myself as an actor! Having fun. I think you will be thrilled with the roles. They are powerful, moving and will leave an impression! More films to come.....,\" Dixit posted on Twitter.The 44-year-old mother-of-two relocated to India in October last year after 12 years with her family.She made her acting comeback with the 2007 film \"Aaja Nachle\" and also appeared in television reality show 'Jhalak Dikhlaa Jaa'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13015921", "title": "A soulful tribute to Buddha", "text": "LUDHIANA: Bal Bharati Public School, Dugri, celebrated Buddh Purnima on Saturday. The school celebrated the birth anniversary of Lord Buddha with religious fervour and encouraged students to follow the teachings of Lord Buddha and work in peace and harmony for the betterment of society. The programme commenced with a soulful tribute to Lord Buddha by the students of nursery.Through heart touching enactment, the students of Mont I, presented the life journey of Prince Rahul, who felt the pain of society and enunciated the worldly pleasures in search of truth of life. The girls of Mont II immersed the audience through an enchanting Bhakti Natika.Pre-primary students showed their positive attitude to learn and implement teachings of Buddha in their lives. The students were taught to get rid of the torments of desires and end sufferings by treading the path of right conduct. Principal Punam Dogra exhorted the students to follow the path shown by Lord Buddha, who dedicated his entire life for the welfare of the downtrodden and underprivileged human beings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13024666", "title": "Locals demand transfer of tea estate land for Cachar hospital", "text": "SILCHAR: Local people in Barak Valley have criticized the Cachar district administration for failing to transfer 30 acre for the construction of the proposed super-specialty hospital of Sri Kanchi Purvotora Seva Trust at Urrunabandh Tea Estate near Udharbond in Cachar district.Brihattara Udharband Sangram Parishad (BUSP), a forum of different political parties, panchayat raj bodies and NGOs sent a memorandum to chief minister Tarun Gogoi saying the famous Kanchi Shankaracharya Organization (KSO) in 2008 expressed its willingness to set up a state-of-the-art super-specialty hospital in Cachar. Senior KSO officials had then visited the district for site selection and finally chose the unused land of Urrunabandh Tea Estate, 7km from Silchar (Kumbhirgram) airport and 14 km from this town.According to the memorandum, the owner of the TE, Dipankar Chatterjee, graciously accepted the proposal and readily agreed to hand over about 30 acre for the proposed hospital. Union minister of heavy industries and public enterprises Santosh Mohan Dev and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh also showed their keenness to build the hospital and sanctioned a sum of Rs 1 crore as an initial fund. Following this, the proposed hospital project was initiated by the tea garden authority as well as the Sri Kanchi Trust.\"However, with utter disgust and sorrow, recently we came to know that state government is not willing to give its nod for the land transfer to the trust by the tea garden authority. The people of entire southern Assam, Tripura, Manipur and Mizoram are facing tremendous suffering in the absence of advanced healthcare, and during emergencies, there is no alternative but to rush to south India or to Delhi for better treatment. The expenditure for treatment in these places is very high and the people of this remote area cannot afford it. Under such circumstances, the proposed super-specialty hospital by the KSO could become a blessing for this part of the northeast,\" said the memorandum.BUSP alleged that sensing non-cooperation on the part of Assam government, the trust is now thinking of abandoning the project and shifting it to neighboring Tripura.The parishad said on Sunday they have organized a mass convention at Udharband to press the demand for immediate transfer of necessary land for the noble purpose.Meanwhile, Lok Sabha member (Silchar) Kabindra Purkayasthya in separate letters to Gogoi and Union minister for DONER Paban Singh Ghatwar has urged that steps be taken to transfer the abandoned land of the tea garden for the health project undertaken by the philanthropic organization so that people of this part of the country can become self-sufficient and avail of improved health services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13015267", "title": "Boxer arrested for leopard poaching", "text": "NEW DELHI: A state-level boxer from Himachal Pradesh was arrested for his alleged involvement with a gang of poachers that killed leopards and sold the hide to foreign buyers and Delhi businessmen. Three leopard hides were also seized.The accused, Meetu Singh (22), had represented his state at the junior boxing championship and now acts as a coach. He has been poaching predators in the dense forests of Shivalik for over five years. \"We received information on May 4 about Singh crossing the GT Karnal bypass. We laid a trap and he landed into it. We found the leopard hides in good condition; these would have fetched over Rs 10 lakh in the international market. A case under the Wildlife (Protection) Act has been registered,\" said Ashok Chand, Addl CP (crime).Singh revealed during interrogation that he and his gang have so far killed 10-15 leopards and that each leopard hide fetches up to Rs 4 lakh. The gang would sell these off in Delhi, Shimla. McLeod Ganj and Dharamshala.Addl DCP Joy Tirkey told TOI the gang's modus operandi: \"They would first identify the waterholes frequented by leopards. They would then place a trap with metal clamps on the animal's path and cover it up with leaves. Once the leopard was trapped, the poachers clubbed the animal to death.\"Tirkey added that police are trying to find out more about the gang and the clients buying leopard hide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13016675", "title": "'GST will make industries competitive''", "text": "PATNA: The proposed Goods and Services Tax (GST) would make industries competitive and lower the cost of production, principal secretary of commercial taxes department, Sudhir Kumar, told industrialists at Bihar Industries Association (BIA) on Saturday. Once introduced and implemented properly, the GST would raise the GDP above 8 per cent, he said.But for the implementation of GST, certain amendments in Indian Constitution would be required as the matter involves Centre and state relations. Under its scheme of things, it gives more power to the Union government for realization of excise duty at the door of traders besides empowering the states to realize service tax, Kumar said.Kumar said the principles governing the GST have been borrowed from the European common market and Canadian common market for single taxation. During an interactive session with industrialists, Kumar assured BIA president, K P S Keshri, and other members of timely VAT reimbursement. He agreed to the BIA demand for deliberation with all the stakeholders for online form system. He said the Commercial Taxes Tribunal would soon become functional on its new premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-06"}
