{"city": "kannur", "code": "16935631", "title": "Kannur goes mad over Diego Maradona", "text": "KANNUR: Anyone who arrived in Kannur on Tuesday could have easily mistaken it for Buenos Aires or any other Argentinian city. Every vantage point in this northern district of Kerala had been taken over by one man, Diego Maradona .Some of the cutouts on display were twice the size of the diminutive football great.\"For people of Malabar, football is a religion and Maradona is our god. Today our 'football god' has come to visit us. On Wednesday morning he will bless us,\" said Nizam AH as he was giving finishing touches to one of the cutouts outside the Kannur Municipal stadium, where Maradona will make his public appearance on Wednesday morning.Maradona arrived in Kerala 12 hours ahead of schedule for Wednesday's private function. Fearing inclement weather in the evening, the organisers of the event requested the football legend to advance his visit and he duly obliged.He arrived at the Cochin International Airport in the early Tuesday morning and headed straight to Kannur via a private chopper. He landed at the army helipad here and was quickly whisked away to the hotel by security staff.At the hotel, Maradona spent most of the day trying to overcome jet lag. But he did take some time out to shoot for an advertisement.\"Since Maradona landed in Kannur earlier than expected, we decided to complete the shooting of our advertisement on Tuesday itself. But he spent most of the day sleeping. So we couldn't complete the shoot,\" said Shaji JS, advertising manager of Chemmanur group, which facilitated Maradona's trip to Kerala.Maradona stepped out in the balcony of his hotel room in the evening and waved at his thousands of fans who had assembled near the hotel - waiting to get a glimpse of the superstar - since dawn.Efforts are on to present Maradona in public in mundu, a traditional Kerala attire. An organiser told TOI that Maradona even tried wearing it on Tuesday.\"He tried to wear a mundu a couple of times, but on both occasions, he couldn't tie it properly. Hence, one isn't sure whether he will risk wearing it in public on Wednesday,\" said the organiser not willing to be named.However, the football legend will begin his address in Malayalam before moving on to Spanish. He is expected to showcase some of his footballing skills too.A crowd of over a lakh is expected to throng the stadium which has a capacity of 50,000. Security has been beefed up as Kannur gears up for its date with El Diego.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939057", "title": "Why women choose careers outside hard sciences", "text": "Gender discrimination is a major reason women choose to pursue careers in biology rather than physics, researchers say .The study by researchers from new research from Rice University reveals differences in the way male and female scientists view disparities in the proportion of women in some science disciplines.They surveyed 2,500 biologists and physicists at 30 elite institutions of higher education in the United States and also interviewed a smaller scientific sample of 150 scientists one on one about the reasons they believe there are gender differences in scientific disciplines.\"The distribution of women and men across various science-related occupations has long drawn both popular and scholarly attention,\" lead study author and principal investigator Elaine Howard Ecklund said.\"In our research, we're interested in how scientists explain the different proportions of men and women in biology and physics.\"We know from various pieces of research that people's perceptions of the way things are really influence how they act with other people.\"When mentoring students, they might pass these views along. This makes their opinions extremely important, as they can have a significant impact on future scientists and research,\" she said.The key findings of the study are that both male and female scientists view gender discrimination as a factor in women's decision not to choose a science career at all or to choose biology over physics. However, the two sexes still have differences in opinion about when discrimination occurs.\"During interviews, men almost never mentioned present-day discrimination, believing that any discrimination in physical science classes likely took place early in the educational history (primary school), which they believe explains women''s predisposition to biological sciences,\" Ecklund said.\"However, female scientists believe that discrimination is still occurring in present-day universities and departments,\" she said.Regardless of gender or discipline, approximately half of all the scientists interviewed thought that at some point in women's educational lives, they are discouraged from pursing a career in physics.Other reasons scientists gave to explain the different numbers of women that pursue biology when compared with physics include mentorship of students in the fields of biology and physics and \"inherent differences between men and women.\"\"I think women ... want to have more of a sense that what they are doing is helping somebody. Maybe there are more women in ... biology (because) you can be like, 'Oh, I am going to go cure cancer',\" one female scientist said.Whereas women often explained sex differences between the disciplines using reasons of emotional affinity, men stressed neurological differences as being responsible for personal choices. One male scientist suggested that there are \"some brain differences between men and women that explain (the gender differences between the disciplines).\"\"It's extremely important to understand how scientists at the kind of top research universities we studied feel about this topic, as they train the next generation of researchers and leaders in the sciences and will pass on their ideas to these young scholars,\" Ecklund added.The study has been recently published in Gender and Society .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16940146", "title": "Michelle Williams moves in with beau Jason Segel", "text": "Michelle Williams has moved into a new apartment with her daughter Matilda and boyfriend Jason Segel .The 'My Week With Marilyn ' star, who went public with their romance last April, is said to have taken her relationship with the 'How I Met Your Mother' actor to next level as they recently began living together in a sprawling loft located in New York.''Michelle, Jason and Matilda seem very happy here, the building is beautiful,\" a neighbour of the couple told the Daily Mail.''They've been here a few months now and they look right at home.''Until recently, the actress was still living in the 4.2 million-dollar Brooklyn apartment she shared with the late actor Heath Ledger , who is the father of her six-year-old daughter Matilda and died of an accidental drugs overdose in 2008. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16942915", "title": "Tokyo university to select student from Super 30 to pursue degree course", "text": "PATNA: Anand Kumar's innovative Super 30 programme has acquired a truly global recognition. The latest to get attracted to his Super 30 endeavor, which has helped many a student from underprivileged sections of the society make it to the prestigious IIT, is from the prestigious university of Tokyo.In order to encourage students from India mainly from the underprivileged section of the society, Japan's 135 -year-old prestigious national university has decided to begin its project by selecting its first students from Super 30 through competition.Talking to TOI on Tuesday, Hiroshi Yoshino director of university of Tokyo , India office said that Super 30 Anand Kumar is very popular in Japan. In fact Japanese government largest broadcaster NHK channel has already made documentaries on Anand and his students few years back which is still very popular in Japan\". The selected student would get free scholarship during his stay in Japan, he said.\"So we have decided to start this initaitive from Bihar's Super 30 enrolled student to pursue career his or her choice in Tokyo free of cost from next academic year\", Yoshino said.Super 30 founder Anand Kumar was happy to learn about it. It is a matter of pride that students of Super 30 has got recognition in the global university. \"I feel proud of my students. Japan's largest grocery chain CGC company will sponsor the student from Super 30 in Tokyo university\", he said.Media from Japan, France, UK, Canada and various other countries had shot films on Anand's Super 30. Yoichi Itoh, Chief Economist STB Research Institute was the first to make a film on Super30 for NHK Channel. NHK's Producer Emiko Amagawa came here in 2007 to make an hour-long documentary on Anand and his school. Japanese TV channel Kansai Telecasting Corporation's director Yuta Amma had described Anand as a 'true role model'. Then came Japan's Amazon TV for yet another film on Super 30. Japan's famous actress and Miss Japan Norika Fujiware came to Patna to make another film for TV Man Union. One of the widest circulating Japanese dailies, Yomuri also did a detailed feature on Super 30. Last year, Newsweek and Time magazines had also featured Anand's schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934254", "title": "Nagpur woman sold in Raj for Rs 22k; buyer helps her return", "text": "NAGPUR: A mother of two was sold in Kota in Rajsthan for Rs 22,000 by her friend's husband who had promised to help her get money for her divorce. The 28-year-old victim wanted to divorce her drunkard husband but lacked money for filing the case.According to the police, the victim Renu (name changed) was sold at Kota ten days ago. However, the man who bought her helped her return to Nagpur when he learnt about the victim's marriage and her two sons. She filed a police complaint on Tuesday. Acting swiftly after the complaint, Nandanwan police arrested the Shivaji Banait (35), the man who had sold her, from his Padole Nagar residence on Monday night. Banait is a truck driver.Police said Renu was frustrated with her drunkard husband and had separated from him two years ago. Since then, she has been staying at her father's residence in Kumbhartoli area in Nandanwan. \"Though she stayed separately, her husband would harass her and hence she wanted divorce but didn't have money for the case,\" said police. Renu needed Rs 45,000.Cops informed Renu came to know Banait through his wife who is her good friend. She trusted Banait and shared her problem with him. Promising to help her, Banait told Renu that his friend was a successful businessman in Jaipur and could help her financially. \"On being requested by Banait and his wife, Renu agreed to go with him to Jaipur,\" said police.However, instead of Jaipur, Banait took her to Kota on October 13. For a day, he kept Renu at his friend's house. The next day, he sold her to one Shravan Kumar for Rs 22,000. \"She had no idea that she had been sold. It was Kumar who told her the truth. Later, when Kumar was forcing her to marry him, she told him about her marriage and her two sons,\" police said.Kumar then called up Banait but he didn't receive the call. Kumar then helped Renu contact her family and brought her to in city on Monday evening. Afraid of police action, Kumar went back while Renu filed a police complaint. This is the second incident of a woman from city being sold in Rajasthan. In June, a married woman was sold by her female friend, also at Kota, after promising her a job. She was also helped by the buyer to return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16941360", "title": "Indian women's football team in AFC U-19 Qualifiers Round 2", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian women's football team rode on a first half goal from striker Anita Rawat as they beat Uzbekistan 1-0 to make it to the second round of the AFC Under-19 Championship Qualifiers with an unbeaten record at Melaka in Malaysia.Rawat struck in the 22nd minute as India dominated the match at Hang Jebat Stadium.Both India and Uzbekistan have already qualified for the second round with a game to spare but the win today put the former on top of Group A with two wins from as many matches.India had beaten Bangladesh in their opening encounter on October 20 before beating Uzbekistan today. Uzbekistan, who had beaten Bangladesh in their opening match on October 22, finished second in the three-team group.India and Uzbekistan now join Group C winners Myanmar and runners-up Chinese Taipei, Iran and Jordan, who booked their tickets from Group B, and Thailand and Vietnam , who were given automatic places in the second phase of the qualifiers.The eight teams will be divided into two groups of four and play a round-robin league in a centralised format with the top two teams meeting in a play-off to determine who advances to next year's AFC U-19 Women's Championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16934014", "title": "Competition Commission of India rejects DG body's petition against govt", "text": "GURGAON: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has rejected the petition of the All India DG Set Association against the Haryana government for changing the conditions of the tender terms for purchase of diesel generator sets by government departments.The Haryana government had floated a tender for bulk purchase of diesel generators. The tender had a condition saying that diesel generator dealers would have to submit a certificate saying they don't supply to end consumers. The condition, according to the association, is discriminatory and restrictive in nature.In its petition to the CCI, the association had submitted that the requirement for obtaining a certificate by the authorized dealers of diesel generators from the manufacturers was next to impossible.The state government had ordered bulk purchase of diesel generators through the joint director, Directorate of Supplies &amp; Disposals (DSD). The condition, which the association says is discriminatory, was included in the tender to ensure competitive rates. The government's first preference for the tender was for original equipment manufacturers and assemblers.After hearing the arguments of the association, the CCI said in its order that there was not enough information confirming dominance of the DSD and thus the question of discrimination does not arise.The state government has hailed the CCI's decision and will now be working to finish the tender process for bulk purchase of diesel generators. A senior government official said the purchase policy lays emphasis on the original equipment manufacturers and assemblers and that the idea of abuse of the directorate's dominance was unfounded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933491", "title": "Regularization of illegal colonies hits roadblock", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost two months after Delhi government notified regularization of 895 unauthorized colonies, the process has hit a roadblock. While the government is hoping to boost its revenues from the colonies, civic agencies and the revenue department say registration of properties in them is not possible.On Tuesday, the South Delhi Municipal Corporation claimed that Delhi government is reluctant in paying for preparing the layouts of notified colonies. \"In a meeting chaired by L-G Tejendra Khanna on September 26, it was decided that the government will pay for the layouts. But so far, we have not received any funds. The government has not even given us in writing that it will pay for the layouts,\" said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman, standing committee, South Corporation.Sources say that the revenue department of Delhi too has made it clear that it can't register properties are in these areas without layout plans. Though the L-G had directed the civic agencies to hire the services of IP College, School of Planning and Architecture and Jamia Millia Islamia University to prepare the layouts, the corporation says that it can't do it due to shortage of funds. \"It will cost nearly Rs 15-20 lakh to prepare the layout for a colony. Our officials had written a letter to Delhi government regarding release of funds, but we are yet to hear from them,\" said Gehlot.According to South Corporation officials, no RWA has approached them to start the regularization process. Also, the RWAs want the government to rework the boundaries as more structures have come up in the last five years. \"Without re-defining the boundaries, layouts can't be prepared. The revenue department registers a property only if the layout is ready,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16934458", "title": "Sonsoddo has a new date: Dec 15", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao Municipal Council (MMC) has set a new deadline of December 15 for the commissioning of the solid waste management plant at Sonsoddo.Following an inspection of the work on the plant on Tuesday, chief officer of the MMC Srinet Kothwale expressed his satisfaction over the progress of the work. Chairperson of the MMC Arthur D'Silva, councillor Dayanand Mayenkar, besides others, also accompanied Kothwale.\"The work is progressing well as per schedule. We inspected the chain of operations at the plant and found everything in order. Trial runs are being conducted at the site and we are gearing up for the commissioning of the plant, which will be done by December 15,\" Kothwale said.\"Once the plant is commissioned we will stop open dumping of the garbage at Sonsoddo and all daily waste will go into the plant for treatment,\" Kothwale said.Chief executive officer of Fomento Green Sridhar Kamat concurred that the plant will be ready for commissioning in all respects by December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16935947", "title": "Shimla, Una deputy commissioners replaced", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh governor on Tuesday ordered the transfer of deputy commissioners of Shimla and Una with immediate effect in public interest.As per transfer orders issued by chief secretary Sudripta Roy, Shimla deputy commissioner Arun Sharma has been replaced by Subhashish Panda, who was earlier holding the post of director, public finance and public enterprises-cum-special secretary (finance).Una deputy commissioner J R Katwal has been replaced by Kadam Sandeep Vasant, who was earlier additional deputy commissioner, Mandi. The orders said that posting details of Arun Sharma and J R Katwal would be issued separately.Transfers of Sharma and Katwal was expected as opposition Congress was objecting to their posting as deputy commissioners on the ground that both these officials had remained in the personal staff of chief minister as principal private secretaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16934423", "title": "'Tuem health centre will be upgraded'", "text": "PANAJI: Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar has said that the community health centre at Tuem in Pernem taluka will be upgraded soon. He said the work of upgradation of the health centre at an estimated cost of 1.40 crore will start shortly.Parsekar also said that once the 24 health centres across the state are upgraded, it would help to reduce burden at the Goa medical college and hospital at Bambolim and at the district hospitals.He made the announcement while reviewing the developmental works being taken up at Tuem panchayat. Accompanied by ZP member Deepak Kalangutkar and also senior government officials, the health minister also visited the village panchayats of Morjim, Agarwada-Chopdem, Parsem and Virnoda.Parsekar also stated that additional land of about five lakh square metres had been acquired for the extension of the Tuem industiral estate and that the Tuem-Camurlim bridge would be taken up on priority.Laying of additional water pipelines and construction of more reservoirs have been proposed to supply drinking water to areas in Morjim and Mandrem, he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934710", "title": "Sacred geometry revisited", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Continuing the journey of 'making sacred', the Ahmedabad International Arts Festival opened its doors to S H Raza's limited edition serigraphs on paper, taking the meaning of sacred forward. Featuring Raza's signature 'Bindu'- known as the sacred symbol of the cosmos in its unmanifested state-the collection of 24 works is on display at Amdavad ni Gufa till October 28.Serigraphy, more commonly known as screen-printing, is a form of stenciling, and Raza has used this technique to translate various Indian concepts, ideologies, symbols and landscapes. Using vibrant colours replete with the heat and intensity of fire, and the tranquility and serenity of water, each piece bears witness to the artist's experience, contemplation and inner self.He is known to have said, \"My work is my own inner experience and involvement with the mysteries of nature and form which is expressed in colour, line, space and light\".Combining the 'bindu' with geometrical shapes and numerous herringbone triangles, the collection of serigraphs consists of pieces like Panchtatva, which portray the five elements of nature, Shanti Bindu which emphasize the energy and pull of the sacred symbol, and Yatra Naryastu which displays geometric patterns in bold colours.The art festival continues on Friday with an exhibition of photographic works by Ruth Buck at Cept University, an installation at the House of Mangaldas Girdhardas, Relatively Sacred at Kanoria Art Gallery and Art Sanctified at Sheth C N College of Fine Arts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "tarn mann is a india born actor/musician who is currently living in canada. he worked with gippy grewal on 'mirza", "code": "16938204", "title": "Tarn presents Cars Weed God", "text": "Tarn Mann is a India born actor/musician who is currently living in Canada. He worked with Gippy Grewal on 'Mirza: The Untold Story' &amp; is currently working on new projects. He has written, sung &amp; directed the video 'Cars Weed God'.The video basically shows human in their waking state and dreams. And distinguishes dreams from realilty. It's about how they question their own choices and opinions.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16944106", "title": "Diseases dampen festive mood in city", "text": "SURAT: The diamond city is in the grip of vector-borne diseases. Cases of diseases like dengue, chikungunya and malaria are on the rise following an unusual spell of hot weather over the last few days.After Rander, Adajan, Pal and Vesu these diseases have now raised their heads in Katargam and Varachha areas where more than 150 cases are being reported on daily basis. \"There are several parts of the city where construction work is on and water storage pits are proving to be the breeding ground for mosquitoes,\" said Dr Alpesh Pansuriya from Katargam. He pointed that with the rising temperatures, the mosquitoes move to nearby areas causing spread of disease.With the health staff of the local civic body engaged in a campaign against measles , regular fogging and domestic surveillance has not been carried out. \"Against an average of 10 patients, I attend to nearly 25 patients on daily basis who are suffering from a vector borne disease,\" said Dr Pansuriya.\"Even the cases of dengue which is caused by fresh water mosquito are on the rise,\" said Dr Jayesh Patel from Varacha.An officer from health department of Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) Dr KG Vaishnav claimed that there is a marginal increase in dengue cases as compared to last year but this is due the virus being transported from the neighboring states. He said, \"Large scale influx of people on daily basis leads to such problem at times but it is not out of control.\"The SMC personnel have inspected about 4,200 sites across the city in the last five days. They have also identified 1,387 mosquito breeding spots during their domestic survey.\"The breeding spots have been demolished and we have fined 1,467 people to the tune of Rs 1.18 lakh apart from issuing them warnings,\" said an official from the SMC's health department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16941702", "title": "'Super 30' students can now study at Tokyo University!", "text": "PATNA: The highly acclaimed 'Super 30' educational programme which trains students from economically backward sections for the IIT-JEE, today entered into an agreement with University of Tokyo which would sponsor study of its students in Japan.The pact was reached here during a meeting between Anand Kumar, the founder of Super 30, and Yoshino Hiroshi, Director, The University of Tokyo.As per the tie-up, the University of Tokyo would sponsor study of at least one student of Super 30.The sponsorship will start with admission of Indian students from October 2013, Yoshino told .\"University of Tokyo is reaching an understanding with the Patna-based mathematical group (Super 30) because of its remarkable performance of training economically poor students to qualify in top institutions like IIT,\" he said.Yoshino said the Japanese government broadcast corporation (NHK) ran a programme on Super 30 under the heading \"Indian shock\" to highlight the success of the mathematical club.The Tokyo University director said the engagement with Super 30 was part of Japanese government programme \"Global 30\" to increase flow of Indian students there.\"Presently, out of 1.4 lakh foreign students annually coming to Japan, India's contribution is only 600. Japan wishes to increase (its) number of foreign students to three lakh by 2020 which can be achieved by raising flow of students from India, particularly in the field of science and technology,\" he said.Kumar said the offer from Tokyo university was encouraging.\"This will open avenues for our students in the foreign country,\" he said.'Super 30' is an initiative of mathematician Anand Kumar in Bihar which trains 30 poor students every year for IIT-JEE out of which a majority have so far succeeded in the test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16935470", "title": "Dengue claims life at GMCH, kin allege negligence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At a time when the doctors at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, have been shying away from attending emergency duty, a case of death of a dengue patient due to the reported negligence of hospital authorities highlights the worsening situation.On Tuesday night, 38-year-old Mohali resident Paramjeet Kaur, who was suffering from dengue, died at GMCH-32 where she was admitted a few days ago. Following her death, Paramjeet's family raised slogans near the hospital emergency, alleging the staff delayed her treatment.The agitated family members said Paramjeet's platelet count had fallen much below the normal level. \"We had taken her to the hospital early in the morning, but there was no doctor to attend to her until late afternoon. Even when the blood test was done in the afternoon by a nurse, we were not informed about the abnormal decrease in her blood platelet count,\" said Paramjeet's husband Balwinder Singh.\"It is too early to conclude that Paramjeet died because of hospital's negligence. We will look into the matter,\" said Dr Kamal Singhal of GMCH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16935593", "title": "Early man reborn from old bones", "text": "LONDON: Life-like models of the three human ancestors \u2014 Australopithecus afarensis, Homo erectus and Neanderthal man\u2014 have been re-created in 3-D from ancient bones. The models, charting the ascent of man, show the most forensic details ever of how three of our ancient ancestors would actually have looked when they walked the Earth.Re-created from ancient bones , using 21st century techniques for a new BBC show, the models show how Australopithecus Afarensis, Homo Erectus and Neanderthal man lived thousands of years ago, the 'Daily Mail' reported. The programme's producers claim while Australopithecus Afarensis was an established walker 3.2 million years ago, it was Homo Erectus that shed his body hair while Neanderthal man was the first metrosexual.The extraordinary research is unveiled in a new BBC2 series, Prehistoric Autopsy , presented by historians George McGavin and professor Alice Roberts to be screened on consecutive nights this week. Following the show, the models will be touring museums around the UK. \"When you dig things out of the ground, it's a bit like Silent Witness. You can tell a lot about a skeleton, if you know how to read it,\" executive producer Jane Aldous said.A team of anatomists, anthropologists, archaeologists , sculptors and model makers, led by paleoartist Viktor Deak, created our prehistoric ancestors from the fragmented remains of ancient bones, using the latest scientific research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16935366", "title": "1,000 kg silver seized in Rajkot, traders fume", "text": "RAJKOT: Seizure of nearly 1,000 kg silver on Ahmedabad-Rajkot highway sparked massive outrage among the local traders, who claimed that the consignment was to be delivered to jewellers in the market.On Tuesday morning, police stopped a vehicle near Kuvadva check-post on the city's outskirts and found 2,000 kg silver. Of this, 1,000 kg was seized as the carriers had no proper documents.Police are questioning the driver of the vehicle Dinesh Parmar. Sources say that the silver consignment was sent by Vishnu Patel, owner of the Ishwar Bechar Angadia firm from Ahmedabad to its Rajkot office near Kothariya Naka.Police also informed the static surveillance team of Election Commission and income tax department about the seizure.As soon as the news spread, traders from Soni Bazar rushed to Kuvadava Road police station. The angry traders also called for a bandh to protest the seizure and said that police was harassing them ahead of the festival season under the garb of election duty.\"The police are unnecessarily harassing citing model code of conduct. Traders have produced all the relevant documents for the consignment,\" said Bhayabhai Shaholiya, president, Gold Dealers' Association.\"Traders in many parts of state joined in our protest call against the seizure of silver and stayed away from How can we work if our consigments are seized like this?\" Shaholiya said.\"If police are going to work in this manner, no one will be able to run their business in city,'' said Sameer Shah, president, Rajkot Chamber of Commerce and Industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16935008", "title": "Local industries complain of being ignored by the MP", "text": "INDORE: At a time when the state was celebrating season investment, the existing industries have raised their objections over certain taxes and unfair clearances.First, the industries have raised the issue relating to input tax rebate (ITR). They feel that the tax input credit was much higher in the auto industry than the output tax and accumulate huge unutilised input tax credit (13% less 4% available credit at 9%). Secondly, the effective VAT on local purchase is at 5% against 2% they buy from outside the state. Keeping this in view, the state government has amended the VAT Act recently, restricting the input credit to the extent of tax paid by supplier in cash. However, the industries feel that it was against the basic principle of VAT and increases the cost of local buying substantially.Volvo Eicher Commercial Vehicle ( VCEV), which is the largest automotive manufacturer present in the state having its plant at Pithampur, has written to the state government on the issue. In its letter, the company has said that it has been facing very critical issues related to money blockage in input tax credit.Pithampur Industries Association has also written a letter to PK Dash, additional chief secretary. Gautam Kothari, president of the association, said, \"Government should have proper vision and implementation of policy must be ensured in true sense.\"Another intriguing issue was related to the giving of clearance to a company, despite the fact that it had applied for land quite recently. Objections have been raised in the industrial circle over the government's nod to KVO Pinnacle. They found it odd that the apex committee of the state government gave its green signal to the firm at a time when 135 companies' applications for aspirant industries were waiting approval.The company, which was likely to get land, measuring 20 acre, allocated at Sector-III in Pithampur was likely to invest a sum of Rs 75 crore which includes the sum amounting to Rs 25 crore as working capital. Ajay Chauraria, a real estate developer, said, \"The state government shouldn't bring in investors at the cost of the already existing local industries, that too by ignoring the procedures set for the same.\"When contacted an official of AKVN, requesting anonymity, told ToI, \"The state government has given its nod to the company well within the norms. It's true that there are 135 companies that have applied for the land at the venue. However KVO Pinnacle was the only company which has FDI and this is why we have accorded priority to it over others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934322", "title": "Abortion deadline forces Malad woman to take the uneasy call", "text": "MUMBAI: Lawyer Nima Purohit (32) was on cloud nine when she learnt that she was pregnant with her first child. But her happiness was short-lived. In the 19th week of her pregnancy, the Malad resident learnt that her baby's growth was not normal. With the 20-week limit for medical termination of pregnancy fast approaching, Nima made frantic visits to doctors to ascertain if her baby's abnormality was treatable. Eventually, she underwent an abortion on October 17 and is still wondering if she did the right thing.Nima conceived the baby after nearly 18 months of marriage and the whole family was eagerly awaiting the baby's arrival. Nima was aware of the importance of timely tests during the progress of the pregnancy and underwent regular examinations. In fact, the tests done in the first trimester of her pregnancy showed that everything was normal.But when she underwent another round of tests in the 19th week of pregnancy, she was told that her baby had Dandy-Walker Syndrome, a congenital malformation in which there is a partial or complete absence of the part of the brain that is located between the two cerebellar hemispheres. \"I was told that my baby may suffer from mental retardation, hypotonia and other balance or motor skills abnormalities. The doctors also said that my baby had cardiac anomaly,\" said Nima.Doctors suggested that Nima also undergo an aminocentesis test, in which the foetal DNA is examined for genetic abnormalities. As the clock ticked, Nima took opinions not only from paediatric neurologists in Mumbai, but also from those in the US. She collected as much information as she could to know about her baby's condition. \"I accessed information online to know what had gone wrong with this little life growing inside me. I researched and I tried to know the prognosis of children with such issues. Awaiting the opinion during those four days and nights, there was no end to my mental agony. It was too traumatic for my family as well,\" recalled Nima.Nima, who had an abortion on October 17, wishes that had there been no deadline for abortion, allowing her to wait for the aminocentesis results that will be available next week. \"We haven't received those test results yet and do not know if we made the right decision,\" said Nima.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "16935637", "title": "Little hands build 22ft effigy to mark festival", "text": "DUGRI: Celebrating the victory of good over evil, the Class V students of Bal Bharti School, decided to make this Dussehra special as they joined hands with their craft teachers and school gardener, Anirudh, to build the effigy of Ravana. They started it as a part of their craft activity and ended up finishing a 22 feet tall effigy of the evil genius.After the effigy, which took 10 days of hard work and creativity, was ready the staff and students celebrated Dussehra by burning it to ashes on Tuesday, to symbolize the victory of good over evil.School gardener Anirudh Yadav, 40, who has been associated with the school for past five years, helped place the structure with bamboo sticks, while the students dressed the effigy. \"I used to observe artists making effigies, so this year when these little kids started making it, I decided to lend a hand,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16935300", "title": "Central empowered committee asks Goa for more info on mining", "text": "PANAJI: Accepting the state mines department's report on mining vis-a-vis the Shah commission report, the Supreme Court-appointed central empowered committee (CEC) has asked the department to furnish additional, detailed information.Mines department sources said CEC members raised questions and pointed to discrepancies in the statistics provided by the state. The CEC had sought to know, in its earlier questionnaire, how many mines operate within a 10-km radius of Goa's national park and wildlife sanctuaries, details of environmental clearances granted by the Union ministry of environment and forests etc.State mines secretary R K Verma told TOI on Tuesday, \"We have submitted the report to CEC and have sought more time to furnish the additional information sought by them.\"State director of mines and geology, Prasanna Acharya , and officer on special duty to the mines department, Levinson Martins, met the CEC members in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933690", "title": "Railway cops pip Young Guns in MDFA League", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai Railways Police smothered the challenge from Young Guns, Vikhroli by romping to a comfortable 2-0 win in a second division match of the Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) League, played at the St Xavier's Ground, Parel, on Tuesday. Imran Shaikh and Joy Samrath were on target for the Railway cops.Results (Div-II): Mumbai Railway Police 2 (Imran Shaikh, Joy Samrath) bt Young Guns, Vikhroli 0; Maharshtra State Welfare Association (MSWA) 0 drew with Orient Youth Social Organisation (OYSO) 0; Mumbai Medar Samaj 3 (Kallsan, Ashwin Pawar, Akshay Gowda) bt Buddy's XI 2 (Carl Coutinho, Shawn Samrath).Kandarkar is new MDFA presidentDigambar Kandharkar is the new president of the MDFA. Kandarkar, who was one of the four senior vice-presidents of the association, won the elections with 15 votes out of a possible 27 in his favour to defeat his rival and another vice-president Hugh Fernandes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933766", "title": "Night temperature rises to 21.8 degrees C in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The night temperature has increased noticeably in the last few days, while the day temperature has declined to the below normal mark in the city.On Tuesday, the minimum temperature was recorded at 21.8 degrees Celsius, which was 4.4 degrees Celsius above normal. \"The increased night temperature is mainly on account of cloudiness and moisture incursion,\" an India Meteorological Department (IMD) official said.The IMD has forecast rain or thundershowers at one or two places in the city during the next 24 hours. Effectively, the minimum temperature is likely to remain around 20 degrees Celsius during this period and may reduce to 18 degrees Celsius in the subsequent 24 hours, the IMD has forecast.The situation is in contrast to the below normal temperatures recorded for the better part of the week between October 13 and 19. In fact, the minimum temperature had gone down from 19.6 degrees Celsius on October 13 to 15.7 degrees Celsius on October 19.The mercury dipped further to 14.8 degrees Celsius on October 20 and this was 3.3 degrees Celsius below the normal mark. The IMD had then forecast a rise in the night temperatures under the influence of an increased amplitude of the trough in the easterlies.The northeast monsoon rains have started in the peninsular India that covers the southern states of the country. The weather systems influencing the northeast monsoon rain have also led to rainfall in parts of south Maharashtra, Konkan and Goa.The IMD's all-India weather summary said on Tuesday that rainfall was reported from a few places in south central Maharashtra between Satara and Kolhapur and in Marathwada and Konkan and Goa regions during the last 24 hours. These areas will continue to get rain or thundershowers at one of two places in the next 24 hours, the forecast said.The night temperatures were appreciably above normal i.e. a difference of three to four degrees Celsius from the normal mark, in several parts of the central Maharashtra belt between Nashik/Jalgaon in the north and Kolhapur in the south with Pune at the centre.Malegaon in north central Maharashtra recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature at 14 degrees Celsius while Mahabaleshwar in Satara district recorded 17.2 degrees Celsius. Nashik registered 19 degrees Celsius while Jalgaon recorded 18.2 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16941259", "title": "Ahead of festivals, Food and Drug Administration to carry inspection", "text": "INDORE: In the month of October alone the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has taken 80 food samples across the city including Rajgir flour, Mawa, Besan, Refined Soyabean oil, chopped coconut, tea, ghee and curd. All the samples have been sent for testing at Bhopal based laboratory. When asked about arrival of mobile lab testing facility Manish Swami, a senior drug inspector said that it had come in October last year. We are expecting it this year too. \"Mobile lab comes on sudden inspection. Dates are not intimated however we are expecting it soon. Though are conducting inspection on regular basis, it is advised to check the product before purchasing and maintain bill,\" he said.Recently, the department has cracked it whip on three major city hotels, which were found using misbranded products including noodles, corn flour that are widely consumed by the guests. Though department did not name the institutions, it is mulling to prosecute them. Confirming the update with ToI, Manish Swami, a senior food inspector, said, \"We have conducted inspections after reports of using misbranded and inferior quality food products. Reports of two hotel groups have come while one is pending. Apart from hotels, samples of nearly a dozen restaurants are under the scanner.\" Ahead of festival season, we are going to take food samples in major hotel and restaurants groups as well, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933668", "title": "Absence of barricades disrupts bus bay system on FC Road", "text": "PUNE: A joint initiative of the civic body, traffic cops and citizens' groups to improve flow of vehicles near bus stops has met with limited success.The bus bay, which was started on a trial basis at the Ranade Institute stop on FC Road in the first week of July, was a simple method that used road markings and temporary barricades to ensure buses halt at the stop and not on the road. The system clicked as barricades and markings enabled buses to approach the stop with ease. Because buses did not stop on the road, vehicular traffic showed marked improvement.\"In most parts of the city, buses are unable to approach the stops due to road-side clutter and parking of private vehicles right up to the bus shed. Commuters, on the other hand, spill over to roads while waiting for the bus,\" said Prashant Inamdar, convenor of Pedestrians First, a citizens' group that was instrumental in helping the traffic and the municipal authorities implement the bus bay system.Inamdar said he had received cooperation from the traffic police's Deccan division, the municipal corporation and the PMPML. The trials, he said, were successful as they helped improve access to buses and flow of vehicles. Besides, the system made entering/alighting the bus safer, especially for senior citizens.Inamdar said the system is now in shambles because of total neglect by the PMC and the traffic police. \"I won't be surprised if the situation returns to where it was before. The traffic department should reinstate the barricades and maintain them. The successful and low-cost bus bay design should be implemented at other locations. Besides, the PMC should provide sturdy bollards and lane separator in place of barricades,\" he said.DCP (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16940752", "title": "Virbhadra Singh apologizes for threatening to break mediapersons' cameras", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Congress leader Virbhadra Singh on Wednesday apologized to the media for his threat that their cameras would be broken when reporters questioned him about the latest set of corruption allegations against him.\"I am sorry. I did not mean to offend anyone,\" Singh said at a press conference held in Shimla.\"I respect the media, they are doing their job. I strongly deny the allegations levelled against me ,\" Virbhadra Singh said.\"The BJP is losing ground in polls, so they are levelling allegations. I will take legal action and file defamation case,\" said Singh.Earlier, Virbhadra Singh threatened media personnel who quizzed him about recent allegations of corruption levelled against him.\"I will break your cameras. Don't you have any work to do?\", Virbhadra Singh said when reporters questioned him about graft allegations.The incident happened at Ani in Kullu district last evening when some mediapersons sought his reaction to the fresh charges levelled against him by the BJP. Dismissing the charges against him as \"baseless\", he said, \"I will deal with all these issues after the election on November 4\".The former Himachal Pradesh chief minister had yesterday brushed aside allegations by BJP and others of income tax evasion, money-laundering and forgery as \"false and fabricated\" and had threatened action against those behind the \"malicious\" campaign ahead of Himachal assembly polls.Earlier today. Congress apologized for the senior party leader's threat to mediapersons.\"If anyone is hurt, we apologise,\" party spokesperson Sandeep Dikshit said when asked to react to the incident. Terming as \"unfortunate\" Singh's remarks, the party said such things can sometime happen in the midst of an election campaign.\"We do not know the context behind the incident. Sometimes in the midst of an election campaign one gets angry and upset. It is unfortunate. Virbhadra Singh is a senior leader,\" Dikshit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934323", "title": "Maharashtra favoured Purti Power plant in 2006", "text": "NAGPUR: This will add fuel to the fire over Nitin Gadkari-controlled Purti Power and Sugar Limited (PPSL) and also his good relations with NCP ministers. State power utilities, Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) and Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company Limited (Mahatransco), granted Purti favours worth Rs4.25 crore in 2006. It came when current speaker Dilip Walse-Patil was the energy minister.This money is now being deducted from the payments MSEDCL makes to Purti for its power. But this payment started only in 2008, after a dispute between MSEDCL and Purti over selling power to a private power utility.Walse-Patil denies any involvement in the favours. Purti managing director Sudhir Dive said a request had been put forward to the state power utilities and Walse-Patil but denied that it was a favour.According to details available from energy experts and Mahatransco officials, a private company setting up a power project has to bear the cost of transmission lines and systems (power evacuation facilities) from the plant to Mahatransco's power transmission grid. In case of renewable energy projects, based on non-fossil fuel or biomass, Mahatransco has to bear 50% of total cost while the private power project bears the remaining 50%, according to a policy implemented in 2002.Purti's power plant was recognized as cogeneration plant since it was based on biomass and coal. Thus, the state power utility had to bear 50% of total cost of lines. The same was mentioned in the energy purchase agreement signed between erstwhile MSEB and Purti on September 2, 2002, and the agreement between MSEDCL, Mahatransco and Purti on May 25, 2006.However, documents obtained from official sources and orders passed by Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) in disputes between MSEDCL and Purti reveal that MSEDCL not only paid its 50% of the cost but also the remaining 50% that Purti was supposed to bear.The total cost of the power transmission lines and systems was Rs8.50 crore. Purti was to pay Rs4.25 crore, but it did not. Instead, Purti requested the state power utilities to install the power transmission lines and system on its behalf. Purti's request made through a letter was accepted, which is nothing less than a special favour. At that time, Gadkari was chairman of Purti while Walse-Patil was energy minister.Admitting this sequence of events, Dive told TOI that it was not a favour but an approval of Purti's request. \"Purti was supposed to pay Rs4.25 crore according to the energy purchase agreement. But Purti was not capable of paying this money. We requested the state power utilities (he mentions MSEB) and it was accepted. We also requested Walse-Patil, who was energy minister. You call it a favour or discretion, but it was a request that was accepted,\" he said.Dive added that Purti is paying more than the actual expenditure on the power transmission lines and systems. \"We paid Rs1.25 crore for installation of power switchyard. But we are paying interest of 11% per annum to MSEDCL on our share of Rs4.25 crore. Actually, if Purti had paid this Rs4.25 crore, as per the policy, the state power utilities were to return this amount within five years in five instalments without interest. Presently, some amount is deducted from payments MSEDCL makes to Purti for buying its power. Purti will end up paying over Rs11 crore for the power transmission lines and systems as against the actual cost of Rs8.50 crore,\" he said.Purti is now paying the entire cost of power transmission lines and systems since it was unable to generate power using both biomass and coal as planned earlier. A MERC order dated January 6, 2009, mentions that the Government of Maharashtra asked Purti on August 22, 2008, to assure refund of Rs8.50 crore payable to MSETCL in instalments over a reasonable period. It is also mentioned that \"Purti (respondent in the case) has already executed an agreement dated October 15, 2008, with MSETCL to refund Rs8.5 crore (that is the investment on evacuation facility) with interest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16934183", "title": "I\u2019m not an absconder, tweets grounded KFA chief Vijay Mallya", "text": "NEW DELHI: As agitated Kingfisher employees have been looking for answers from the grounded airline's chief Vijay Mallya , the latter on Tuesday denied being an absconder. \"I travel 24x7 where my multiple work responsibilities take me. Sections of media call me an absconder because I don't talk to them,\" he tweeted on Tuesday, speaking for the first time after the airline's licence was suspended last Saturday.Agitated employees, who have not been paid since March, are planning massive protests for this weekend when Mallya is expected to be here for the Formula One GP in Greater Noida. There is speculation about Mallya's whereabouts as employees are not being told where he is. The airline management, led by CEO Sanjay Agarwal, is trying to get employees back to work as the first step towards licence restoration but without any success.While Mallya has still not spoken about his plans for Kingfisher and its employees, he has spoken at length about F1 where his team \u2014 Sahara Force India \u2014 will participate. \"I remember how proud I felt last year to see our cars racing in India in the colours of the Indian flag. It was a moment I had dreamed about and a great sporting achievement for our country,\" Mallya said on Tuesday.Employees are planning a mega protest when and if Mallya comes to the Grand Prix. Mallya's personal staff refused to comment on whether he would be there. \"Please read his tweet ,\" is all an aide said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16934088", "title": "Former Prez Kalam at IIT-K on Thursday", "text": "KANPUR: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam is arriving at the Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur on Thursday to inaugurate the Golden Jubilee Celebrations of the Student Gymkhana of the institute here. He will be the guest of honour on the occasion.During his visit Dr Kalam would be releasing a helium-filled balloon capable of imaging, equipped with a powerful camera which, besides taking aerial shots, will also keep an eye on the institute campus and its surroundings.The balloon is capable of carrying a 3kg payload. The IIT-Kanpur would add another feather to its cap by releasing the balloon during the Golden Jubilee Celebrations of Student Gymkhana.The balloon is 35 m in length and 23 m in height and has been named Akashdeep. A dedicated team of students under the mentorship of their professors have worked hard on developing such a balloon.TOI in its edition of October 21 had mentioned that the Student Gymkhana, established in 1952 at IIT-Kanpur has completed 50 years of its existence and is celebrating its golden jubilee year. The preparations for a grand function to be organised on October 25 are already underway.According to the programme schedule issued by the district administration, Dr Kalam will be reaching IIT-Kanpur campus on Thursday (Oct 25) evening. He would be spending sometime at the air strip of the institute where an air show has been planned by the Aero Modeling Club. This event will be organised by students of the institute. Later, Dr APJ Abdul Kalam would inspect the wind tunnel facility at IIT-Kanpur.This will be followed by formal inauguration of the Golden Jubilee Celebrations. The function would be held in the auditorium for nearly one hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16926648", "title": "Nargis and Uday bond at Yash Chopra\u2019s house", "text": "There was a stream of visitors at Yash Chopra's bungalow in Juhu, Mumbai all through the day and even late at night on Monday. But, it's the presence of Nargis Fakhri , who is Uday Chopra's good friend, at the bungalow throughout, that created a little flutter. Uday and Nargis seemed comfortable in each other's company, even jovial.They were joined by Hrithik, sporting unusually long hair with wife Sussanne. Hrithik and Uday are also very close and one spotted the Roshans also chatting with Uday and Nargis. For a while, all of them hung around the garden where Yash and his wife Pamela hosted some of their famous Holi parties. Later the foursome moved inside. Just before Hrithik and Sussanne, one also spotted Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor , who came in straight from the airport. The couple were returning to Mumbai after their wedding celerations in New Delhi and Pataudi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16935536", "title": "450 cars registered, 1,100 in line today", "text": "MUMBAI: The rush for new car registrations on Dussehra began from Tuesday evening with close to 450 cars being registered and another 1,100 expected to be registered byWednesday evening.RTO sources said that a more than 1,500 new cars are expected to be on the city's roads on Wednesday . \"Dussehra is an auspicious day for car buyers. Sales are usually the highest during Navratri every year,\" an RTO official said.Sources said that though there has been a good sale of cars\u2014especially brand new models\u2014the actual scenario on registrations will be clear only on Wednesday evening. \"We expect the registrations to be on par with previous years. But it may also fall short of the figures registered in the some of the previous years,\" he stated.State transport commissioner V N More said RTOs will remain open especially for Dussehra. \"We will accept new car registrations and not turn back any car owner,\" he stated. The RTOs at Tardeo, Andheri and Wadala are expected to witness long queues of brand new cars awaiting the registration certificates (RC).Said a car dealer, \"Bookings are done in advance so that the deliveries fall during Navratri. But the car is not registered until Dussehra,\" he said.An RTO official said it is a huge burden on the short-staffed department which has to work round-the-clock to expedite the registrations. Sources said there has also been sale of special numberplates , whose prices range from Rs 5,000 to Rs 3 lakh. The highest price of Rs 3 lakh is for the number '1' if it is available in the present series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933714", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation warns against cutting Apta trees", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has planned action against illegal cutting of the Bauhinia Racemosa trees, popularly known as Apta, the leaves of which are exchanged as gold on Vijayadashami during Dasara. The tree used for a variety of purposes, including medicinal.\"Citizens should contact the civic administration and inform if they notice Apta trees being cut. They can also send SMSes highlighting the details of the areas where the trees are cut. Action will be taken against those involved in such illegal cutting,\" said a press statement issued by the civic body.According to the statement, people can call the garden department at phone numbers 25532514 or 25538553. They can send SMSes to 9223050607. Citizens can also report about the tree cutting at nearby police stations or police chowkies.Health practitioners too have appealed to people that they shouldn't cut the Apta trees or pluck its leaves. \"Apta leaves can cure digestive diseases such as diarrhoea and are very useful in treating the first stages of cancer. The Shami tree, often mistaken for Apta, helps in preventing miscarriages and can be used as a beauty enhancer to remove unwanted hair. The bark of this tree is used to treat diseases like asthma, bronchitis , leucoderma, leprosy, muscle tremors, and even piles. We can say these trees are nearly extinct,\" said a statement issued by Beyond Horizons Health and Social Circle (BHHAS).The Apta is one of several varieties of Bauhinias found in India. It is also known as 'svet kanchan' for its small white flowers and is often mistaken for the more commonly found 'kanchan', which has rose purple flowers.Apta has been found to have antioxidant and anti-microbial properties for which it has been used as a cure for digestive diseases such as diarrhoea and dysentery. It also displays anti-tumour properties and is useful in treating the first stages of cancer.Two trees are associated with the festival - the shami tree (Prosopis cineraria) and the apta (Bauhinia racemosa). During Dasara, people worship the shami tree and in Maharashtra, they exchange leaves of the apta trees. In some parts of south India, shami leaves are soaked in water until the day before Diwali when people bathe with this water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16944150", "title": "Sri Lanka to legislate anti-corruption cricket laws", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lanka would soon frame laws to eradicate the possibility of cricket match-fixing, Sports Minister Mahindananda Aluthgamage told parliament here.Speaking at a late evening adjournment motion moved by the opposition legislator John Amaratunga, Aluthgamage said no Sri Lankan cricketer had ever been guilty of match fixing.He said the new laws would also enjoy more regulatory powers over the functions of the local cricket governing body, Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC).A committee has been tasked to frame the legislation. Amaratunga, from the opposition UNP, lamented that Sri Lanka had reached four major World Cup finals in the recent times without being able to win the trophies. He wondered the reasons for such debacles.In reply, Aluthgamage said it was natural for people to entertain doubts about fair play when team does not win the finals.He would recommend that SLC obtain the services of a sports psychologist to help players achieve the best.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "16934934", "title": "An event to relive, revive tonga days", "text": "UJJAIN: A unique tonga (vehicle pulled by horse) decoration competition was organized in Ujjain on Tuesday. The purpose of the event was to promote and preserve the age old traditional means of ferrying.Citizens were given a chance to have tonga ride at Dussehra Maidan free of cost. Event convener and state tourism corporation chairman Mohan Yadav said pollution was increasing on the city roads and tonga show was held to exhort people to use this means of transportation atleast when they are not in hurry.Tonga ride could also be a way of recreation and tourism corporation would make its ride available to tourists in this holy city, Yadav announced. Minister Kailash Vijayvergiya also took a tonga ride leaving behind his official car.About 10-12 tonga turned up for the competition.One Neeta Agrawal, who brought her children for a tonga ride, said her children boarded it for the first time as there were no tonga remaining on city roads. It has gone oblivion.Similarly, Mansoor Bhai who once easily managed his livelihood by running a tonga, said its viability has finished. Now a days, people rarely prefer us over auto rickshaw, he rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16941290", "title": "Karnataka HC grants bail to Nigerian possessing one gram Cocaine", "text": "BANGALORE: In an interesting case, the Karnataka high court has granted bail to a Nigerian national in relation to a case of possessing one gram of cocaine.\"From the investigating material , it is seen that petitioner is was possessing one gram of cocaine and the same is not of commercial quantity .For the last two months, the petitioner is in custody.The apprehension in the mind of the prosecution that the petitioner may violate the bail conditions is to be protected \" Justice H N Nagamohan Das has observed while allowing the bail petition filed by Iffanyiosuji alias Iffanyi, a native of Uerng village,Umuaka town, Nigeria.The Judge has noted that investigation is complete and charge sheet is also filed.The Judge also asked the Nigerian to execute a personal bond for a sum of Rs 50,000 with a local solvent surety for like sum and also surrender his passport with the Sessions Judge until further orders. Iffanyi is also asked not leave the jurisdiction of the court without prior permission and not to tamper with evidence.He has been asked to appear in court on all dates of trial.The Nigerian, who resided at Thambu Chetty Palya, Krishnarajapuram area of Bangalore city was apprehended by Banaswadi police about three months ago and cases were booked against him under section 21(B) the Narcotic Drugs And Psychotropic Substances (NDPS )Act ,1985 and also for violating provisions of section 14 Foreigners Act, 1946. The sessions court had rejected bail on September 27, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933614", "title": "Shetty murder case: CBI searches 10 places across Pune", "text": "PUNE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Pune on Tuesday conducted searches at 11 places, including the office and residence of policemen, suspects and a lawyer in connection with the murder of RTI activist Satish Shetty.\"We have conducted searches at 10 locations in Pune and a place at Barshi in order to verify certain inputs which we have received during the investigations,\" a CBI official said. However, he refused to divulge details.The official said the CBI teams began their search operations around 8.30 am and continued late into the night. The outcome of the searches were not known.Shetty, an activist who had had used the RTI Act to unearth land scams in the district, was murdered near his residence at Talegaon Dabhade on January 13, 2010. The rural police had filed a chargesheet against criminal lawyer Vijay Dabhade, Pramod Waghmare, Navnath Shelar, Dongrya alias Hanumant Rathod and Shyam Dabhade in the case.Another suspect, Parshuram Telgu, was discharged from the murder case under section 169 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). The CBI had taken over the probe following an order from the Bombay high court.The CBI had conducted a ploygraph test on 26 people including the accused, suspects and witnesses, recorded the confessional statements of witnesses and interrogated Hanumant Rathod, Shyam Dabhade and Somnath Shankar Dhotre at the Yerawada central prison, after seeking permission from the district and sessions court here.Vijay Dabhade, Waghmare and Shelar are out on bail. Sham Dabhade and Rathod are in judicial custody at the jail. Sham Dabhade's bail plea will be decided on November 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16933567", "title": "Chief minister slams Ajit Pawar for project cost rise comment", "text": "KALYAN: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday criticized his former deputy and NCP leader Ajit Pawar, saying he would take decisions looking at all aspects even if it took more time.Pawar had criticized Chavan at a party function in Pune on Monday, blaming him for slow decision-making resulting in the increase in project cost.But Chavan, who was in Kalyan to attend programmes organized by the Kalyan- Dombivli Municipal Corporation and the Congress party said, \"Some people blame me that I takes time to take decisions. But I want to tell them that as chief ministeryou have to decide matters according to rules and regulations.''Chavan said he would not change his style of working, even if some people may not like it. \"I stand by my decisions,'' he said.Pawar had earlier said, \"Some people are worried about their own image and don't take any decisions. In the process, they save their image, but put the state at the receiving end of things.\"Congress chief Manikrao Thakre came down heavily on BJP national president Nitin Gadkari, demanding an inquiry against him for his alleged investment in companies. Gadkari has been accused of using shell companies to fund his business and of receiving investments from contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16937428", "title": "Virbhadra Singh threatens media, says he'll break cameras; Congress apologizes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Himachal Pradesh Congress unit chief and former Union minister Virbhadra Singh today threatened media personnel who quizzed him about recent allegations of corruption levelled against him.\"I will break your cameras. Don't you have any work to do?\", Virbhadra Singh said when reporters questioned him about graft allegations.The incident happened at Ani in Kullu district last evening when some mediapersons sought his reaction to the fresh charges levelled against him by the BJP. Dismissing the charges against him as \"baseless\", he said, \"I will deal with all these issues after the election on November 4\".The former Himachal Pradesh chief minister had yesterday brushed aside allegations by BJP and others of income tax evasion, money-laundering and forgery as \"false and fabricated\" and had threatened action against those behind the \"malicious\" campaign ahead of Himachal assembly polls.Cong apologizes for Virbhadra's threat to mediaCongress today apologized for senior party leader Virbhadra Singh's threat to mediapersons that their cameras would be broken on being questioned about allegations of corruption against him.\"If anyone is hurt, we apologise,\" party spokesperson Sandeep Dikshit said when asked to react to the incident. Terming as \"unfortunate\" Singh's remarks, the party said such things can sometime happen in the midst of an election campaign.\"We do not know the context behind the incident. Sometimes in the midst of an election campaign one gets angry and upset. It is unfortunate. Virbhadra Singh is a senior leader,\" Dikshit said.On Tuesday, Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley demanded a special investigation team (SIT) to probe allegations of money laundering against Singh, saying the man who is leading the Congress into the elections on November 4 has \"created a money trail, whereby unaccounted cash has found its way into ghost bank accounts only to be used later to buy LIC policies to benefit Singh and his family members\".Virbhadra Singh had also come under the scanner following allegations that he had received payments from a steel company which had come to light after raids were conducted on the firm in 2010.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16941354", "title": "India celebrates Dussehra; PM Manmohan Singh, Sonia Gandhi at Subhash Maiden", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giant effigies of demon king Ravana along with his brother Kumbhkarana and son Meghnad went up in flames today as country celebrated Dussehra symbolising the triumph of good over evil.In the national capital, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Vice President Hamid Ansari were among a large number of dignitaries who watched the evil going up in smoke at the Parade Ground and Subhash Maidan near the historic Red Fort.Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit , Lt Governor Tejendra Khanna and union Communications Minister Kapil Sibal were also present.The President, the Vice-President, the Prime Minister and a host of leaders had greeted the people on the joyous occasion hoping the festival would usher in peace, prosperity and happiness for all.The capital was all in festive colours and people who were seen dressed in their festive best attended Ramlilas and watched the Ravana effigies going up in flames. Ramlilas, vivid enactments from the life of Lord Rama, were staged in large parts of the country during the nine days preceding the festival.At sundown, the fire crackers-stuffed effigies, dotting grounds and open spaces in villages and towns, blazed and crackled in fiery splendour as crowds burst into cheers.As the effigies were set ablaze amid chants in praise of Lord Ram, people witnessed spectacular fireworks which illuminated the sky leaving many in awe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938534", "title": "Veg menus to be popular this party season", "text": "All vegetarian menus dishing out best of picks from within and outside the country will be a rage this party season says Amin Ali.The plates around India are turning green. Vegetarian dishes are no longer the dirty words on menu across eateries in India. Along with fancy meat preparations, options to gorge on delectable and beautifully presented mushroom risotto, khandvi ravioli and kadhai baby corn galore nowadays. With exotic ingredients and herbs being used in regular Indian preparations and vegetarian staples from across the world becoming a norm, vegetarians are in for a tasty treat.New age veg Gone are the days when one had mere variants of paneer or pulses soaked in butter to be satisfied with. Leading chefs and caterers are rustling up all vegetarian menus to ensure even veggies have a hearty chomp. With western food writers like the UK's Yotam Ottolenghi championing vegetarian recipes and the US' Kim Barnouin's Skinny Bitch, a book about 'delicious recipes that are good for the earth and great for the body' making it to bestsellers list, diners were glued to the developments across the globe. They too started demanding vegetarian dishes over meaty munches on the menus. Restaurants had no option but to oblige. And they responded with a smorgasbord of tasty treats. Chef Marut Sikka has noticed people attach more and more importance to healthy eating off late to the extent that some ensuring that up to 50 percent of their meal comprised of vegetarian dishes. \"Diners always looked for pairings with rice or chapattis in India. Since there weren't too many decent vegetarian options either people didn't eat outside or had turned to consuming non vegetarian dishes socially,\" he quips.Quality dishes high on taste prepared using international cooking methods were the need to of the hour. And that's exactly what Marut started doing. Soon slow roasted vegetables peppered with anardana and chaat masala served as fruit chaat, butter paneer masala high on Italian tomatoes and imported herbs and a zucchini musallam started outselling even the butter chicken.Green grub Awareness about global cuisines meant people couldn't have been dished with anything or everything. Chef Manish Mehrotra of Indian Accent who prepared no onion and no garlic dishes on request earlier today sees khandvi ravioli, potato sphere chaat, tofu kofta and mishti dohi connoli being regularly wolfed down at his restaurant. \"Indian and even foreigners demand vegetarian dishes. While they might want dishes devoid of root vegetables but they don't want it to be tasteless,\" he witnesses and is planning to come up with a completely vegetarian chef's tasting menu in the coming season. Apparent health benefits and fresh taste of ingredients are some other reasons that Manish thinks more and more people are preferring vegetarian dishes over even seafood preparations.Chef Nishant Choubey who is busy planning a robust vegetarian menu for his yet to open Dusit Devrana hotel feels even exotic vegetables are being grown locally and procurement of ingredients has eased considerably. That has allowed him to top his dishes with asparagus, artichokes, mushrooms and paprika grown in the country. From using dried zucchini in a carpaccio, otherwise a meat dish, to using thin slices of dried carrots in place of meat ham, Nishant is ensuring the vegetarians too have a reason to step out and stuff themselves. \"A non vegetarian has the choice to eat vegetarian dishes but the reverse isn't possible. So one has to make the vegetarian section robust too to ensure everyone can have a feast,\" asserts Nishant.Veggie bash It's not just fancy preparations or fusions that are a rage, chef Abhishek Mishra of Kalash Cuisine is loaded with orders for all vegetarian menus high on regional specialities from across the India. He is busy preparing five to even nine course meal featuring chaats from benaras, kachoris from kota, main course dishes from kachch and kathiwad, appam from Kerala and desserts from Lucknow. Even vegetarian variants of popular European and Chinese fare have started donning the menus of banquets of leading hotels. Chef Neeraj Tyagi of The Claridges regularly is already flooded with requests for all vegetarian lunches and dinners at hotel's banquet high on pok choy masala, veg paella, kadhai baby corn and paneer lasagna.So next time you are out for a meal or planning to host a feast, do check the vegetarian section of the menu. Your plate might be fuller or more vibrant than your meat munching companion!Food quote: Even foreigners today want dishes without onion and garlic to be served to them. And Indian customers were clear that vegetarian didn't have to mean tasteless and definitely not just paneer. \u2014 Chef Manish Mehrotra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937564", "title": "Siddhartha Basu: Quizmaster turns actor", "text": "Among the first to produce and host quiz shows on television, his name is associated with ground-breaking formats like Kaun Banega Crorepati and Dus Ka Dum. And now, Siddhartha Basu is all set to make his Bollywood debut with Shoojit Sircar's political thriller Jaffna.In a casting coup of sorts, the director of Vickey Donor has roped in Siddhartha to play the head of the RAW team in his upcoming film, alongside John Abraham who portrays an investigative journalist. Not many people know that Siddhartha happens to have substantial past experience as a stage actor.When contacted, Sircar refused to comment saying he had signed a Non Disclosure Agreement with his producers. However, Siddhartha, who is currently in London, spilled the beans: \"My good friend and long-time associate Shoojit won't take no for an answer. He says I am just what he has in mind to play the head of an intelligence agency.\"We've learnt Jaffna will also have Ronit Roy and Rahul Bose as RAW team members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938976", "title": "I miss my exquisite breasts: Christina Applegate", "text": "American actress Christina Applegate has opened up about her struggle of coming to terms with losing both her breasts after undergoing surgery for breast cancer in 2008.\"I miss my exquisite breasts sometimes,\" the New York Post quoted her as telling More magazine , referencing a line about her breasts in the 2004 comedy 'Anchorman.'The 'Up all Night' star said that her family, friends and a spiritual advisor helped her overcome her \"total emotional collapse.\"Applegate said that while her battle encouraged people to talk about breast cancer, she would have liked more time to cope with her life-altering operation.\"The good thing is that we got the information out, but talking about the facts of the disease [to others], I didn't have to see what was going on with me,\" she said.\"I think when [the attention] slowed down, it all came crashing down,\" she added.Applegate had a full recovery after her surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16935196", "title": "New expressway to cut last stretch to Taj to 15 minutes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The travel time for the 24km stretch between Yamuna Expressway and Taj Mahal , which takes around 90 minutes now, will be reduced to only 15 minutes, according to a plan prepared by the Agra Development Authority (AGA).AGA will soon build a six/eight-lane inner Ring Road expressway to improve the last-leg connectivity between Agra and NH-3 (Agra-Gwalior).At present, commuters have to negotiate huge traffic snarls as soon as they get off from Yamuna Expressway since the stretch passes through an urban area. \"We have started the process of engaging a consultant to finalize the Ring Road alignment and work out the project cost. The consultant will also suggest the project's model,\" said a senior AGA official.He added that the project can be completed in three years since the land is already with the Authority. \"Construction work can start as soon as the project is awarded to a private developer on public-private-partnership (PPP) mode. Besides, this is a priority project for the state government,\" the official. It will be a significant link for the 207-km Agra-Lucknow Expressway as well.The inner Ring Road expressway will start from NH-2 at Kuberpur and terminate at NH-3 (near Agra canal at Rohta). It will cut across Fatehabad, Shamsabad and Tantpur roads. It will have four inter-changes at Kanpur Road, Fatehabad Road, Shamsabad Road and Gwalior Road.Soon, better connectivity between Agra, GwaliorAgra Development Authority (AGA) is planning an inner Ring Road expressway to improve the last-leg connectivity between Agra and NH-3 (Agra-Gwalior). AGA got involved in the project after Jaypee Group backed out following its inability to get around 1,279 hectares, which were promised to the private developer as a \"sweetener\" to make the venture viable. Jaypee had also prepared a detailed project report, pegging its cost to around Rs 2,200 crore. It was proposed that the stretch would have at least 5.5km elevated portions with 19 underpasses.Earlier, ADA had pledged to get the land by March, 2011. Jaypee opted out last December, when the Authority failed to deliver on its promise.Industry insiders said that since the project is likely to be highly-capital intensive, recovering the cost from toll revenue would not be viable for any private developer. Government sources said that the project might be awarded on build-operate-transfer (BOT-Annuity) mode. In that case, government would pay back the entire project cost along with accrued interests in installments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16935484", "title": "Government to probe allegations of fishy funding in Gadkari companies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Tuesday said it will probe allegations of dubious funding into companies run by BJP chief Nitin Gadkari with corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily confirming that the matter will be looked into. \"The registrars of companies (RoC) will definitely inquire into it,\" the minister said.At the same time he sought to distance his ministry from the issue, saying so far it has not ordered an enquiry. \"It is all coming in the newspapers. Since it has come in public domain, we told our ministry to make some discreet inquiry to find out what exactly is the matter. Are there any violations of Companies Act? Moily said when asked about the source of funds for Purti Power and Sugar, which is controlled by Gadkari. TOI, in its Tuesday edition , had reported about the source of funds for Purti Power and Sugar as investigations revealed significant investments and large loans to the company by a construction firm, Ideal Road Builders (IRB) Group, which had won contracts between 1995 and 1999, when the BJP leader was the PWD minister in Maharashtra.But unlike Gadhkari, Moily did not say if the government will also look into the business dealing of Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , with real estate major DLF. He said the two issues were separate and there is no link between them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16938731", "title": "Match-making sites making blind dating a 'history'", "text": "LONDON: Only three per cent of young people from Britain have used blind dating to meet a potential partner in the last five years, with most preferring more modern methods like online matchmaking, it has been revealed.While 29 per cent of those over 55 have been on a blind date, just three per cent of those aged 18 to 24 have ever experienced a date with someone they knew next-to-nothing about.Match.com's annual LoveGeist report found that 62 per cent of singles now research their dates online before they meet them using search engines and social networking sites.Amongst the more computer savvy 18-24-year-olds, the percentage of those who investigate their date prior to meeting up is as high as 71.Search engines like Google are used by 30 percent of those contemplating a first date, while 20 percent check out a partner's Twitter account.Facebook is a major source of information with a massive 71 per cent of those suffering pre-date doubts while 36 per cent use dating websites to do the research for them.One reason for this seems to be a quest for an increasingly 'perfect' partner, with people from Britain assessing a date's compatibility, humour, values and intelligence as well as the more obvious level of attractiveness before agreeing to that all important first date.\"Technology has changed the way we date in many important ways. With so much information about potential partners right at our finger tips, whether it's on our online dating profiles or another social network, it's understandable that we don't want to leave who we date up to chance,\" the Daily Mail quoted Kate Taylor , a relationship expert at match.com , as saying.\"As we wave goodbye to the blind date, it's clear that people are investing their time more carefully into picking a partner, and that researching a date online before you meet up so you feel comfortable that the conversation won't dry up is a refreshing addition to modern dating,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16941068", "title": "More employees befriending bosses on Facebook", "text": "SYDNEY: A growing number of employees are adding their bosses as 'Friends' on Facebook, and are posting abusive or emotional content about a bad day's work or their job in general, a new survey has said.According to a worldwide survey by anti-virus company AVG, 13 percent of working people in Australia admit to posting abusive content about their boss or company after a bad day at work.Another 18 per cent employees in Italy have been found to express their emotions online, The Telegraph.com.au reports.According to the AVG survey, 80 percent of Spanish young working class have posted inappropriate images online, in contrast to 28 percent of Australians who have admitted doing so.The survey also showed that almost one-third of workers aged between 18 and 25 are friends with their boss on social media.But more than half them, 58 percent, admit they've never cleared potentially career damaging content from their profiles, the paper said.AVG's Australian security adviser Michael McKinnon said the level of comfort with social media was blurring the line between young people's professional and private lives.The survey canvassed 4400 people in 11 countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933701", "title": "Cars find few buyers this festive season", "text": "PUNE: Dasara festivities have failed to attract prospective buyers to car showrooms this year. High interest rates and rising fuel prices have forced them to put off their vehicle acquisitions.Even the liberal finance offers from banks - promising waivers of processing fees and concessions in interest rates - have not been able to lift the low consumer interest.Arvind Saxena, managing director of Volkswagen Group Sales Pvt Ltd, told TOI, \"Key market drivers like high interest rates and fuel prices have not displayed optimistic signs for the industry. Due to this, the excitement in the market is low, which has deterred customers from making purchase decisions.\"Saxena said that the festive season may eventually increase consumer interest, but it would not be as much as in the previous years.Mukund Khisti, marketing manager at DSK Motors Ltd, said the sales have picked up after the Pitru Paksha period, but the numbers are not very encouraging. He said DSK Toyota showrooms will deliver 250 cars on the Dasara day, of which approximately 150 will be in Pune. Sales have dropped by 20% as compared to last year, Khisti said.However, sales at Maruti Suzuki said the company's sales have been rising since the Ganesh festival. A spokesperson said the company will deliver nearly 2,500 units on Dasara day. \"Overall, sales during the Ganesh festival were 14% higher. Even in the 'shraddha' period that follows the festival, sales were 14% higher,\" he said.He added that the roll out of the new version of the mass car Alto 800 had buoyed sales significantly. Of the 2,500 cars the company will deliver on Dasara, 500 will be Alto 800s, the spokesperson said.For two-wheelers, too, the market has been sluggish for the last few months. A dealer for a major motorcycle manufacturer, who did not wish to be identified, said only those who need a vehicle purely for mobility are buying two-wheelers. \"We have not seen any mood buying on account of the festive season,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933524", "title": "Stung TRS plans massive Telangana-stir", "text": "HYDERABAD: Convinced that the UPA government is not likely to take a positive decision on Telangana in the near future, the Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) is looking at reviving the movement for T-state by launching a massive agitation in November.\"Going by the developments in Delhi, it seems we can no longer believe in the Congress and its promise made on Telangana. We are looking at launching a large-scale agitation in November,\" TRS MLA T Harish Rao told TOI on Tuesday.The TRS had initially wanted to launch the agitation in September and had also planned for convening a meeting with the party leaders including politburo members, state committee members, MLAs and MPs in the last week of August to chart out the protest plan. However, with the party supremo K Chandrasekhar Rao claiming to be getting positive signals from Delhi on Telangana, the meeting and the agitation were called off. But the Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) went ahead and independently organised 'Chalo Hyderabad' march on Necklace Road on September 30.KCR camped in Delhi between September 5 and October 3 and claimed to have held talks with the Congress leaders. The TRS chief, who issued a deadline of August 20 to the Centre to make an announcement on Telangana, extended the deadline to September-end, claiming the talks were still progressing. He later extended the deadline to October end, saying the government hoped to take decision on Telangana after the Dasara celebrations, following the cabinet reshuffle expected to come into effect by then.Although the Congress high command is said to have favoured the cabinet reshuffle , the signals that TRS is getting from the national party on Telangana is reportedly not encouraging. After the pro-Telangana activists failed to come out with an effective strategy to obstruct the ongoing state-wide padayatra of TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu, who entered the region on Monday without much resistance, the TRS is desperately in need of a plot to retain its claim on Telangana and re-launching the movement looks inevitable.\"We had already clarified that if the government gives away Telangana we would celebrate or otherwise we would agitate. Our stand is intact. We will wait up to October end, and if nothing positive comes out, we would launch the agitation. There is no question of keeping quiet,\" said B Vinod Kumar, a former MP and politburo member of TRS.While the TJAC has planned protests across the region on the state formation day on November 1, participation of TRS in the protests could just be symbolic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "savli, gujarat", "code": "16933628", "title": "8-coach Metro trains in Delhi from December", "text": "SAVLI, GUJARAT: With its ridership increasing, crowding in Delhi Metro trains has become a problem. Come December and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will introduce eight-coach trains on those corridors that have a higher ridership. On Tuesday, it received the 600th MOVIA car from Bombardier at Savli in Gujarat.Manufactured at Bombardier's facility in Savli, the new trains will complement the existing six-coach train fleet and hopefully address the problem of overcrowding, said DMRC managing director Mangu Singh. He was accompanied by urban development secretary Sudhir Krishna while taking the delivery of the car.DMRC had ordered 614 cars from Bombardier for 700 million euros and the first lot had been delivered in September 2009. Singh said his organization has been expanding its network rapidly in the NCR and delivery of more cars would help it tackle over-crowding. \"These coaches will help us carry more passengers in a safe and efficient manner,\" he said. Harsh Dhingra, chief country representative of Bombardier, was also present on the occasion and said the Savli site has evolved into an Indian production and engineering hub.The Delhi Metro began its operations with four coach trains; it then began converting them into six-coach ones in December 2010. While a six-coach train can carry 2,220 passengers comfortably, an eight-coach train would be able to accommodate 2,960 passengers. Delhi Metro carries 20 lakh passengers a day on all its six operational lines with just two corridors-Noida and Gurgaon-accounting for over 60% of the total ridership.The ridership is expected to touch 40 lakh in 2016 when Phase-III, which will bring another 107 km of the capital under the Metro map, becomes operational. The organization plans to convert most of the trains running on these two corridors that connect the capital with its satellite towns into eight-coach ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16938989", "title": "One-way roads, parking restrictions for Dasera, Durga immersion in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The traffic police have made four roads one-way, restricted parking on seven roads and banned heavy vehicles on seven roads to ensure smooth flow of vehicular traffic during Dasera followed by Durga immersion.* Some of the roads made one-way are: 1) Prakash Pethe Marg, Ramabhau Salgaonkar Marg in Colaba 2) Jagannath Shankar Sheth Road in Tardeo 3) Bapurao Jagtap Marg in Nagpada 4) 60-feet Road in Matunga* Parking will be prohibited at: 1) Nathalal Marg, Ramabhau Salgaonkar Marg and Captain Prakash Pethe Marg in Colaba 2) Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Road in Tardeo 3) Veer Savarkar Marg 4) Ranade Road 5) Mori Road 6) Bal Govind Road 7) Dyneshwar Mandir Marg and NC Kelkar Marg in Mahim* Ban on goods vehicles: No heavy vehicles will be allowed on Veer Savarkar Marg, Gokhale Road (south and north), Lady Jamshedji Road, Senapati Bapat Marg, Mori Road and NC Kelkar Marg and Tilak Bridge in Mahim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16941621", "title": "Indian shuttlers in for a bonanza in IBL", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian shuttlers lower down the ranks, who get pittance as prize money, are in for a bonanza when they take part as members of one of the franchisee outfits at the proposed Indian Badminton League.\"Nowadays an Indian player gets around Rs 10,000 as prize money if he reaches the quarter-finals of an event in India on an average. But in IBL he or she would take home Rs 2.5 to 3 lakh,\" said sources close to the setting-up of the cash-rich league.\"Each franchise team, whether it's six or eight as per the decision of the marketing firm dealing with the setting up of IBL, will have two foreign men and as many women in the team,\" the sources said.\"Like in IPL (Indian Premier League), there would be a governing council (10 in number) overseeing the running of the league, but Badminton Association of India would be owning it,\" said the sources, who confirmed that prize money will be around a USD one million.\"The governing council will be headed by the president of the BAI and will have as members the vice president, secretary, treasurer, four members of the Maharashtra Badminton Association (the chief movers behind the league), along with Pullela Gopichand (national coach) and Vimal Kumar (former international),\" the sources said.The League has got the clearance from the world governing body, they said, adding \"BWF wants at least a 15-day gap between the league's conclusion and the start of a Super Series event in its calendar.\"\"The marketing agency which is putting forth the details of the league is 'Sporty Solutionz' based in Delhi and Singapore ,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16944121", "title": "Duo steals cash from ATM by changing debit card", "text": "Surat: Two miscreants stole Rs 40,000 from the bank account of a railway employee by changing his debit card with another on Monday. The accused changed the debit card while trying to help the victim.Ajay Singh, went to check the balance in his State Bank of India (SBI) account at the ATM in Bhestan area. Singh, an employee in railway telephone exchange, inserted his card in the ATM but was not able to operate it. He tried several times but failed. Those waiting in the queue outside the ATM asked Singh to complete his transaction fast. In turn, Singh informed about his problem and asked for help.A youth in black T-shirt and blue jeans entered the ATM along with his friend. They inserted Singh's debit card in the ATM and entered password. Singh could access his account and collected a mini statement. Singh did not want to withdraw cash and asked the youth to remove the card. The youth removed the card and returned it back to Singh along with the statement.On reaching home, Singh realized that the debit card was changed. He returned to the bank and got his debit card blocked. However, the duo had already stolen Rs 40,000 from Singh's account before it was blocked. Singh then approached police and after preliminary investigation it was confirmed that the theft has been carried out using Singh's ATM card by the two miscreants.Police took the CCTV footage in which the two miscreants are seen removing cash but police could not identify the youth as their faces were not clearly visible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938130", "title": "Katie Holmes to reunite with Tom Cruise?", "text": "Katie Holmes is reportedly considering getting back together with Tom Cruise , but only if he \"leaves Scientology.\"This follows reports earlier this month that claimed that the 'Mission : Impossible' star was considering ditching the church, if it meant possibly reuniting with Holmes and his daughter Suri.\"Katie is a sucker for the big romantic gesture,\" News.com.au quoted a friend as telling British magazine Grazia.\"Tom swept her off her feet the first time around, and if he goes ahead and leaves Scientology for her, that would be seriously tough for her to resist,\" the friend said.Holmes filed for divorce from Cruise in June this year.Since their divorce was finalised, the actor has reportedly been suffering from the lack of contact with his six-year-old daughter.It is thought Cruise's connection with the Church of Scientology was one of the contributing factors to their break-up.Holmes, who was raised a Catholic, reportedly didn't want Suri to be sent to a special Scientology camp, or to be taught at one of the religion's schools.\"The religion is the biggest thing in his life. If he left that behind for her, it would be immense,\" the source said.\"But it seems that may be what he's talking about doing. He misses Suri like crazy,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934270", "title": "Forest union angry as number of workers to be regularized cut", "text": "NAGPUR: The joy of getting regularized in forest department may be short-lived for many van majoors (forest workers) as the list has been drastically curtailed by the principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF) office.Siraj Patel, central president of Maharashtra State Forest Guards, Forest Employees and Forest Workers Union, said that as per the list issued by the PCCF office on January 21, 2009, 1,359 van majoors were eligible for regularization from Nagpur Circle. However, a letter issued by the PCCF office on October 18, 2012, now states only 723 van majoors were eligible.Patel alleged that the number of workers to be regularized in Aurangabad Circle had gone up to 918 from 839; and to 766 from 447 in Yavatmal Circle and to 269 from 179 in Kolhapur Circle. \"This shows discrimination against Nagpur Circle,\" he said. On October 16, state government had issued a GR regularizing 6,546 van majoors, who worked with social forestry and forest departments and Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) for 240 days in a year between November 1, 1994, and June 30, 2004.When contacted, Sarjan Bhagat, additional principal chief conservator of forests ( APCCF) for administration and subordinate cadre, said the forest union leaders had raised the issue in a meeting with him on Tuesday. \"I've called a meeting with the union on Thursday. If we are at fault, the list will be rectified but it is not proper on the part of the leaders to jump to conclusion before the issue is sorted out,\" he said.Patel said as per the letter issued by chief conservator of forests (CCF) for Nagpur Circle on August 4, 2012, 199 van majoors were to be regularized in Bhandara, 261 in Gondia, 100 in Wardha and 461 in Nagpur forest divisions. However, letter from PCCF's office issued on October 18 curtailed the number to 62 in Bhandara, 144 in Gondia, 49 in Wardha, 468 in Nagpur and 31 in Wadsa divisions. Patel warned that van majoors would agitate if errors in the list were not rectified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "16933589", "title": "Tirumala wows foreigners", "text": "TIRUMALA: \"Nowhere in the world have I seen such a huge congregation of pilgrims on a daily basis to worship the god,\" said Simona of Lazio in Italy. Simona is a chemist and danseuse. She gushes further, \"I am also amazed by the ease with which free accommodation, food and darshan are provided at the hill temple.\"While her words must be music to the ears of the TTD (Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams) mandarins who also face flak from common pilgrims visiting the temple, hundreds of foreigners, however, were all praise for the temple management for ensuing a hassle-free darshan during the nine-day Brahmotsavams that concluded on Tuesday.More than a dozen Russians visited the Srivari temple on Sunday and Monday alongside half a dozen Italians who waited in the regular queues of Sarva darshan and also Pratyeka darshan on Monday and Tuesday. \"This was my ninth visit to the temple and I feel enlightened by the glory of Lord Venkateswara,\" said Sabrina D' Costa, who led the team of five Italians.Katherine, a teacher from Lazio, says the divinity of Lord Venkateswara has to be seen to be believed. Sebastian D' Castello, an Italian leather merchant, said that faith is a great social changer. \"I realise why there is such diversity (unity) in India though it is made up of varied cultures and people,\" he said.Simona and Katherine are among thousands of foreign devotees and believers in Hinduism who frequent Tirumala every year to worship the Lord. \"We have been receiving devotees from countries like Malaysia, Singapore, Britain and Sri Lanka regularly,\" said a senior Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam (TTD) official. He said they allow the foreigners for darshan of the Lord after obtaining a due declaration from them about their faith in Hinduism.A 15-member Russian team which visited the temple included industrial workers, school teachers and dancers. \"We have welcomed people from other faiths and beliefs to enter the temple of Lord Venkateswara if they express faith and devotion in the presiding deity,\" B Shivaji, superintendent of the temple at Padi Kavali, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16935766", "title": "Ramleela echoes in Pakistani town Karachi", "text": "AMRITSAR: These days, tiny Hindu community of Karachi in Pakistan is buzzing with the songs eulogizing Lord Rama and stories of his valour are being enacted in the Ramleelas being staged at the Swami Narayan temple.Situated on the M A Jinnah Road in Karachi, the ground of Swami Narayan temple is the venue of Ramleela being organized by Naryana Sewa Garaba Mandal and Pakistan Hindu Seva Welfare Trust (PHSWT).\"Ramleela is being staged here for decades during Navaratra which also provides an opportunity to the community members to assemble at a single place and get to know each other, and share religious feelings,\" said Sanjesh S Dhanja, president of PHSWT, while talking to TOI from Karachi on Tuesday.He said that a small group of people visits houses of Hindus, mostly in vicinity of the temple, to sing bhajans during all nine days of Navaratra. Sanjesh said they had also performed puja in which a group of Hindu widows participated before leaving for Hinglaj Mata pilgrimage on October 27.Vijay Rattan, an employee of Greenwich University, Karachi, who has been enacting Lord Rama in the Ramleela for the past four years, said that Ramleela kept the religious and traditional values of Hindus alive and helped younger generation to remain attached to their religion.Sanjash Goyar, who plays Ravana, said that with the passage of time, local artisans have perfected the art enacting roles in Ramleela. Dhanja said on Wednesday the Hindu community would set the effigy of Ravana on fire in the temple ground. He added that many Muslims also watch the Ramleela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16941441", "title": "Now, wearable camera that lets you record every moment of your life", "text": "LONDON: Now, a new wearable camera has been designed that takes a picture every 30 seconds to allow owners to record their daily lives.The new device, named Memoto, has become the latest technogical hit on Kickstarter , the 'crowd funding' website.So far, the gadget, branded as 'the world's smallest wearbale camera' has attracted over 44,000 dollars of its 50,000 dollars funding target from more than 250 gadget fans keen to capture a digital record of their entire lives.The tiny device is designed to be clipped to clothes or worn on a necklace, the Telegraph reports.The device has a five megapixel digital camera, and also features a GPS chip to keep track of owners' locations and automatically log and organise pictures via a specially-created iPhone and Android apps.According to the paper, the Swedish start-up behind the project described Memoto as a \"lifelogging\" technology, and said they plan to ship its first finished cameras in February next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934708", "title": "Bomb was put on train in Mumbai: Abu Jundal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, accused of causing RDX blast at Kalupur railway station in 2006, told state anti-terrorists squad (ATS) that the improvised explosive devise (IED) was prepared at Beed in Maharashtra and was planted on train at Mumbai.Jundal, an alleged Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) operative, has been arrested by state ATS in connection with blast on platform number 2 of Kalupur railway station at 1.43 am on February 19, 2006. An IED blast in the cold drink crates injured 25. Due to timings of the blast, loss of many lives was averted.Sources said that Jundal talked about the formative years where Fayaz Kagzi is mentioned prominently. Kagzi, a senior of Jundal at Industrial Training Institute (ITI) in Beed, had introduced him to the terror outfits. He is co-accused with Jundal in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case. Both escaped to Pakistan after the cache was seized by Maharashtra ATS the same year.\"Jundal stated that it was Kagzi who approached him for the cause of Islam and later sent him for training in Nepal where he learnt bomb making along with others. He stated that after receiving the training, he came back to Beed and along with Kagzi, and made the bomb. We are yet to know how they procured the RDX. It was miscalculation in setting the timer by the duo that averted the several deaths as the bomb was planted on Karnavati Express meant for Mumbai. Kagzi is one of the accused in Kalupur blast case,\" said an investigator.Sources said that Kagzi, suspected to be in Saudi Arabia, was entrusted with identifying the prospective Indian youths who could be used to establish a network in India for terror operations. Earlier, Andhra Pradesh police investigating terror cases had revealed that Kagzi and Jundal were sent to Pakistan by Hyderabad-based Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami (HuJI) operative Shahid Bilal via Bangladesh . Kagzi is also wanted by National Investigation Agency (NIA) for plot to attack Delhi and Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16934768", "title": "Apply for rallies only at police station", "text": "To make applying for permissions election rallies and public meetings easier, the election commission has required that the candidate just apply to the local police station where the meeting is to be held. The commission has promised permission within 24 hours. The candidate should first procure the form - annexure 16, from the returning officer, fill in all details and submit this to the area police station in triplicate.\"Earlier the form used to be physically passed from the special branch to the area police station and after verification was sent back to the special branch department of the police. This process took a long time. In the new system the candidate needs to just submit the filed up form to the area police station and collect his or her permission,\" says Ahmedabad collector Vijay Nehra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933719", "title": "Drop in sale of electronic goods despite Dasara", "text": "PUNE: The economic crunch and rising inflation has kept many a people away from electronic goods shops ahead of Dasara. Various stores dealing in gadgets such as mobiles, laptops, computers, refrigerators and televisions have registered a significant drop (about 50% in some cases) in clients this year, as compared to the same period last year.Sushil Oswal, owner of a high-end electronics store in Kothrud, said, \"In terms of the number of customers, the market is half of what it was last year. Orders and bookings for electronic items start coming in three to four days before Dasara. This year, however, business has dropped by almost 50% compared to the same period last year. The dip can be seen across a spectrum of goods - from refrigerators to washing machines to LCD televisions to microwaves to home theatre systems.\"Manoj Dham, an employee at a mobile store in Sadashiv Peth, said the craze for buying new electronic equipment on Dasara seems to be fading. Dham, who has been in this field for seven years now, said, \"A few years before, clients would start enquiring about new Dasara offers way in advance. We would daily receive 10 to 12 enquiries starting weeks before the festival. However, this year, we have hardly received 10 to 12 enquiries in all.\" Dham added that people do not believe in buying during festivals anymore, but prefer shopping at a convenient time, such as weekends.Tejas Merchant, proprietor at a mobile store on Bund Garden road, said, \"The market is so slow this time that it does not seem like Dasara. The client rush has thinned by about 40%. We usually see a lot of rush on the last day of Navaratra as well as on Dasara, mostly for cell phone orders and bookings. We have, however, not received any bookings or enquiries as compared to about 15 to 20 bookings last Dasara.\" Merchant added that the economic crunch and inflation have led many to refrain from spending on luxury items such as mobile phones.Vasu Rajwani of a computer store in Rasta Peth said the business has registered a 70% drop as compared to the same period last year. \"Orders for Dasara start coming three days in advance every year. People first enquire and then book the equipment, meaning to purchase it on the day of Dasara. We have not received any enquiries this time. Also, we had booked about 50 machines last year before Dasara; whereas the figure stands at 10 this year,\" said Rajwani.The owner of another laptop store in Mukundnagar quoted a 50% drop in business. \"One usually witnesses a huge rush a day before Dasara. We however did not come across any major rush on Tuesday, while there were hardly any orders for Dasara. Financial crunch and inflation seem to have affected people's buying capacity,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad/ongole", "code": "16935090", "title": "Andhra woman shot dead in US, grandkid abducted", "text": "HYDERABAD/ONGOLE: A 61-year-old woman from Andhra Pradesh was gunned down by unidentified assailants in King of Prussia area in Pennsylvania state in the United States when she resisted the kidnap of her 10-month-old granddaughter. The abductors fled with the baby girl, Saavni Venna, after killing Venna Satyavathamma at the apartment of her elder son Siva Prasad Reddy on Monday afternoon.Satyavathamma, a resident of Kudumulakuntla village in Hanumanthunipadu mandal of Prakasam district, had gone to King of Prussia in upper Merion township in Montgomery county six months ago to assist her daughter-in-law Latha in bringing up the child. Both sons of the deceased - Siva Prasad and Krishna Reddy - work with software majors in the US, while Latha works as a software engineer.The search for the 10-month-old girl continued with the FBI investigating the case. Authorities said the baby was last seen at around 1 pm on Monday at the Marquis Apartments near King Circle.According to information reaching here, at least three armed assailants entered Siva Prasad's apartment and tried to take away his daughter. Satyavathamma fought with them and the assailants opened fire killing her on the spot. Prasad and Latha were away when the incident took place.A pall of gloom has descended on Kudumula village soon after the information about the killing of Satyavathamma reached. Satyavathamma's husband Velugonda Reddy is a retired headmaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "16941055", "title": "Bhullar, Lahiri set to tee off in star-studded CIMB Classic", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: Gaganjeet Bhullar and Anirban Lahiri will tee off in a star-studded field that includes 14-time Major winner, Tiger Woods at the USD 6.1 million CIMB Classic, starting on Thursday.Bhullar and Lahiri have qualified for this special 48-man tournament by the virtue of having been in the top-10 at the cut-off date two weeks ago.Lahiri has been paired with Kyle Stanley , while Bhullar goes out with Robert Garrigus . Marcus Fraser , the top player on Asian Tour Order of Merit currently, goes out with Woods.Bhullar has this season won twice on the Asian Tour, while Lahiri has won once.Lahiri, who tied for fifth at the Hero Indian Open last week, said it would be an great opportunity to play with the PGA Tour players.\"I think it is a great event to play in and have the opportunity to play with the PGA TOUR players. Tiger Woods is here as well and it is a chance to get more World Ranking points.\"I think we have a great chance to win. We are used to the conditions here in Malaysia where it is really hot. I think it is something that works in our advantage. The golf course is typically Malaysian grasses that we are used to playing on. I think it is a great opportunity for us to go out and win,\" said Lahiri.Speaking about playing at this level with PGA Tour stars, the Indian golfer said, \"I had an opportunity to play with a lot of these guys at The Open Championship. This is another week that I can test myself against a quality field. It is all preparation to the lead up at the end of the year.\"I think it is a pretty simple course. You have to shoot a lot of birdies here. It is one of those courses where you can shoot six, seven, eight, nine or 10 if you are on a hot streak. It is going to be about making loads and loads of birdie this week.\"Lahiri said he is confident and upbeat ahead of the competition.\"Last week (Hero Indian Open) was a huge confidence booster for me. I'm feeling much more confident and upbeat, probably more than going into last week's event. The form is starting to come back and it is a good time.\"The first two editions of this tournament were won by Americans Ben Crane and Bo Van Pelt, but 24-year-old Bhullar, who has won two tournaments in Taipei and Macau in the past two months, is pinning his hopes on the Asian stars to shine.\"Golf is no longer only the PGA Tour. If you look at the Ryder Cup or a few of the big tours, players are coming off from all over the world. I played with K J Choi a few weeks ago in Korea, and he was telling me golf is a global game now. Anybody from any country can come and win a big tournament.\"Obviously we have 10 top players from the Asian Tour this week. It could be anybody's week, especially playing on Asian soil. It's a benefit for Asian Tour players because we have been playing in this kind of conditions for the last few years,\" he said.Bhullar also said that he was relishing the opportunity to take on the stars from America, especially Woods.In fact, the Indian had a close encounter with Woods during his practice round today when the American showed up at the tee box.\"He was standing right behind the tee box waiting for me to clear it,\" said the Indian, ranked fifth on the Order of Merit.\"I don't know if I should say yes or no (to a question on whether he was intimidated) but I think a bit. Suddenly you see Tiger Woods standing right behind your tee box, obviously, it's kind of intimidating. But everybody's at the same level, and everybody wants to win this tournament,\" insisted Bhullar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16944079", "title": "3 held for stealing TVs from showroom", "text": "VADODARA: A well-planned pilfering of LCD televisions and other electronic items from godown of a showroom on Makarpura Road was busted when the detection of crime branch (DCB) arrested two persons from Ayurvedic Crossroads on Ajwa Road on Tuesday. The cops seized 19 LCD TVs and one air-conditioner worth Rs 3.70 lakh from the accused.The cops had got a tip-off that the duo was attempting to sell Onida's LCD TV at cheap rates. The crime branch sleuths caught hold of the duo and questioned them. However, they couldn't give them satisfactory replies.The duo identified as Sadiq Jantraliya and Ramesh Khristi later told the police that they had got the LCD from Kashyap Soni who worked as manager at Alpha Eletronics. \"Soni used to handle the godown of the showroom. Investigations showed that he used to pilfer LCD TVs, DVD players and air conditioners from the godown regularly. He used to siphon one or two pieces of the electronic items at regular intervals. The showroom owner had handed over responsibility of the godown to Soni,\" said DCB police inspector KS Desai.\"Soni used to produce erroneous stock before the owner who never doubted him. The manager used to hand over the electronic items to Khristi who then passed them on to Sadiq for selling in open market,\" Desai told TOI. After the duo admitted to the crime, the cops arrested Soni, a resident of Bhayli on the outskirts of the city.The cops informed showroom owner about the incident following which he registered a complaint of theft with Makarpura police station on Wednesday. Khristi used to work as tempo driver for the showroom and Sadiq used to fit TVs. Sadiq told his friends and relatives that he worked for a TV company and sold them the stolen TV sets by claiming that he got them for cheaper rates from his company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934153", "title": "Gas company to pay Rs 13 lakh for woman\u2019s death", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission recently ordered Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) and the New India Assurance Company Limited to pay Rs 12.80 lakh to the family of a 35-year-old pharma company director who died in 2002 in a fire in Hyderabad that broke out due to a gas cylinder leakage. The woman left behind two young children. \"The state commission has rightly held that the appellants (gas company) were the manufacturers and it was their duty as well as responsibility to take all possible precautions while filling the cylinders before delivering them to the dealer. The complaint has rightly been dismissed against the dealer as there was a manufacturing defect in the cylinder,\" the national commission said.According to R Satyanarayana on February 8, 2002, his wife Lakshmi was unsealed a new cylinder to cook food. However, due to the failure of the washer in the cylinder's neck, the gas accumulated under the platform of the gas stove and suddenly a fire broke out. Lakshmi sustained serious burns and died 10 days later. Satyanarayana sought compensation from the gas company, which is headquartered in Mumbai. But they denied their liability and said the onus was on the dealer who supplied the cylinder. Aggrieved, Satyanarayana filed an appeal before the state commission in 2002.HPCL took the stand that their liability came to an end as soon as the cylinders were delivered at the premises of the distributors/dealer. They further said that after the accident, the valve and 'O' ring were found in good condition without any sign of burns and the reason for leakage of gas was due to minor cracks in the rubber tube which was not a manufacturing defect.In 2006, the commission rejected the defence and directed the gas company and insurance firm to jointly pay Rs 10 lakh as compensation along with Rs 3,000 as costs. It was held that leakage of gas was due to a manufacturing defect in the cylinder. Seeking a quashing of the order, HPCL filed an appeal in the national commission in 2007. The victim's family also sought more compensation.The national commission upheld the order of the state commission and enhanced the compensation amount to Rs 12.80 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16935524", "title": "Now, email your complaints to consumer body", "text": "MUMBAI: Now, you can lodge a complaint against errant auto/ taxi drivers before the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP) at mgpanchayat@yahoo.com.\"We will act as facilitator and forward complaints to the transport commissioner's office ,\" said an MGP activist. A list of all the complaints will also be presented before the HC, when the MGP files a fresh petition to oppose the fare hikes.TOI had first written about MGP giving an ultimatum to the CM to withdraw the fare hikes while threatening to file a fresh case in the HC.MGP's Varsha Raut said she has received several complaints . She also said the response to the call to boycott autos and cabs on October 31 is good. A Kandivli-based NGO has called for the boycott, which has got MGP support. A meeting will be held on Friday in this regard, sources said.\"The response is tremendous . Commuters are preparing to walk, car pool or take a bus on that day,\" said Rajesh Gade, organizer of the campaign . \"We will spread awareness through media, handbills and volunteers,\" he said.\"Such boycotts have never succeeded in the city,\" said auto union leader Shashank Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16942411", "title": "Angelo Mathews to captain Sri Lanka T20 side", "text": "COLOMBO: All-rounder Angelo Mathews was named Sri Lanka Twenty20 captain on Wednesday for the next 12 months in an appointment which could lead to him taking over as leader of the Test side.Mathews, 25, the Sri Lanka vice-captain in all three formats of the game, succeeds Mahela Jayawardene who resigned as T20 captain after his side lost this month's World Cup final to West Indies.\"We are giving Mathews a free hand to captain the T20 side for one year after which we will review his performance,\" said chief selector Ashantha de Mel.Mathews' first assignment will be to lead Sri Lanka in a one-off T20 international against New Zealand at Pallekele on Oct. 30. Fast bowler Lasith Malinga has been named at the T20 vice-captain, also for a one-year term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16934372", "title": "Litterateur Sunil Gangopadhyay passes away", "text": "KOLKATA: Hours before leaving this world forever, Sunil Gangopadhyay was still writing. A short story and an article remain unfinished at his desk. The loss was so sudden that Kolkata was numbed throughout Navami morning and then gradually settled into mourning.A massive cardiac arrest just after 1.30am on Tuesday snatched away the 78-year-old writer, who had become a legend in his lifetime. Gangopadhyay wrote poetry, short stories, novels and prose with equal ease, though he maintained till the end that poetry remained his first love.Born on September 7, 1934 in Faridpur, Bangladesh, Gangopadhyay's father shifted to Kolkata when he was a child and the family settled in North Kolkata. Gangopadhyay studied Bengali literature in Surendranath College, Dumdum Motijheel College and City College . He earned his master's degree in Bengali literature from Calcutta University.In the post-Tagore era, when experimentation in poetry was still rare and style dominated by Tagoreana, writers like Buddhadeb Basu, Shakti Chattopadhyay and Sunil Gangopadhyay experimented not only with form and style but also with content. Buddhadeb was the seniormost in this experiment and Gangopadhyay the youngest.Gangopadhyay in 1953 started a magazine called Krittibas which was a laboratory for experimentation in verse. The orthodox Bengali reader called them aggressive, shameless and exhibitionist. There was no stopping the new wave and Gangopadhyay rode the wave with aplomb, breaking every accepted norm and establishing his new genre of poetry. Starting from the 1960s till the early 70s, the Shakti-Sunil phenomenon became a rage. Shakti departed early, leaving the baton to be carried forward by Sunil alone.His Nikhilesh and Neera series of poems initiated many into poetry. Soon, Gangopadhyay was writing fiction as well and casting his spell. His first novel Atmaprakash was so bold that there was an outcry and he was called obscene.President Pranab Mukherjee described the loss as irreparable. \"Gangopadhyay had enriched Bengali literature through his unique style,\" he said in a message to the family. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee called it a \"great loss for Bengal\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934553", "title": "When a grand Dussehra makes a happy Eid", "text": "JAIPUR: For the last nine days, they have been burning the midnight oil not only to make Dussehra a grand day, but also to make their Eid-ul-Zuha special. The effigy makers of Ravana from Moradabad, Hathras, and Muzaffarnagar are satisfied with the brisk business this year. After selling effigies in large numbers, they are now looking ahead to celebrate the 'festival of sacrifice' with their family back in Uttar Pradesh.On the eve of the Dussehra, TOI spoke to the effigy makers who have been coming to Jaipur for generations to make the festival a grand and memorable day amidst the fireworks.\"I have made 10 effigies of Ravana including one for Aadarsh Nagar. As all of them were sold and delivered them to my clients, I now can happily return to Muzaffarnagar to celebrate Eid-ul-Zuha with my family. I will return in the evening as my three daughters and two sons must be waiting,\" said Adul Rehman, a 42-year-old effigy maker, who has been coming to Jaipur since he was 20.Showing satisfaction of his business this year, Rehman said, \"For the last two years, the business was not as expected. This year because of the good rainfall and crops, the business was good. Some of my fellowmen who are making effigies at Vidhyadhar Nagar told me that they got order to make 110 feet effigies.\"While giving shape to bulging eyes, curly moustache and broad lips of the demon king at the Tonk road, Shakur Bhai, said, \"There is an interesting trend in the past three years in Jaipur. Apart from the bookings for various Ramlila committees, we also supply the effigies of smaller size which are available at price ranging from Rs 150 to Rs 250 per piece.\"Shakur said effigy making and firework manufacturing has been a family business for him. He added that like Hindu devotees, they too watch Ramlila since the area given to them by various Ramlila committees to work are very near to the Ramlila pandals.\"Everyday we work for almost 12 hours to complete the work in time. In the evening, if time permits us, we also watch the Ramlila. I like the baritone voice of the character of Ravana,\" said Aziz Qureshi, a youngster who was giving final touches to the effigy along with his father.Meanwhile, the organising committees of Ramlila across the city said they have installed high effigies.\"The tallest effigy of 120 feet is erected by us at the Central Spine in Vidhyadhar Nagar. We are planning to make it a delightful evening for the devotees,\" said a member of the organising committee at Vidhyadhar Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16932961", "title": "Apple unveils 7.9-inch iPad mini at $329", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apple on Tuesday unveiled iPad Mini, a smaller version of the original iPad, with a 7.9-inch touchscreen, starting at $329.iPad Mini runs on dual-core A5 processor, FaceTime HD camera and 5MP iSight camera (with1080p recording). This tablet will compete with the likes of Google Nexus 7, Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7 and Amazon Kindle Fire HD.The company also refreshed the regular iPad, launched in March this year and made it faster and added the new 8-pin Lightening dock, which was introduced in September with iPhone 5.The tablet now also runs on a brand new A6X processor, which provides it with twice the CPU and graphics processing capabilities. It can now work on 4G LTE networks and Wi-Fi, and still offers the same 10 hours of promised battery life.The new iPad Mini runs on iOS 6 and features the 8-pin Lightning dock. Battery back-up of the all-new Apple iPad Mini will be 10 hours, same as that of the full-sized iPad.According to Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, iPad Mini has 35% extra screen space than routine 7-inch tablets, its current rivals. Since iPad Mini has the same screen resolution, all existing apps for iPad will run smoothly.Apple is offering the Wi-Fi only iPad Mini in 16, 32 and 64GB capacities at $329, $429 and $519 respectively. For the 4G-compatible versions of the device, users will have to shell out an additional $130 for each variant. iPad mini and ipad 4G will be up for pre-orders on Oct 26. The Wi-Fi versions will start shipping on November 2, while the cellular-enabled models will hit the shelves two weeks later.Apple also refreshed its computer line-up today by unveiling new versions of iMac, 13-inch MacBook Pro and Mac mini.Before his death, Apple founder Steve Jobs had in 2010 vehemently opposed the idea of a smaller iteration of the Apple's tablet, though company documents have revealed that he warmed up to the idea later on.However, 7-inch tablets have done well in the market and gained traction worldwide, specially at lower price points. In India, the market for budget tablets is booming and many companies have 7-inch Android tablets priced at under Rs 10,000.The launch of iPad Mini indicates that Apple is changing its strategy with respect to lower-priced Android tablets. Samsung tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7 is the highest priced tablet among the competitors of iPad Mini and costs approximately Rs 28,000, a price point that Apple's small tablet is unlikely to hit. It is positioned in the $350 segment, where the 7-inch Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 is at present. If Apple maintains this pricing for India, then it would be offering a new, technologically up-to-date product to consumers at a lower price than its bitter rival.Another challenger for Apple iPad Mini is Google Nexus 7, which is expected to cost less than Rs 20,000 in India. Apple iPad Mini might lose some customers to Google due to its higher pricing, which would put the iPad Mini out of reach of the segment that prefers lower-priced tablets. But with its cutting edge features, the iPad Mini may entice a new segment of buyer that prefers iPad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934223", "title": "Stick as deadly weapon as knife: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Bombay High Court's bench in Aurangabad has observed that a stick is as deadly a weapon as knife before acquitting three persons accused for killing a person in self-defence. \"Stick is no less a weapon than knife and is sufficient to instill in the mind of the victim, fear or apprehension of either losing life, or of suffering grievous injury in case of assault with such weapon,\" a division bench of justices Ambadas Joshi and UD Salvi stated.\"Even a mighty tiger with claws and paws in his armoury attacks relatively defenceless human being out of fear; and the accused being not an exception, was not expected to act differently. Self-preservation was the paramount consideration in the eyes of the accused at the material time as it is predominant basic instinct in all living beings,\" the judges added before acquitting three youngsters - Sheikh Amjad Sheikh Asad, his father Sheikh Asad Sheikh Lal and friend Javed Pathan, all residents of Aurangabad.The case arises out of a quarrel that took place on March 22, 2009, between two groups. According to the complainant Shaikh Feroz, he and his brothers intervened to pacify first accused Amjad, who was abusing their nephew Shaikh Nazir in the presence of his father's friend. In the scuffle, the accused started assaulting them with fist and kick blows. Amjad also got his right hand fractured after he was hit by a hockey stick in the fight. In the midst of the brawl, Pathan handed over Gupti to Amjad who gave blows on Nazir's stomach with his left hand. Nazir was admitted to Government Medical College and Hospital in Aurangabad with bleeding injuries and he succumbed to them on same day.The Begumpura police arrested the accused under Sections 302, 307, 324, 143, 147, 148, and 504 of IPC. The Aurangabad sessions court convicted the trio for culpable homicide under Section 304-II of IPC and awarded seven years rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs2,000. This was challenged in the high court where the judges ruled in favour of petitioners stating there was no reason for Amjad not to entertain apprehension of being killed by the rival men after having suffered fracture to his right hand due to the assault with hockey sticks.\"Evidence shows that there existed circumstances which would have reasonably caused apprehension in the mind of anyone facing the assault made by group of men armed with knife and sticks that he was either to meet his end or suffer grievous hurt at the hands of assailants, and the accused could not have been an exception to feel otherwise,\" the judges ruled while acquitting the trio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16934425", "title": "Ex-gram pradhan's husband shot", "text": "VARANASI: Pramod Kumar Ram (45), husband of former pradhan of Hathodi village Usha Devi was sprayed with bullets near Kirahia village, under Gahmar police area in Ghazipur district on Tuesday. Angered by his killing, Bahujan Samaj Party activists and villagers kept the roads blocked near Kirahiya canal for six hours.Pramod had gone to Kirahiya village on his motorcycle. When he was returning home, two miscreants came on a motorcycle and intercepted him near a brick kiln in Kirahiya village. Initially they indulged in fighting with him and opened indiscriminate fire. Ram sustained bullet injuries on chest, stomach and back. He died on the spot.Several BSP activists, including district unit chief Gulab Ram reached the spot. The Gahmar police took more than 30 minutes to reach there. Angered by it, the BSP men and residents of the area blocked the road near Kirahiya canal.They demanded the district magistrate and SP to reach the place. Many officials, including ASP (rural) Ram Swaroop Singh and SDM Kailash Singh reached there but the agitators were rigid on their demand. After six hours, SP Ghazipur BK Garg reached the spot. The officials assured to provide financial assistance and security to the family of Ram and early arrest of killers. The mob ended the agitation and handed over the body for postmortem examination. A named FIR against five persons was lodged in this connection. Police suspected that Pramod was killed in political or professional rivalry.Thieves strike as families go out for puja: Leaving their houses unattended to offer worship and enjoy Durga puja celebration proved costly for two families as bands of thieves decamped with cash and valuables worth of Rs 20 lakh from their residences in different localities on Monday night.According to reports, Amit Verma, who belongs to Bhojpur in Bihar has been residing in a house in Santnagar Colony of Kakarmatta area under Manduadih police station with his wife, brother and sister for past 10 years. His mother Krishna Devi had arrived recently. All the family members left the house unattended for Vindhyachal on Monday evening to perform puja rituals.When they returned around the wee-hours on Tuesday they found doors of their house broken. Thieves had ransacked all rooms before fleeing with Rs 31,000 in cash and ornaments worth over Rs 15 lakh. On receiving information about the incident, police reached the site with sniffer dog and fingerprint squads. But for all the efforts the cops got no clue of the thieves.Meanwhile, cash worth Rs 70,000 and other valuables worth over Rs 1.25 lakh were stolen from the house of Ajay Gupta in Telianala area under Adampur police station. The incident took place when Ajay along with his family members had gone to take part in Durga puja celebrations. Police were investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933500", "title": "Task Force arrests four for duping grocer", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths on Tuesday nabbed four persons, including a history-sheeter, for duping a grocery store owner to the tune of Rs 50,000 by posing as police personnel.Police arrested Selva Ganapathi, 21, T Vishal, 31, of Regimental Bazar, N S Kiran Kumar of Bolarum and M Chiranjeevi, 22, of Bandimet. Chiranjeevi is a history-sheeter of the Market police station.Police said the four duped grocery store owner K N V Kiran Kumar of Regimental Bazar by promising to settle his civil dispute. Believing that they were police personnel, Kiran Kumar gave them Rs 11,000 cash and two laptops.However, when they started avoiding him, Kiran suspected something foul and lodged a complaint at the Gopalpuram police station.Acting on an alert, police arrested the four from Secunderabad on Tuesday. Police seized two laptops, four cell phones and a fake police ID card from them and handed them over to the local police for further probe.In another case, the Bowenpally police arrested notorious thief Shaik Chand of Karimnagar, who was travelling in a stolen Eicher van, during vehicle check near Suchitra.During interrogation, Chand confessed that he had stolen the vehicle on Sunday from Tadbund. He was produced in court and remanded on judicial custody on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16934436", "title": "Commercial power tarrif for lawyer's office: GSCDRC", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state consumer disputes redressal commission ( GSCDRC) has dismissed an appeal filed by a Vasco-based lawyer who objected to the electricity department charging his office in Vasco electricity tariff at commercial rates.Relying on two judgments of the Supreme Court, a recent order of Justice N A Britto, president and Vidhya Gurav, member, concluded that \"what matters is the character of the purpose of user of the premises and not the character of the place of user.\" The commission ruled that the appeal had no merits and therefore dismissed it \"leaving the (opposing) parties to bear their own costs\".The facts of the case are that Vasco lawyer Albino S C Vales, with an office at Apna Bazaar, Vasco, obtained an electricity connection for his office in May 1990 and was paying electricity tariff on commercial basis.Vales felt that his office was not a commercial premises, based on Supreme Court rulings and wrote to the assistant engineer to not charge him electricity tariff at commercial rates. The assistant engineer by his letter dated September 10, 2004 informed Vales that the matter was taken up with the chief electrical engineer. When Vales failed to get a response from the chief electrical engineer, he filed a complaint against the electricity department with the South Goa district consumer redressal forum in March 2007.According to the electricity department, as per government notification which was in force when the lawyer was given connection, all shops and offices were included in the tariff \"LTC/Commercial\" without discrimination as to the nature of business or profession undertaken in the shops/offices.The electricity department stated that from April 11, 2002, the office of the lawyer, like all other offices was applied commercial tariff based on the tariff policy in the notification dated April 10, 2002 published on gazette dated April 11, 2002. The electricity department stated that there was no deficiency in service on their part and they had applied the tariff as per the rules in force.The South Goa district forum, in dismissing the complaint, observed that the notification published in gazette dated April 11, 2002 was not challenged by the complainant nor had the complainant made any application to the electricity department to change his original requisition for installation of electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939071", "title": "Delnaaz should win Bigg Boss: Kashif Qureshi", "text": "Bigg Boss 6 on Colors' will see yet another elimination this weekend. Bhojpuri superstar Nirahua was the first to exit the show, followed closely by common man Kashif Qureshi.For Kashif, one person clearly stands out who will survive the Bigg Boss house till the very end. Says Kashif, \"Delnaaz will and should win. She is very sweet and original. She's not calculative and manipulative. Only such a person can win otherwise people will point fingers at the country. If you see all the winners till now, they have also been dignified. All the winners have been original and seedha saadha. That's what the audiences want\".But with housemates voting for one another, eliminations are also unpredictable and tricky. Only time will tell if Kashif's predictions will come true!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new dehli", "code": "16940816", "title": "Markandey Katju slams politicians for being 'intolerant' towards media", "text": "NEW DEHLI: Slamming the \"ugly display of temper\" by Virbhadra Singh after he threatened to break cameras of mediapersons, Press Council chief Markandey Katju today said such increasingly intolerant behaviour by politicians against journalists was unacceptable in democracy.\"It is deeply regrettable that certain politicians are of late becoming increasingly intolerant towards the media, and are not behaving in a manner which is expected of them in a democracy,\" he said in a statement here.\"The latest instance of such undemocratic behaviour is the alleged statement of a senior politician that he will break the camera of a journalist when asked about some allegations against him,\" Katju said in a reference to the Congress leader.The Press Council of India chairperson said that in a democracy it was the people who were supreme and politicians were only servants of the people.Media acted as an agent of the people for giving them information about their servants and intolerant behaviour by politicians had no place in a democracy.\"If something untrue is published about a politician he has certainly a right to get his rejoinder published, but losing one's balance or giving an ugly display of temper is just not acceptable in a democracy,\" Katju said.Singh had threatened to break the cameras of mediapersons on being questioned about allegations of corruption against him at Ani in Kullu district last evening.In his statement, Katju also referred to previous instances where he felt that the political class had not been tolerant enough towards the media.\"Before that there was a statement of a chief minister of a certain state that a section of the media is doing dadagiri and spreading negative canards about the state government,\" Katju said in his statement.He was apparently referring to West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee's remarks.Katju said that in some states some \"political workers (evidently at the orders of their leaders) had physically assaulted media people and even vandalised the office of a leading newspaper in Mumbai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16935672", "title": "Goat hunt at livestock market", "text": "LUDHIANA: People have started flocking the make-shift livestock market at the Grain Market near Jalandhar Bypass like every year before Eid-ul-Zuha. With two days remaining for the festival, people are rushing to buy the best sheep or goat before the stock runs out.Livestock traders too, have a variety, suiting every buyers' pocket and platter.Field Ganj-based businessman Muhammad Khalid bought a goat for Rs11,000 on Tuesday. He said, \"I sacrifice a goat every year to commemorate the willingness of Prophet Ibrahim to sacrifice his son Ismail as an act of obedience to Allah. We wash the goat, apply henna and decorate it before the sacrifice.\"\"Allah showers blessing on those who sacrifice livestock as an act of obedience. But, those unable to do so aren't exempted from his blessings, either,\" said Sharmilli Haji, a homemaker from Hargovind Nagar, as she scanned the livestock market trying to spot a suitable goat or sheep for Eid-ul-Zuha celebration.\"The business has been good so far but we hope it will get better in the next two days,\" said Sucha Singh Lalka, a trader selling livestock at the market.Garment factory owner Muhammad Naushad of Civil City added, \"We sacrifice the livestock after Eid-ul-Zuha prayers and distribute the meat among poor, our kin and neighbours and keep a part of it for ourselves.\"Saleem Malik has travelled all the way from Gonda in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh, to sell his 12 goats here. He said, \"The costliest goat I have is worth Rs 45,000 and I hope to find a customer for it soon.\" Besides traders from UP, there are others from Rajasthan as well at the livestock market, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939036", "title": "Spanish opera singer hospitalised", "text": "Spanish soprano Montserrat Caballe has been admitted to the intensive care unit of Barcelona's Sant Pau Hospital after suffering a mild stroke, authorities at the medical centre told EFE.Caballe, 79, is showing favourable progress, fully conscious and able to speak with her doctors and family members, the authorities said.The singer suffered a slight stroke last week in Russia that caused her to faint and in the process broke a bone in her arm, after which she was flown to Barcelona.Caballe has had to cancel several of her upcoming professional engagements, including the performance she had scheduled for this Wednesday.This was not the first time in recent years that the soprano has had to suspend performances because of her health, as occurred in July 2010.Despite such setbacks, Caballe has never left the theater and in January celebrated in Barcelona's Liceo her 50th year on that stage, where Jan 7, 1962, she made her debut in the opera \"Arabella\" by Richard Strauss.This year she has performed in a number of theaters around the world, and in an interview last spring said that she was booked solid until 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16935211", "title": "State Pollution Control Board asks puja organizers to reduce river pollution", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Every year after immersion of Durga idols most rivers get polluted. Though the Odisha State Pollution Control Board (OSPCB), issues advisory to puja organizers to minimize water pollution, it is hardly followed triggering concern among environment activists.This year the immersion ceremony is on Thursday in the twin cities of Cuttack and Bhubaneswar. The OSPCB has already issued the do's and dont's of minimizing pollution, to the puja organizers. \"Use of chemical colours, Plaster of Paris , thermocol and burnt clay are a strict no-no as these pollute the water. We have been warning the organizers to avoid their use while making the idols,\" said OSPCB member secretary Sidhant Das, adding that the board issues the advisory every year as part of its awareness measures.Puja organizers are advised to use soil and vegetative dye in idol-making and remove perishable substances from the idols before immersion, he said. The board has deployed its staff at 75 places in the state to collect water samples for testing the pollution level. \"As the quality of water is tested every month, the municipal bodies are intimated accordingly,'' he said.Environment activist Biswajit Mohanty demanded that the board should make it mandatory for organizers not to use chemical colours and other harmful elements in idol-making. \"The situation might assume serious proportions in the future unless the guidelines are strictly followed. The local administrations should ask the committees to use eco-friendly substances in making idols while issuing permission to them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938070", "title": "Cop steals the show at this do", "text": "ACP Ranveer walked into a theatre in Cuttack on Friday \u2014 smart, tough and confident \u2014 but no, he wasn't in his khaki uniform.It was the premiere of Sudhakar Vasanth's big-budget ACP Ranveer and Anubhav Mohanty looked every bit the suave hero, dressed in a grey shirt and black trousers. The first day's show also had heroine Akankshya \u2014 looking pretty in a pink sari \u2014 Ilu Banerjee and other cast members in attendance.The crowd was seen having a gala time, while the actors enjoyed the ceetees and the claps. Packed with jaw-dropping stunts and hummable songs, it was a paisa vasool three-odd hours for the audience. \"I am a big fan of Anubhav and was here with my friends to watch the movie,\" said a Sangram Biswal from the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16934466", "title": "Samajwadi Party to focus on youth for 2014 Lok Sabha polls: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday said that the Samajwadi Party will focus on youths in the forthcoming general elections. The party will not only address the issues pertaining to young population, but would also prefer young candidates to contest 2014 Lok Sabha polls. He said as on date, the SP is more popular than many of the national parties.Addressing the media in Delhi, Akhilesh said the party's popularity is rising with each passing day and more and more people are joining it. Akhilesh had reached Delhi to attend the Bhoomi Pujan of the plot of land for the new party office building.Senior SP leader and party general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav , who also attended the event, said the party will contest the forthcoming Madhya Pradesh assembly elections in an organised manner. From the SP side, the battle of ballots will be led by Chowdhary Munawar Saleem - a Rajya Sabha MP from UP quota. Chowdhary is a resident of Vidisha and is one of the founder members of the party in Madhya Pradesh. He is presently the general secretary of the MP unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933696", "title": "New power bills to adjust extra payout", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come November and you will see the effect of the revised tariff order on your power bills. A day after DERC announced the revised tariff, reverting to the original slabs, the three discoms - Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd (TPDDL), and Reliance groups BRPL (Rajdhani) and BYPL (Yamuna) - gave assurance that the bill generated for November will incorporate all the adjustments.\"It is a tedious job which will require software upgrade. But we are on the job to ensure that the November bill shows the amount credited after the adjustments. We are trying to attach all the details with the bill issued to the consumers,\" said Praveer Sinha, CEO, TPDDL.The order that has abolished the contentious 0-400 units slab will come into effect retrospectively from July 1. According to DERC calculations the new tariff will reduce power bills of about 9 lakh consumers falling in 200-400 units slab by 10%-15%. Depending on the use of appliances, the relief in some cases can be as high as 22%, while in others it may be as low as 3%-4%. Also, consumers in 400 and above units slab will have to pay 10 paisa more for per unit power consumption. The new tariff order has raised the per unit charge in this slab from Rs 6.4 to Rs 6.5 per unit.\"These are not simple calculations, but we are trying to do them at the earliest in compliance of the DERC order. The adjustments will be have to be made at once,\" said Gopal Saxena, CEO of BRPL. Officials of BYPL, too, confirmed that the discom has already started working on bill adjustments.Discom sources said the revised tariff will cause an annual revenue loss of Rs 200 to 220 crore to all three discoms combined. BRPL that caters to the maximum number of consumers will see a revenue loss of Rs 80 to 90 crore (approx), while other two discoms will lose around Rs 60 crore per annum.\"This is true but we have no choice but to follow DERC orders,\" Saxena added.The new tariff order, which abolishes the contentious 0-400 units slab, will come into effect retrospectively from July 1", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16934581", "title": "Deadline to apply for Social Impact Awards extended for 7 days", "text": "The last date for receiving applications for this year's Times of India Social Impact Awards, presented in partnership with J P Morgan, has been extended by seven days after persistent requests that the last few days for online application coincided with the festive season and holidays, preventing many from applying. Applications can now be submitted till October 30, 2012.The past three weeks saw a steady stream of applications through the online facility at the Awards website. According to the team handling the entries, this year's entries are already close to twice the previous year's number. As the last date came closer, Times of India offices were besieged by calls and emails requesting more time, especially from corporate-backed NGOs and government departments.The schedule for the subsequent process of selection has also been accordingly adjusted. Knowledge partners Dasra, Guidestar India and GiveIndia will process and shortlist the entries by November 13 and shortlisted organizations will have a week to submit further documents online.Selected entries to be further gradedThe shortlisted entries will go to a panel of experts for evaluation who will grade them. The top 3 entries in each sector and category will go to a jury of eminent personalities which meets on December 20 for picking out the final winners. The Awards presentation ceremony is planned for January 28, 2013 at New Delhi.The world of developmental NGOs and funding agencies has been buzzing with talk about the Awards. Several international funding agencies based in Delhi are reported to be keenly watching the process as it would throw up some of the best NGOs in the country. International NGOs too are looking at the Awards as a shortcut to identifying NGOs with whom they can develop partnerships in future.The Times Social Impact Awards will be given to non-governmental organizations, corporate-backed organizations and government entities for services rendered in the fields of education, health, livelihoods, environment and advocacy &amp; empowerment. In all there are 15 awards to be won \u2014 3 categories in each of the 5 sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937854", "title": "Archita to play a cop", "text": "Women-centric films aren't an everyday affair in Ollywood. And ever since director Biranchi Narayan Panda announced his film, ACP Sagarika, there has been excitement galore. The film, which has already hit the floors, features leading lady Archita in khaki.Panda, for one, believes that on offer is a flick that viewers will lap up. \"It's a family drama with a good dose of action. The story is original and I'm sure the audience will love to see Archita getting under the skin of a tough cop,\" said the director. The film will be shot in and around Bhubaneswar and Cuttack. \"We have no plans to shoot outside Odisha. We have explored some beautiful locales and plan to shoot the song sequences in the backdrop of the breathtaking landscape of Rayagada,\" informed Panda.Even though the trend of item songs is fast catching up in Ollywood, the director added that there won't be any in ACP Sagarika. \"It's a family drama and we have consciously left out item numbers. There are five songs and all are bound to touch a chord,\" he said.Apart from Archita, the cast includes Prakruti Mishra in a parallel lead and newcomer Abhisek. The film also features eminent actors like Mihir Das and Jayeeram Samal. Giving us an insight into the storyline, Panda added, \"Archita will be seen in the role of an IPS officer, who is committed to her family and its values.\" The film's music has been scored by Manmath Mishra and singers like Udit Narayan , Vinod Rathore, Tapu Mishra and Sailabhama have lent their voices to the soundtrack. Well, this does sound exciting!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16940115", "title": "Maradona magic enthralls thousands of football fans", "text": "KANNUR: Legendary Diego Maradona on Wednesday cast a spell on football crazy fans of Kerala, entertaining them with some magical moves with the ball, including his left-footed manoeuvres and headers, at the jam-packed Municipal Jawahar stadium.It was a dream come true for the thousands of football fans who patiently waited for hours in the scorching sun to see in action the iconic 1986 World Cup winning captain of Argentina.A thunderous applause from the fans in the stadium, which has an official capacity of 50,000, greeted Maradona as he made his appearance at around 11 am.Clad in half-sleeves shirt and jeans, the 51-year old veteran blew kisses and waved at the delirious fans before singing a Spanish number and shaking his legs with renowned TV compere Renjini Haridas.Fans held banners sporting messages \"Football God is in the God's Own Country\" and \"Football God Maradona\" as the Argentine, here for the inauguration of a private jewellery group for which he is the brand ambassador, took the centrestage.Maradona took the mike from the compere and thumping his chest said, \"I love India. I love Kerala\" sending the fans who have come from across the state to a frenzy.Then came the virtual treat as Maradona kicked a few balls into the crowd and performed some of his magical moves on the stage along with Indian football great I M Vijayan.He also cut a cake, made in the shape of a playground with a football on top of it, in an advance celebration of his 52nd birthday which falls on October 30.Closed Circuit TVs were placed at several places by the organisers, Chemmannur International Jewellers, to enable the fans get a view of their hero.Selected as the FIFA Player of the 20th century along with Pele in 2000, Maradona is on his second visit to India after his sojourn to Kolkata in 2008 for a function.Tight security arrangements were in place for the visit of the Argentine, who had arrived here yesterday. Around 3,000 police personnel had been deployed on security duty.Maradona, after arriving here by helicopter from Kochi, had a quiet day remaining in his hotel room yesterday.Kerala Home Minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan, Sports Minister K B Ganeshkumar, MLAs and a galaxy of former national and state players attended the function.The cake cut by Maradona weighed 25 kg and one metre in length, organisers said.As he cut the cake, the gathering wished him a 'happy birthday'.First, Maradona placed the knife on the 'football', but apparently unwilling to cut it, he nodded his head in disapproval and chose 'playground' instead.Maradona leaves for Dubai tonight from Karippur International Airport at nearby Kozhikode, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933629", "title": "Blueline driver gets 1-year jail for rash driving", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a Blueline bus driver to one year in jail for crushing a motorcyclist at a traffic signal a decade ago.District judge R K Gauba dismissed the appeal of Vasant Kunj resident Sachhidanand against the order of the magistrate and sent him to jail. \"In these circumstances where a precious life came to an untimely end and keeping in mind the need for deterrence to such cases, I do not find any good reason to reduce the rigour of the sentence awarded by the court,\" the judge said.According to the prosecution, the incident took place in April 2002, when 27-year-old Sarfaraz had stopped his motorcycle at a traffic signal in Jia Sarai, south Delhi, and started moving when the signal turned green. The Blueline bus, driven by accused Sachhidanand, also started moving and hit the motorcycle from behind, it said.The victim was crushed by the rashly driven bus and died on the spot. The driver was chased by onlookers, who later handed him over to police.The accused, in his defence, claimed it was a false case and that he was not the driver of the offending vehicle. The court, however, said the judgment of the magistrate does not have any error.\"The guilt of the appellant is writ large in the facts proved. The motorcycle of the victim had been hit from behind. In the scenario wherein the victim on his motorcycle was moving, after the traffic signal had turned green, with other vehicles also on the move, the appellant driving the bus was expected to keep his vehicle under check. The fact that he ended up colliding against the motorcycle from behind itself shows that the speed used by him was excessive and beyond his control. This renders him guilty of rash driving,\" the sessions court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16944092", "title": "Murder accused held, two others absconding", "text": "RAJKOT: Crime branch officials have nabbed one of the three accused in the murder of 25-year-old Bharat alias Lalo Karen. The accused, who was arrested by police on Wednesday, has been identified as Mango Bharvad.On Tuesday morning, three persons had come in an autorickshaw with a severely injured person and admitted him to the emergency ward of the civil hospital. When doctors had declared the injured person dead, all the three had fled from the spot.\"The rickshaw in which the injured person was brought to hospital was owned by Mango Bharvad who has been arrested. He has told us that the victim was stabbed by Montu Rathod and Nilesh Rathod following a heated exchange of words while all of them had been drinking,\" said a police official. The injured person was later rushed to the hospital in his autorickshaw which was identified with the help of CCTV footage.\"We have handed over the accused to Pradhyumanagar police station where a case has been registered,\" said a crime branch official.Police are now on the look out for the remaining two accused. Police sources said that Bharat was a divorcee and addicted to liquor. His father had purchased a new rickshaw for him but had taken it back as he did not contribute to the family's income. This had led Bharat to leave his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933450", "title": "Military engineer held for taking bribe", "text": "HYDERABAD: Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths trapped a Military Engineering Service (MES) engineer working at the Air Force Station, Hakimpet, while he was accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000 from the complainant on Tuesday.Based on the complaint lodged by a contractor, CBI booked a case against Ch Ravi, a garrison engineer at Hakimpet station, under sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act and laid a trap to nab him.Ravi had demanded Rs one lakh as bribe from the contractor to clear his pending bills. \"On Tuesday, as per the plan, the contractor offered Rs 20,000 as part payment to the engineer and our team caught him red-handed while accepting the bribe,\" a CBI officer said. The tainted currency was seized from the possession of the MES engineer and chemical test conducted on his fingers yielded positive results. He was arrested and produced before the CBI court which remanded him in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur/ajmer/jodhpur", "code": "16934832", "title": "Fire breaks out at commercial places in 3 cities", "text": "JAIPUR/AJMER/JODHPUR: A fire broke out on Monday in a factory and later engulfed four adjacent godowns in Ajmer district. In similar incidences fire broke out in commercial places in Jaipur and Jodhpur.According to police officials fire broke out in a factory of plastic materials and the flames soon spread to four godowns at Kesarganj, Idgah in Ajmer. Nearby shopkeepers of the area claimed goods worth Rs 3.5 crore were reduced to ashes. The losses of other three companies identified as Jainarayan, Shankar Golden and Pooja Transport, are yet to be estimated.Officials claimed 20 fire tenders were used to douse the fire and it was controlled on time from spreading to nearby areas.Similarly, fire broke out at Bhandari Handicraft Company situated near industrial area in Jodhpur. The incident occurred early in the morning. Officials claimed the fire was doused after 13 fire tenders rushed to the spot. It was reported goods worth Rs 1 lakh was damaged in the incident. Official sources said, \"We are yet to ascertain the cause, however, it is suspected the accident occurred due to short circuit in the compressor.In the third incident fire was reported in Jaipur where a spectacles showroom in Nandplaza in Nandpuri area suffered huge losses. With no reports of death, officials are yet to ascertain the exact cause of the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16942757", "title": "Howdah elephant Arjuna ambles majestically drawing curtains to Dasara 2012", "text": "MYSORE: Arjuna did it with elan, ease and poise.On Wednesday when Mysore kept its date with history, the 52-year-old has his redemption carrying the fabled golden howdah on his back with dignity, matching the style and pride of Balarama, who now could give up his captaincy to his successor. Like in international cricket, the 54-year-old will be in the playing eleven taking part in Dasara festivities for some more years to come but would not lead the fabulous procession, if Arjuna's performance is any indication.Starting his second innings on a firm foot, Arjuna ambled the 5 km Dasara process stretch majestically without creating any fuss. Matching the size and magnitude required to be howdah elephant, he delivered it straight in 150 minutes reaching Banni Mantap Grounds at 6.40 pm. When the 750 kg howdah was taken off from his back at the Banni Mantap, the authorities heaved a sigh of relief: The three teams armed with tranquilizers to tame the tusker just in case it is required had no work. His Wednesday's performance has sealed his slot as the captain.Early in the morning when they started to prepare for the big day, the officials were nervous. Though the mahout and the forest officials were confident, the official machinery was edgy minutes before the procession started. At the end of it, they were a happy lot.After the CM Jagadish Shettar performed pooja to Nandi Dhwaja at Balarama Gate of the Mysore Palace at 1.46 pm in Dhanur Lagna, the caravan set rolling showcasing cultural Karnataka. There were folk artists and tableaux displaying to the milling crowd a slice of history. Having performed the daunting task of carrying the howdah for 14 times in a row, Balarama got his due: As the procession opened at 2.15 pm, Balarama, the gentle giant, ambled majestically opening the procession performing the task of Nishan elephant the one that announces the start of the spectacle. After some 100 minutes, Arjuna with Kanti and Chaitra as kumki elephants to keep him under check, trudged out of the Palace. The rest , as they say, is history witnessed by ten of thousands lining up the procession route.Last time he carried the golden howdah weighing 750 kg and hit the Dasara procession route, Arjuna had developed fatigue, slowed down and tried to sit before he was cajoled to finish his job. Before he started, he had created trouble trying to run amok when a helicopter showering flower petals on the golden howdah flied low.Cut to 2012: The tusker's performance belies his past and hold a promising career for the future. After edging out Balarama from the howdah duty, Arjuna, who was intemperate, has mellowed down which was showing when he trudged the 5-km Dasara procession route. Surrounded by commandoes armed with fire arms, he ambled the route briskly. But still the howdah sat firm on his back.Back then he was in his 30s when he was asked to carry 750 kg howdah. It could have been heavy for him. But now he has stamina and has grown mature, an official explained. Since his arrival in the city in September first week, he has put on 270 kg taking his weight to 5,790 kilos. There is also a marked improvement in Balarama's weight too. He has put on 450 kilos, vet D N Nagaraj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16935964", "title": "Elderly and religious community supports Himachal Lokhit Party", "text": "MANALI: While BJP and Congress are suffering rebellion in the state, Himachal Lokhit Party (HLP) is taking full advantage of this by reaching out to the rebels and convincing them to join hands to form a public-friendly government. Having ancestral relations with religious and cultural society in Himachal, HLP chief Maheshwar Singh is getting good support from elderly and the religious people.In addition to getting engaged in Dussehra festivity, Maheshwar Singh, scion of the erstwhile \"raja\" of Kullu, is targeting BJP and Congress dissidents. Maheshwar Singh is the chhadivardar (prime priest and caretaker) of Lord Raghunath (Rama), who hosts hundreds of deities of the state during weeklong Dussehra festivity in Kullu. Thousands of priests, kardars (caretakers) and religious people of Himachal have faith in Maheshwar Singh.\"Maheshwar Singh is a man of God and my family would definitely vote for him,\" said Kapil Sharma of Chansari village who believes that voting for other candidates would be a sin for his family.Mine Ram, resident of Lag valley said, \"He has no deceit in his heart. He knows how to care for the public. He left BJP for a good cause.\"With a slogan that BJP and Congress are \"corrupt and suffocating Himachal\", Maheshwar Singh is campaigning in villages which are suffering from rebellion. Virbhadra Singh and Kaul Singh Thakur may have been working together for welfare of the party, but their supporters seem to have been divided after resentment over allotment of party ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16935504", "title": "Storm brings down effigies before D-Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: It will take some serious shelling to slay the Dussehra demons today . While Tuesday's storm and rain weakened the newly hoisted rakshasa warriors - discolouring , disfiguring and even maiming them - they also made them proof against the fiery attacks of Rama and Lakshmana . Worried Ramlila organizers had to call in firepower reserves - dry grass and more crackers - to ensure that the Dussehra finale does not turn into a washout .\"We have increased the number of firecracker bombs used to burn the effigies from 6,000 to 10,000. Also, lots of dry grass is being stuffed into the giant structures so that they burn easily . There will be no problem at all ,\" said Arjun Kumar , president of the Luv-Kush Ramlila Committee near Red Fort .The storm brought down giant effigies of Ravana at many places on Tuesday . In some cases , embellishments , including crown , armour and dress , of the 80-90 feet tall 10-headed demon were lost.Kumar said Ravana's nose blew off during the dust storm , and his clothes made of cardboard , colorful paper and sacks got disfigured at some points . \"There are still 24 hours left for the final celebrations and we are confident that things will be in order by then ,\" he said .Ravi Jain , press secretary of Dharmik Lila Committee in Subhash Park , where the finale will be attended by the President and PM, among others , said one of the effigies had tilted in the dust storm . \"It's a minor problem . We will sort it out.\"In Subhash Nagar , west Delhi, also an effigy listed and cranes had to be called in to provide support . Rajiv Behel, head of the puja committee in Subhash Nagar , said the storm tore off the arms of the effigy .\"The bamboo scaffolding of the 90-foot structure also tilted completely and we had to provide it support . Despite that , it fell down and now we are waging a war to get it up for Wednesday's celebration ,\" he said .Similar problems were reported from scores of other committees planning grand Dussehra celebrations .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16941402", "title": "Intense cold wave grips Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: High altitude areas of Himachal Pradesh experienced snowfall as intense cold wave conditions prevailed parts of the state on Wednesday.Several areas in mid and higher hills were lashed by high velocity icy winds followed by intermittent showers.The Rohtang, Kunzam, Saach and Chansel passes, high altitude tribal areas of Lahaul and Spiti and Pangi and mountain peaks in Kullu, Mandi and Shimla districts experienced mild snowfall.Keylong recorded 2cm of snow while Rohtang and Kunzam passes had 10cm of snow.Shimla was lashed by high velocity icy wind followed by intermittent showers, causing a sharp fall in temperature which dipped to 6.5 degree Celsius while Keylong and Kalpa in tribal Lahual and Spiti and Kinnaur reeled under intense cold wave conditions with mercury dropping to minus 0.5 degree and 1.0 degree Celsius respectively.The lower areas of Kangra and Mandi district received moderate rains.Manali recorded minimum temperature at 5.0 degree while Sundernagar and Bhuntar recorded a low of 10.1 degree, followed by Nahan 11.7 degree, five degrees below normal.The sky remained cloudy and a strong wind swept the region, forcing people to stay indoors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16940410", "title": "Williams looking to get most out of their 'favourite' BIC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Having failed to muster any points from the Korean Grand Prix, Williams F1 team driver Pastor Maldonado says he will look to make most of the cars potential at the Buddh International Circuit, which is one of his favourite tracks.Maldonado along with Bruno Senna finished outside top ten at the last race but the duo is looking to make amends at the Indian Grand Prix (IGP), this weekend.\"India is enjoyable because it's so different and the track is one of my favourites. It's still a new track but it has a good combination of medium and high-speed corners, chicanes and good changes in direction,\" Maldonado said.\"Coming to the final few races, making the most of our cars potential is going to be important, so hopefully we can score points here and put ourselves in a strong position for the final three races,\" he added.Meanwhile, Senna who is currently standing at 16th spot in the drivers standing, just behind his teammate Maldonado, said he was eagerly awaiting the second edition of the IGP.\"I'm looking forward to this weekend because India has a different atmosphere to many other Grands Prix and it's always a unique place to visit.\"As a new track the surface is very smooth and the layout is fast and flows well with some high speed corners which will suit our car. We should therefore be looking to improve on our performance in Korea,\" Senna pointed out.Williams chief operations engineer Mark Gillan said that the team has worked hard for the coming weekend.\"On the back of a disappointing result in Korea the team have worked extremely hard to address the balance inconsistencies that affected both cars. We believe that we have found a solution and look forward to testing and optimising around the updated car,\" Gillan said.\"The weather forecast in Delhi is good with predicted dry running throughout the weekend in reasonably high track temperatures and, as ever, the aim is to keep both the Pirelli hard and soft tyres within their optimal working window throughout the weekend,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16926607", "title": "Bal Hanuman\u2019s unique bond with Maa Durga", "text": "The past one week was all about Navaratra and its revelry. As known to all, during Navaratra we invoke the energy aspect of God in the form of the universal mother or Ma Durga.The word 'Durga' in Sanskrit means a fort, or a place which is difficult to overrun. Bal Hanuman of Jai Jai Jai Bajrangbali also shares a unique bonding with his mother Mata Anjana. During the nine days of Navaratri, Bal Hanuman adores and worships Maa Durga with all devotion and love. After seeking Maa Durga's blessings when he sees his mother, he tells her that he can see all the nine forms of Maa Durga in her.The show narrates the story of Lord Hanuman from his birth to his meeting Shri Ram, the battle against Ravana and the rescue of Mata Sita , to his desire that he remains on earth as long as Rama's name is venerated by people. It highlights the purpose of Lord Hanuman's coming to the mortal world as the eleventh Rudravtar of Lord Shiva, the destroyer and transformer among the trinities.Watch Jai Jai Jai Bajrangbali on Sahara One, weekdays at 8.30 p.m", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16940120", "title": "Kylie Minogue thinking of retiring all the time", "text": "Kylie Minogue , who is celebrating 25 years in the music industry, has been thinking about when she might step away from the limelight.The 44-year-old singer isn't planning to call it quits yet, but does sometimes find herself daydreaming about a more relaxed time in the future.\"I think about retiring all the time! I picture my retirement and I'm in a big house and doing lots of cooking and ordinary things in tracksuit bottoms,\" News.com.au quoted her as telling British magazine Closer.\"My hair is in a topknot and there's not a false eyelash in sight. I look pretty terrible in the fantasy! I envision a big garden and dogs. Maybe even a family...,\" she said.The 'It's No Secret' hitmaker, who is dating 34-year-old model Andres Velencoso Segura, often considers having children with him.Minogue battled breast cancer in 2005 and it might have affected her fertility, so she tries to maintain a relaxed attitude to kids.\"I still think a family would be lovely. If it's not meant to be, then it's not meant to be,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16934859", "title": "Nomination process for world heritage sites begins", "text": "JAISALMER: With the UNESCO team likely to visit India in November, preparations to enlist the names of monuments to be nominated as world heritage sites for the year 2012-13 have begun. In this regard, a meeting of the state apex advisory committee was held in Jaipur under the chairmanship of chief secretary on Thursday.In the meeting, chief secretary CK Mathew directed Jaisalmer district collector Shuchi Tyagi to send a proposal to the state government for starting conservation work of the 857-year- old Sonar Fort, so that if not this year, the fort's can be nominated in the next one or two years. In this meeting, apart from Tyagi, district collectors of Udaipur, Ajmer, Jaipur, Chittorgarh and Sawai Madhopur along with ASI officers, Drona director Shikha Jain including state government's senior officers were present.Tyagi, after the meeting, said that the state government intends to nominate the Sonar Fort in next one or two years. She also said that a proposal will soon be sent to the government to remove the vegetable market adjoining the fort's wall. Along with, the municipal council has been directed to remove the four lavatories near the fort's wall. Similarly, it has been instructed to deploy municipal council employees and an employee of ASI at the fort's first gate, Akhe Pole, to prevent illegal construction around the monument. In the meeting, Rajasthan Urban Infrastructure Development Project (RUIDP) officers were directed to start the work of sewerage line at the earliest and discussions were held with ASI officers to speed up the conservation and repair works. The municipal council has been directed to pay special attention towards the cleanliness of the fort.District collector said discussion was also held on reducing commercial activities in the fort and taking action against hotels and restaurants being run illegally.Drona director Dr Shikha Jain, who was also present in the meeting, said that at present five forts from the state, namely, Kumbhalgarh, Amer, Gagron, Chittorgarh and Ranthambore have been nominated. But the final decision rests with the state government. Though Sonar Fort is ready as per world heritage standards, the possibility of nominating it will be discussed with UNESCO's world heritage advisory committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16934086", "title": "Five-year-old girl raped in Dehat", "text": "KANPUR: A five-year-old girl was allegedly abducted and raped at Musanagar in Kanpur Dehat on Tuesday by two local youths. The girl, who was found lying unconscious behind a Junior high school building in Bibiyapur village, was profusely bleeding. She has been admitted to the district hospital in a critical condition.Reports said that the victim, a student of KG, was playing on the campus of Bibiyapur Junior High school from where she went missing. The girl's family informed Musanagar SO Gyaneshwar Yadav who launched a search. The girl was later recovered lying unconscious behind the Bibiyapur Junior High school building.According to police, the child was immediately taken to the district hospital. \"The child is yet to regain consciousness and there are signs of sexual assault on her. A medical test would be conducted to confirm if she was raped,\" said a police official.He added: \"We have come to know about the involvement of two village youths, Shiv Singh alias Battibaz and Ram Singh, in the case and efforts are on to arrest them. The guilty would be soon brought to book.\" Two persons close to the accused have been detained for questioning, he added.Meanwhile, tension prevailed at Bibiyapur village following the incident.According to reports, the relatives and supporters of one of the accused reached the home of the victim and threatened the family members with dire consequences if an FIR was lodged against him.However, an FIR was lodged with the Musanagar police after intervention by senior police officials. Additional police personnel have been deployed at the village as a precautionary measure.The girl's parents and locals gheraoed the Musanagar police station and demanded that immediate action be taken against the perpetrators of crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16933637", "title": "Jaggi's ton lifts East Zone in Duleep Trophy final", "text": "CHENNAI: Ishank Jaggi struck a defiant 100 not out to lift East Zone but Central moved into a position of command in the Duleep Trophy final on the back of off-spinner Jalaj Saxena's second five-wicket haul in first-class cricket.East, the reigning champions, were restricted to 232 in the first innings on Tuesday after they lost three wickets before lunch after resuming the third day of the rain-affected five-day contest at 64/3. At the close, last year's runners-up Central were 12 without loss in reply.Jaggi, the 23-year-old Jharkhand batsman, was involved in two crucial partnerships. Resuming with his personal score on three runs, Jaggi put on 57 for the seventh wicket with state mate Shiv Gautam (34). The partnership was spread across a rain stoppage of two hours before a clutch of wickets fell after the second new ball was taken.Jaggi then scored 33 of the 42 runs he added for the last wicket with Alok Mangaraj, lashing boundaries off pacer Praveen Kumar and Ishwar Pandey before Jalaj, reintroduced into the attack, dismissed last man Mangaraj to finish with impressive figures of 5/62.In the morning session, Jalaj and left-arm spinner Murali Kartik spun a web around East with a tight spell. During the period, Jalaj, who took two wickets on Monday, bowled nightwatchman Iresh Saxena and induced Biplab Samantray to edge to slip. Kartik sent back the dangerous Saurabh Tiwary , caught behind for nought.Five catches were dropped on what was a poor day on the park for Central before Pandey dismissed Basant Mohanty and Ashok Dinda in the space of three deliveries. This was after Praveen broke the seventh-wicket stand when he had chancy Gautam caught behind.Jaggi, picked in the place of Manish Vardhan for the final, hit 12 fours in his 251-ball effort and had a reprieve on 94 when he was dropped by Bhuvneshwar Kumar at mid-off off Kartik.\"I am pleased to have got a five-wicket haul in a big match,\" Jalaj told reporters. \"We dropped catches but that was just a poor phase and not a reflection of our fielding quality,\" he added.Brief scores: Central Zone 12 for 0 trail East Zone 232 (Jaggi 100*, J Saxena 5-62) by 220 runs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933497", "title": "UP gun pusher held in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Munger in Bihar may have earned nationwide notoriety as a manufacturing hub of illicit arms but it is Meerut, closer home, which feeds much of the demand for guns in Delhi and its vicinity. The recent discovery of a gun factory in Meerut has revealed that illegal arms from this west UP town are lapped up by criminals in Delhi, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Punjab.The special cell's raid at the factory was prompted by the arrest of 55-year-old Om Singh, kingpin of the trade who has been making guns since 1980. DCP special cell, Sanjeev Yadav, said, \"The accused specialized in providing and preparing arms to order. He charged Rs 2,000 per pistol if the consignment was to be delivered in the capital or anywhere far from Meerut. However, for delivery of weapons in and around Meerut, he charged Rs 1,500.\"Police said scrap iron from Ghaziabad went into making the pistols. The business was run with many safeguards \u2014 guns were delivered either directly to known buyers or through references with exchange of codes. Om Singh alias Bir Singh, a father of nine, has told police he learnt gun making from his maternal uncle. He started out selling guns to criminals in Meerut and Hapur but his expertise later got him orders from faraway places. He was caught thrice, but resumed the business every time he was released.\"A team led by ACP Manishi Chandra raided Singh's hideout in Meerut. Numerous ready and semi-prepared firearms and tools were recovered,\" Yadav said. The police team on Singh's trail visited various districts of west UP before it could track his movements in Ghaziabad and Meerut. On October 19, the team apprehended him with two pistols in Anand Vihar. At his instance, a raid was conducted at his village Lalpur in Meerut and his illegal firearms factory was found.\"Police are further investigating and conducting raids to ascertain the involvement of more people in the racket. Several arrests are likely, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933539", "title": "Rain throws cold water on Dandiya revellers\u2019 plans", "text": "MUMBAI: On Tuesday, Mumbaikars' plans to enjoy the last day of Dandiya were marred by heavy rainfall.Though no rainfall was recorded by Colaba and Santa Cruz weather stations till 8.30pm, Andheri, Borivli, Mulund, Dadar and CST reported heavy showers. While the southwest monsoon officially ended on October 12 in Mumbai, the weathermen claimed that the rain witnessed on Tuesday was a \"post-monsoon shower\".\"It is normal to see some convective activity post-monsoon. These showers are only for Tuesday and may continue on Wednesday. But after that, we do not expect the city will receive more showers,\" said V K Rajeev, director (weather forecast) at India Meteorological Department, Mumbai.Meanwhile, Dandiya revellers in the western suburbs did not let the downpour dampen their spirits. Falguni Pathak's venue at Goregaon Sports Club was filled with 15,000 people. \"They are making the most of the midnight deadline and do not wish to waste a minute. It is such a sight to see them dancing in the rain,\" said Raj Suri, organizer of 3rd Rock.At Borivli's Kora Kendra, organizer Ganesh Naidu said the rain stopped by 9.45pm. \"Through the downpour we did not halt even for a minute. Garba dancers see rain as a blessing,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16935170", "title": "Home ministry turns down Kasab\u2019s mercy plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry has rejected 26/11 Mumbai attack convict Ajmal Kasab's plea to commute his death sentence to life and sent its recommendation to President Pranab Mukherjee for final disposal.The home ministry \"processed Kasab's mercy petition\" within three weeks of receiving the file from the Maharashtra government. This brings to an end the legal options before Kasab in appealing his death sentence that has been confirmed by the Supreme Court.It is almost four years since Kasab landed on the shores of Mumbai in a dinghy as part of a 10-man Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) squad \u2014 all Pakistani nationals \u2014 to unleash a reign of terror lasting three days that killed 166 people and left the iconic Taj hotel in flames.Kasab, a native of Okara in Pakistan , was the sole member of the Lashkar squad to be captured alive and proved to be invaluable in establishing the role of LeT chief Hafiz Saeed and members of the Pakistani military establishment in planning and executing the Mumbai attacks.Apart from witness accounts, CCTV footage of Kasab armed with AK-47 striding into Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) helped secure Kasab's conviction. An exclusive picture of Kasab with gun in hand was also captured by a TOI photographer, when the LeT man was at a foot over-bridge near CST.Perhaps aware that a delay in confirming Kasab's death sentence could only trigger a political controversy \u2014 as in the case of Parliament attack case convict Afzal Guru \u2014 the government did not take much time in processing the relevant file.The home ministry displayed similar alacrity earlier in dismissing the mercy plea of Kehar Singh, who was awarded a death sentence for the assassination of PM Indira Gandhi . Kehar Singh's file was processed and rejected within three months (October-December 1988).More typically, the home ministry can take years to process pleas of death row convicts. It took the government more than five years to process Guru's file. It finally rejected Guru's mercy plea and submitted the government's opinion to the President over a year ago. However, the case is still pending with the President's secretariat.Though 'technically' it is the President who takes a final call on a mercy petition under Article 72 of the Constitution, Rashtapati Bhawan never goes against the opinion offered by the government. The President can, at best, send the file back to the government for reconsideration. If the government does not alter its decision, the President accepts the opinion.The President can, however, sit on a mercy plea file as the Constitution does not lay down a timeframe. The constitutional provision has seen the waiting time of current death row convicts range from three to 20 years in the case of 11 petitions still pending with the President. Kasab's mercy petition is the 12th in line with Pranab. His predecessor Pratibha Patil had decided 18 cases \u2014 with majority of them being commuted. At present, only the file of Balwant Singh Rajoana \u2014 killer of former Punjab CM Beant Singh \u2014 is with the home ministry.The SC upheld death penalty for Kasab on August 29.Times ViewIt is good that the government has decided to fast track Kasab's mercy petition and not leave it waiting in a queue. We are as a rule not in favour of the death penalty, but feel an exception should be made for terrorism. If anybody deserves capital punishment, Kasab surely does. We hope the president will not take long to decide on the recommendati- ons of the home ministry. India clearly needs closure on this case. Equally importantly, any delay in hanging the man will leave open the possibility of hostages being taken to demand his release. It is better to prevent such a situation arising than to figure out how to deal with it if and when it does.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16943712", "title": "Students of textile chemistry at M S University get scholarships from Chennai-based company", "text": "VADODARA: Seven students of the department of textile chemistry of the M S University have been offered scholarships by a Chennai-based textile manufacturing company.The decision of offering scholarships to the students was made in a meeting held a few months back between head of the department D P Chattopadhyay and regional manager of Messers Harris and Menuk that has offered the scholarship, Hitendra Vayeda.It is for the first time in the history of the department that any company has offered scholarship to students on the basis of their results and financial conditions. Students from third year and second year diploma courses of the department were selected as candidates of the scholarship.A university release stated that the company is keen on offering scholarships in the future too to the distinguished students of the department. The number of students who will receive the scholarship and the amount of scholarship is also likely to increase in the coming years.The first cheque for the scholarship was recently handed over to the department by Vayeda. The department had organised a formal event to receive the cheque. MSU official on special duty (registrar) Amit Dholakia said that the scholarships would motivate the students in the future too as they would aim to excel to ensure that they are selected for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16935933", "title": "Money grows on apple trees for Virbhadra", "text": "SHIMLA: 'Golden' apples seem to be haunting former Himachal Pradesh chief minister Virbhadra Singh as he makes a bid to fight one last electoral battle to be the CM of the hill state for the sixth time.With senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley making public the veteran Congress leader's high agricultural income mainly from sale of apples -- allegedly disclosed in a revised income tax return filed in March 2012 -- orchard owners in the region are wondering about the golden harvest at Virbhadra's orchards which fetch such fancy returns.The affidavit filed by the former Union minister before the Election Commission during the 2009 Lok Sabha polls showed that he owned 15.42 hectare land at Damrali (7.67 hectares), Saharan (6.81 hectares) and Kanai (1 hectare).On October 17, while filing his nomination papers for the November 4 assembly elections from Shimla (rural) constituency, Virbhadra declared agriculture land holdings of 14.52 hectares valued at Rs 80 lakhs. Sources said while the Damrali land has fully grown apple trees, the Saharan plot was replanted a few years ago and apple trees here land are yet to bear full crop.Jaitley claimed that Virbhadra, in his I-T returns in 2008-09, 2009-10 and 2010-11 had shown the total income from his agriculture land as Rs 51.05 lakhs. However, Virbhadra revised the I-T returns in March 2012 and claimed that he made an agricultural income of around Rs 6.15 crores in three years (2008, 09 and 10), said Jaitley.On the BJP leader's disclosure, Arun Chauhan, an orchard owner from Kotkhai, says, \"If Virbhadra's orchards give him Rs 6.15 crores in three years, many of us would like to see the golden apples growing on these trees.\"\"For an annual income of Rs 2 crores, one should have a production of around 25,000 apple boxes,\" says Chauhan.Surprisingly, Virbhadra's agriculture land is valued at just Rs 80 lakhs as per his affidavit before the EC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933982", "title": "Produce case diary in 7/11 serial train blasts cases: High court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday ordered that the case diary in the Mumbai 7/11 serial train blasts cases be produced before it even as it reserved its verdict in applications filed by the 13 accused in the case who had sought their mobile phone call records.Advocate general Darius Khambata told the court that the ATS had deleted the copies of the call detail records as they were not relied on by the prosecution.Justice Abhay Thipsay questioned whether the police could destroy documents it had collected during investigations into a case.Khambata responded that there was no law which required the investigation officer to keep all documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16935724", "title": "CoP-11 green drive: Authorities should walk the talk", "text": "Given that the government rarely ever spends a penny on anything green, the beautification project for CoP-11 could have actually been a good opportunity to give its indifferent-to-green image a proper makeover. Not only did the city administration fail in doing a good job of beautification, it is now stripping the city of the little green hastily dumped on its roads and dividers. The authorities could do well in walking the talk. When they make statements at international conventions about conserving the environment, they should act accordingly.Related story:  CoP-11 green drive a short-lived joy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16935195", "title": "Neighbour saw a visitor at Bidushi Dash\u2019s door", "text": "MUMBAI: After model-actress Bidushi Dash Barde was declared dead in hospital, her husband Kedar Barde went to the D N Nagar police station. He told the cops that Bidushi was diabetic and often complained of feeling dizzy. He told the police that she must have fallen on the shelf, causing the injuries and loss of blood that led to her death. Based on Kedar's statement late on Monday, the police registered a case of accidental death.The society watchman told the police that a man had visited Bidushi's flat around 2.15pm. He said that he saw the visitor leave when Bidushi did not open the door. The visitor had scribbled his name in the register.\"A female resident of the building has told us that she clearly saw a visitor at Bidushi's door. Based on her statement and the nature of injuries sustained by Bidushi, we registered a case of murder on Tuesday,\" said additional commissioner Vishwas Nangre-Patil . Forensic experts have told the police that Bidushi might have died around noon. The police are in the process of collecting CCTV footage from the building management.Shantanu Dash, Bidushi's father, told TOI that he definitely suspected foul play in the case but was confident he would get justice. Shantanu is a warrant officer with the Indian Air Force and is based in Chennai. \"Initially I thought that my daughter had died accidentally . But now I'm certain she was murdered in cold blood. The police have been very supportive . Bidushi was very happy in Mumbai and was doing well in her career. She did not have fights with anyone here,\" Shantanu said.The Dash family said that Bidushi won the Ms Chennai contest in 2006 and was very happy with Kedar. The family belongs to Orissa. Shantanu added that he hadn't given a clean chit to the security guard as he hadn't bothered to take down the visitor's detailed address or phone number.Raju Sandhu, a committee member of the society where Bidushi stayed, said the couple kept to themselves and never interacted with anyone. \"They were not involved in society activities and were usually out on work. We don't know much about Bidushi,\" he said.The police are checking Bidushi's phone call records and text messages for leads. Robbery does not seem to be the motive as, prima facie, nothing was missing from the flat. As there were no signs of forced entry, it appears that the accused was known to the victim.The victimBidushi Dash Barde, 23, had won the Ms Chennai beauty pageant in 2006. She had acted in a few Tamil films. Currently, she was modelling in Mumbai. Bidushi fell in love with and married software engineer Kedar Barde three years ago. Kedar, 26, works with a firm at Nariman Point. The couple had moved into the ill-fated rented flat at Manish Nagar, Four Bungalows, Andheri West, 18 months ago. Bidushi's father, Shantanu Dash, serves as a warrant officer with the Indian Air Force.Injuries on her bodyGlass shards protruded from Bidushi's cheek, jaw, neck and chin There were fingernail marks on her face Head injuries were also seen A sharp weapon was used for the crime, but the exact cause of death is not yet ascertainedPolice look for cluesThe police are checking Bidushi's phone call records and text messages for leads Robbery does not seem to be the motive as, prima facie, nothing was missing from the flat As there were no signs of forced entry, it appears that the accused was known to the victim The police are in the process of recording statements of her family, neighbours and the building's security guardsA witnessA female resident of the building told the police that she clearly saw a visitor at Bidushi's door Based on her statement and the nature of injuries sustained by Bidushi, the police registered a case of murder on TuesdayWomen as targetsAugust 2012A watchman murdered Pallavi Purkayastha, a 25-year-old legal affairs manager with an entertainment company, for rebuking him a few days before the crime. Purkayastha, the daughter of Delhi-based senior bureaucrats, was found dead by her partner Avik Sengupta in a pool of blood with her throat slit. She had multiple injuries on her face, hands and eyes.The couple\u2014both law graduates\u2014stayed on the 16th floor of the 20-storey Himalayan Heights at Bhakti Park in Wadala. The Kashmiri watchman, Sajjad Ahmed Mughal, was arrested after he confessed to the murder. He said he wanted to take revenge for the humiliation. Mughal entered Pallavi Purkayastha's flat at 1.30am with stolen keys and rape on his mind. He saw her lying asleep and tried to force himself on her. When she resisted with all her strength, he slashed her throat with a knife.July 2012Suzanne Rodriques, 46, a resident of Marve View society on Marve Road, was found dead with burn injuries on her body at her residence. It was later found that she was actually stabbed to death. A murder case was registered against unknown persons by the Malwani police.October 2010A 28-year-old model, Priyanshi Chowdhury aka Rinky, was found dead in her flat at Goregaon. An autopsy conducted at the Cooper Hospital's post-mortem centre revealed that Priyanshi died due to \"constriction of neck due to ligature marks\" . But her mother, Kohinoor, filed a complaint against Priyanshi's boyfriend, Sahil Malik. Kohinoor told the police that Priyanshi had confided in her that she was being harassed by Sahil. The police's decision to arrest Sahil also stemmed from the fact that Priyanshi's post-mortem examination could not ascertain the cause of ligature marks on her neck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934262", "title": "Indian juniors look to Saina for inspiration", "text": "NAGPUR: The Indian U-19 squad which will compete in the BWF World Junior Badminton Championships to be held at Chiba, Japan, will look to Saina Nehwal for inspiration. Weakened somewhat by the absence of PV Sindhu and Sameer Verma, the Indian team has a task cut out for them in the tournament which will be played from October 25 to November 3.After a month-long camp at Lucknow, the Indian team reached Chiba on Tuesday via Tokyo . India will begin their campaign against Finland on Wednesday. One of the title favourites, Thailand are grouped with India along with Finland and Bulgaria in W2. The teams have been divided into eight groups - W1, W2, X1, X2, Y1, Y2, Z1 and Z2 - with top two teams from each group progressing to the quarterfinals.India should beat Finland and Bulgaria quite easily but may struggle in their third and last league tie against Thailand. If they top the group, India will run into defending champions Japan, who are expected to top Group W1. If India finish second, they may get easy opponents in the form of Philippines who are likely to come second from W2.The format is a little confusing but gives India a good chance to finish in the medal bracket. A win in the quarterfinal will ensure a spot in the semifinals and a bronze medal.So far, India have won just one bronze medal in the history of world junior championships, that too when the event was held at Pune in 2008. If Indian team plays to its potential, they can repeat Pune show in Chiba. Individual events will start after the team competition.\"It's true that India could not field their best team due to injury to Sindhu and Sameer. But the side still has some very good players who can carry the team into the semifinals. It will be great if this team manages to win second bronze medal for India. Competition is always tough at the world juniors and that is the reason we haven't been able to reach the final yet,\" Pullela Gopichand told TOI on Tuesday.The chief national coach, who did not go to Denmark with Saina, was present during the last four days of the camp at Lucknow and guided the youngsters.\"We have a pretty young side this year. Most of the players are still below 17 years. That means we will have a very strong team in the next two years as these players will mature and improve their game. Harsheel Dani, Pratul Joshi and Ruthvika Shivani should do well in the team events as well as in the open,\" said Gopichand.Playing world juniors for the first time, Mumbai's 16-year old Harsheel is eager to make a mark. \"Saina's Denmark Open triumph on Sunday has really charged up all of us. The morale of all the players is quite high after Gopi Sir's guidance in the camp. It was a unique experience to gain some vital tips from him. I hope to live up to his expectations,\" said the tall southpaw.Sameer and Gurusai were the only two Indians who had won bronze medals, while Mumbai's Tanvi Lad had reached the quarterfinals last year in Chinese Taipei .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16935247", "title": "Highway to Buddhist circuit gets Centre nod", "text": "BAHRAICH: A trip to international Buddhist site Shravasti is set to become more convenient now as the union ministry of tourism has shown the green flag to construction of a four-lane Buddha circuit road to Shravasti and Bahraich from Barabanki.This four lanes highway would attract tourists and tourism. The 120-km prominent route connecting the international border of Nepal and over six villages of the Terai was declared the Buddha circuit in 1996 and was constructed with an investment of Rs 76 crore by the Japanese government. This is the only straight route to the Buddha circuit from the state capital Lucknow which has become one of the worst routes in the last decade. When the monitoring team of Japan surveyed the route they saw the substandard quality of work and thereafter development and maintenance of the Buddha circuit was postponed.Recently, the union ministry of tourism accelerated the efforts to develop the Buddha circuit. In the first phase it was emphasised to develop convenient track leading to Buddha circuit in Shravasti. The construction of highway 28 C has been approved. In this Buddha circuit to be constructed with an investment of about Rs 300 crore, there would also be a parallel bridge built over Ghaghra River.National Highway Authority of India ( NHAI) has been selected as a road construction agency and the survey required has also been completed for the construction. The deputy director of the state tourism directorate Pradeep Singh said the day was not far when the four lanes would attract tourists to Shravasti and Bahraich.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933394", "title": "Rs 5.25cr heist: Accused had passed out seeing money", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Rs 5.25 crore Defence Colony heist was one of the most daring robberies in the city in which a guard accompanying the cash van was killed. Yet one of the accused fainted upon seeing the money when the loot was being shared. Police learnt about this bizarre incident while interrogating Ranjeet alias Rumal, who was arrested two days ago from Kolkata.All the robbers had assembled at the Khirki Extension house of Hari Kishan Sharma, the main accused in the case, for the sharing of the loot when Ranjeet fainted. The others had to administer first-aid to him to bring him to his senses.Ranjeet told cops that he felt the least important in the gang as he was not a professional, and therefore, was often bullied. His share of Rs 65 lakh in the loot was the smallest; but he thought it was \"too much\" for him as he didn't expect to get anything more than Rs 10-15 lakh.\"Ranjeet's rented accommodation in Diamond Harbour was raided on a tip-off and around Rs 49 lakh and jewellery worth Rs 10 lakh was seized. The total amount thus recovered now stands at Rs 4 crore,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma, adding that search is on for Yogesh, who has around Rs 1 crore of the loot with him.Ranjeet was a pickpocket, who joined Sharma's gang in late 2000. But he was also a police informer. Sources said he took part in the plot as he wanted to settle down peacefully with his lover, who had been living with him for many years.Addl DCP (south) P S Kushwah said, \"Ranjeet wanted to start a business in Kolkata and had given Rs 1 lakh to a property dealer to arrange for an outlet. He bought one for Rs 7.55 lakh and spent another Rs 50,000 in registering the property in his name. We have seized the documents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16944099", "title": "Kimberley Process Certification Scheme advocates online chat on conflict diamonds", "text": "SURAT: Kimberley Process Certification Scheme (KPCS) chaired by Gillian Milovanovic from the USA will start a live online discussion, for the first time, with industry stakeholders and general public on conflict diamonds and reforms in KP on October 25.The KPCS has sent invitation to the industry stakeholders across the world and the general public on social media and US state government website http://conx.state.gov/digital-diplomacy, and www.ustream.tv/conx to join live chat with KPCS chair Milovanovic. She will answer questions on conflict diamonds and the international system for managing trade in rough diamonds to exclude those who fund conflict.At the 35th World Diamond Congress (WDC) in Mumbai last week, Milovanovic had called upon the global diamond industry to rise up to a new challenge and sought evolution of the KP in order to restore the consumer confidence in diamond products.Milovanovic stated \"Within the KP - and that includes all of you in the industry - we need to discuss and adopt a new definition of 'conflict diamonds', one that will encompass agreed situations of conflict in which diamonds are directly involved. KP certificates must continue to ensure that the rough diamonds are free from conflict; certification should not address human rights, financial transparency, and economic development , which are better advanced through the exchange of best practices.\"Milovanovic said the additional certification standards beyond the current definition should apply only to armed conflict and violence that is demonstrably related to rough diamonds and independently verified. It should not apply to isolated, individual incidents, or to circumstances or situations in which an armed conflict exists unrelated to the diamond sector.According to Milovanovic, KP countries are catching an increased number of false certificates, and we have ensured that they are sent immediately to World Customs Organization and are uploaded to a central location on the KP website so customs officials worldwide have access to them.\"Change in the conflict diamond definition should not hurt the sentiments of Zimbabwe and other African countries. Being the founder members of KP, India and its industry stakeholders will wholeheartedly support new reforms,\" said a senior office-bearer of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16934981", "title": "After flak, US axes full-body scanners from major airports", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US is replacing full-body scanners deployed at some major airports that have been criticized for triggering potential health risks and privacy violations with a new type of machine that is faster and not too intrusive. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) operates more than 700 body scanners at about 180 airports across the country.TSA officials say the millimeter wave machines are being moved into high-traffic airports like Los Angeles International because they can screen each passenger in about 10 seconds. The backscatter scanner can take up to a minute. The machines were introduced at American airports after a Nigerian national tried to blow up a US airliner near Detroit with explosives hidden in his underwear on December 25, 2009.About half of those scanners employ \"backscatter\" technology that uses low-level X-rays to create what resembles a nude image of passengers to detect weapons. The faster scanners use low-level radio waves, or millimetre waves, and instead use a generic avatar figure to show hidden objects, the Los Angeles Times reported.The backscatter machines have been criticized by academics and privacy advocates who say the radiation they emit poses a health risk and the images they create violate the privacy of passengers.Torrance-based Rapiscan Systems Inc., the makers of the backscatter machines, declined to comment, the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16944065", "title": "'Khambhat agate workers living in bitter conditions'", "text": "VADODARA: A first of its kind survey done by People's Training and Research Centre (PTRC) - an NGO -among the agate workers of Khambhat has thrown up some shocking facts, which adds to the troubles of policy makers who haven't even found a solution to early deaths due to silicosis among these workers.Silicosis is an occupational lung disease caused by inhalation of mineral dust.The survey conducted among 4,570 workers has revealed that there are large number of child labourers engaged in the trade and many of them are addicted to tobacco. Further, factory laws or Shops and Establishment Acts are not applied in several cases even though 40.43% workers work in employers' houses while 58.84% work in their own homes.Most of them do not have Identity or BPL cards which could make them eligible for state-funded schemes or grants.At a seminar held recently at Khambhat, several NGOs got together to discuss the survey's findings and find ways to tackle the problems. They also noted with concern the survey's findings that indebtedness and resultant bondage of workers was posing a major economic and social crisis, particularly after 85% of those surveyed revealed that they earned less than Rs 2,000 per month.\" 73.31% respondents, including ghasiyas who are at highest risk of contracting fatal silicosis due to the exposure to silica dust, earn Rs 50 or less per day,\" said Dhiru Mistry, a member of the PTRC.Notably, the NGO has worked extensively to focus the state's attention towards early deaths of agate workers whose average age remains around 40 years.Director PRTC, Jagdish Patel said, \"The report will be distributed among policy makers, government institutions, voluntary organizations, other stake holders, academics and social activists for them to take necessary action on their part.\"The study also revealed that 61.47% (2810) respondents claimed they were in BPL category, but only 2379 had BPL cards, however, 4012 respondents had voter cards. Nearly 90% of them were in no position of immediate rehabilitation by shifting to other trades, since they did not have any other skills to earn their living. Only 10.87% respondents were found to have other skills.Child labour has significant existence in this industry. In this study over 10% of the respondents are of the age 6-18, highest -423- in 15-18 age group and 56 in 11-14 age group. 58% are female children and 42% male. Out of total female child workers, 38.46% work for part time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16935499", "title": "They wear hats of teacher, student with aplomb at Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Here's a bunch of students who like to give practical shape to their theoretical class.Out to make a difference, 10 MA students of Panjab University Centre for Emerging Areas of Social Sciences don the robe of teachers in the evening. And it is a noble cause that makes them wear two hats. They hold a special class in the corridors of the centre - a class that comprises children of construction labourers who work on the campus.So, what made them take up the initiative? \"We often saw these children loitering around in the evenings. One day, we decided to better their lives. And the next day, we motivated their parents to send them to our class to learn. We make it a point to hold the class after our classes get over,\" says Amol Kaur, an MA student.They spare no efforts to keep their initiative \u2014 \"Aao Padho, Aage Badho\" \u2014 going.\"We have been taking the class since two months. Usually, children come on their own to attend it. But when on rare occasions they don't, we go to each of them to ensure their presence in the class,\" says Aditya Kaushik. \"We educate them on health and hygiene too, as most of their families are unaware about it. We also teach them meditation,\" says Anamika Rana.Besides studies, children take part in an array of activities. The PU students also reward them for their achievements.Amol, Aditya, Pranshu Kaushik, Anamika, Cheena Taneja, Jince George, Priyanka Pahwa, Himani Negi and Payal Bhatia take the class on rotational basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16941143", "title": "Demon king Ravana worshipped by devotees in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Devotees in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, worshipped mythological demon king Ravana on the occasion of the Hindu festival Dussehra on Wednesday.The devotees believe that Ravana was an intellectual man of his times and deserved to be worshipped at the rare temple that exists in his honour in the city. Dussehra marks the triumph of good over evil.Temple priest Rama Shanker Dwivedi said the doors of the Dashanan Temple in the town are opened once in a year on the day of Dussehra.He said that an idol of Ravana is bathed with holy water and milk, and after purification, an aarti is performed.He said that in the evening the doors of the temple are closed for a year and are opened on next Dussehra.Dussehra is regarded as the day when Hindu Lord Ram defeated Ravana and rescued his abducted wife, Sita.As per the tradition, the effigy of the demon king Ravana is vilified and burnt in most parts of the country.Apart from Ravana, the gigantic effigies of his brother Kumbhakarna and son Meghnath are also burnt every year on the occasion of Dussehra.Dussehra also symbolizes the triumph of the Goddess Durga over the buffalo demon Mahishasura.A devotee, Devender Singh said they will light the earthen lamps and will perform religious rituals to celebrate the festival.\"We perform religious ritual and the doors of temple are opened for one day. When the effigy of the Ravana will be brunt then the doors will be closed. We celebrate the festival of Dussehra with religious fervour. The devotees will light the earthen lamps and will perform religious rituals,\" said Singh.The nine-day festival of Navaratra culminates with Dusshera, which falls on the tenth day.During popular autumn festival of Navratra, nine forms of Devi (divine mother) are worshipped and it represents celebration of Goddess Durga. It involves fasting, dances, prayers, worship and is a period of introspection and purification.The Hindu trinity of Brahma, Shiva and Vishnu created Goddess Durga, the most powerful of all gods and goddesses to vanquish the demons, hence the term 'Durga Puja' which means worshipping the Goddess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16935675", "title": "Foreign students find cultural connect at fest", "text": "LUDHIANA: The inter college youth festival under way at the Punjab Agriculture University (PAU) has been a unique experience for the foreign students, who have been enraptured by the extravagance of Punjabi culture.Refat Olway, 30, a PhD student in the entomology department, is a resident of Egypt. Keen on understanding various cultures, Olway said he was astounded with the liveliness of Punjabi dances.For Mansour, 30, an MSc-food technology student from Sudan, the group dances were most enjoyable, though he did not understand the language and swayed to the rhythm.\"Bhangra was my favorite. Even I can do Bhangra,\" said Mansour, who, like Olway, is in his first year of the course and has already made many friends.\"One of the girls participating in the dance competition is my friend. I really like Punjabi people; they have been very helpful,\" he said. A fan of the traditional Punjabi attire \u2014 the colorful \"kurtis\" of women and \"kurta pyjamas\" of men \u2014 Mansour said he wants to attend a traditional Punjabi wedding.The festival also proved to be a welcome break for the two as they have been busy with the jam-packed curriculum of their respective departments. \"I have been planning to visit the Golden Temple for long, but haven't got the time so far. This festival has provided us a much-needed break,\" said Olway, who is an assistant professor back home.The Sudanese said such festivals celebrating the culture of the native land are popular back home too and he would have loved to perform in the inter-college fest. \"I couldn't participate this year because of the hectic schedule, but I won't miss the opportunity next year,\" said Mansour, who likes Indian cinema and Ajay Devgn and had recently watched the Punjabi movie 'Carry on Jatta'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16935547", "title": "IT employees come forward to curb crime against women", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a motive of curbing eve-teasing, molestation and crime against women in the city, the Chandigarh police officials organized an interaction with employees of a private firm at IT Park in Manimajra on Tuesday.The police officials were left aghast when a participating girl narrated her experience of facing harassment from a traffic police cop at light point between IT Park and railway light point around a month ago.SSP Naunihal Singh asked DSP (east) Vijay Kumar to look into the matter. During the one-and-half-hour long session, police officials advised the women to inform PCR whenever they face harassment or eve-teasing.SSP Naunihal Singh suggested they may use technology to their safety by clicking pictures of the miscreant or their vehicles whenever they are targeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16934018", "title": "Have full faith in CBI: Ex-Army chief V K Singh", "text": "GURGAON: Former army chief V K Singh said on Tuesday that he has full faith in the working of the CBI which is probing his allegations of a Rs 14 crore bribe offer made to him to clear the purchase of 600 all-terrain trucks.After addressing a gathering at Ghamroj village near Sohna, Singh said that though there have been allegations of bias in the working of the Central Bureau of Investigation , the agency was doing its job in his case.He paid tributes to two martyrs of the 1971 India-Pakistan war - Mamraj and Ramkumar of Ghamroj village.The former army chief said a country, which does not respect its soldiers, cannot make progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16933817", "title": "Maruti starts tree plantation drive", "text": "GURGAON: Car maker Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) began its tree plantation drive 'Green Aravali' in Pachgaon village near Manesar on Sunday. Over 500 saplings were planted at the two-acre patch, especially allocated by the village community for this purpose.\"To ensure the survival of these saplings Maruti Suzuki will look after these plants for the next 2-3 years. Tree guards will be put at each sapling to help protect it against weather and stray animals,\" said an MSIL representative. The saplings planted here have been chosen from a wide variety of flora, including neem, banyan, tamarind and bael. \"We thank the Panchgaon village community, who kindly allocated land for this plantation drive,\" said M M Singh, chief operating officer, MSIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934854", "title": "Meet proposed for mine workers\u2019 safety", "text": "JAIPUR: In a move that may ultimately give a huge respite to lakhs of mine workers in the state, chief secretary CK Mathew has recently sent a letter to the state labour department proposing an inter-departmental meeting along with representation from certain ministries.The letter, a copy of which is with the TOI, has proposed a meeting between representatives of the Pollution Control Board, Director General of Mines Safety (DGMS), Union ministry for labour as well as state government's department of labour, environment and finance.Mathew's intervention follows a proposal by the Mine Labour Protection Campaign (MLPC) seeking his intervention for better co-ordination between these departments for the welfare of mine workers.\"The mining sector in the state is in a threshold. While the mines, its safety, its operation all are state subjects, the labourers working in them is a central subject. As a result, no effort is made to ensure the betterment of the lives of these workers. At a time when it is being proven beyond doubt that mine workers in the state are in the grip of diseases like silicosis and asbestosis, there is no provision for compensating them,\" says Rana Sengupta of the MLPC.According to Sengupta, as per law, mine workers can be compensated for any occupational disease that he suffers while working under the Workmen Compensation Act or through the Employees' State Insurance (ESI) scheme.\"But for claims under the Employees Compensation Act, one has to prove his employment which is not possible for a mine worker here as they are never given any identity to prove their employment. Added to that, in Rajasthan, the mine workers are also not covered under the ESI. That is why chief minister Ashok Gehlot had to give compensation from the chief minister's relief fund to 21 silicosis victims from Jodhpur recently. It is to overcome such difficulties that such a meeting was proposed,\" he said.The ratio of labour inspector to mine workers in the state is also on a significant high of 1:2 lakh, making it impossible for them to monitor instances of violation of labour laws.\"The labour inspectors do not even know how many mines are operating in them. This apart, there is no coordination between the mines and geology department and the DGMS to ensure safety of mines,\" Sengupta said.The meeting would look into possibilities of constituting a committee consisting of representatives from departments of mining, DGMS, regional labour commissioner, ministry of labour and National Institute of Miner's Health for better coordination. Possibilities of medical rehabilitation and financial relief for asbestosis victims identified in the state by the National Institute of Occupation Heal (NIOH) has also been sought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16934834", "title": "Break the nexus and rethink on contractor-driven schemes", "text": "Time and again schemes have been created to help the poor and underprivileged, but the money doesn't reach them. The Basic Services for the Urban Poor scheme seems to be another example. Despite layers of checks \u2014appointment of a nodal agency, technical appraisal committee, project evaluation committee and an Independent Review and Monitoring Authority\u2014the politician-bureaucrat-contractor nexus is once again accused of graft. The time has come to take strict action against corruption at the local level and do a rethink on contractor-driven schemes. If money is disbursed directly to the intended recipient, it could help stymie the corrupt.Related story:  Prithviraj Chavan steers clear of giving out flats to poor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16935842", "title": "Hindus and Sikhs in Pakistan enjoy freedom: Pakistan Sikh Council", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan Sikh Council has rubbished claims of persecution made by some Pakistani Hindus and Sikhs who recently arrived in India.Chairman of the council Ramesh Singh, who is currently in India, said on Tuesday that Hindus and Sikhs enjoyed full religious and political freedom in Pakistan, and \"those who make such remarks either have vested interests of settling in India with their relatives or are bank defaulters who were wanting to flee Pakistan fearing action\".In the recent past, a large number of Pakistani Hindus had crossed border to India to settle down here. They had claimed that their men were being abducted for ransom and their daughters forcibly converted to Islam. However, Ramesh Singh said there were only three instances where girls had willingly embraced the religion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16935285", "title": "Bhai Jiuntia celebrated in Sambalpur", "text": "SAMBALPUR: 'Bhai Jiuntia', the celebration of the bond between brothers and sisters , was observed here on Tuesday.Women of all ages wished for their brothers' long life and prosperity by touching their forehead with a bunch of 'duba' grass and a morsel of rice. The festival also presented married women with a happy opportunity to visit their father's place.The festival is observed every year on Durgastami. Women keep a fast through out the day. They offer special puja before Goddess Durga and prepare a bunch of grass (108 strands) and a morsel of rice on Monday. They break their fast only after the ritual.\"Brothers and sisters also exchange new clothes on the occasion. She also puts a Jiuntia (thread) on her hand, hence the name Bhai (brother) Jiuntia,\" said Dilip Padhi, a local man.\"By preparing a bunch of 108 strands of duba grass, they pray for a 108-year-long life for their brothers,\" said Sadananda Panda, a scholar from Sambalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16940469", "title": "Vijayan overwhelmed at sharing stage with Maradona", "text": "KANNUR: Former Indian football captain I M Vijayan is overwhelmed at sharing the stage with legendary Diego Maradona here and considers it an experience of a life time.\"I will not forget the moment and will cherish it forever. I had seen him earlier, but this time I not only saw him, but he shook hands with me and fondly hugged me,\" Vijayan said on his brush with the legendary Argentine at a function here today.Vijayan, one of India's football greats, told PTI that he had seen Maradona earlier at the 2002 FIFA World Cup final in Yokohama, Japan. \"But that was not from close,\" he said.Maradona, who had led Argentina to World Cup triumph in 1986, and Vijayan exchanged a few passes and headers as the former took the centre stage on his brief appearance before the football-crazy Kerala fans.\"Most of us have grown up watching Maradona's exploits on television. He was my hero during my playing days and also today,\" Vijayan said.Besides Vijayan, former international players including Joe Paul Anchery, Sharaf Ali and K V Dhanesh, were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16935276", "title": "Kalibari provides taste of Bengali Durga Puja", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The Bengalis in Sambalpur have stayed rooted to their tradition and rituals for almost a century. And the assault of 21st century has not deviated them from their way of celebrating Durga Puja that was started by their forefather with the building of the 'Kalibari' here in 1918.The 94-year-old 'Kalibari' has become the epicentre for the Bengalis in the town and every member of the community gathers at the place to worship Maa Durga during the almost week-long festivities. \"We are thankful to our forefather who purchased the land and established 'Kalibari' in 1918. Though we conform to our own tradition and culture in performing the puja, we welcome people of other communities to join in our celebrations every year,\" the secretary of the Kalibari trust committee, Bimal Chandra Kar, said.\"We do not remember when Durga Puja began to be celebrated by Bengalis in Sambalpur, but the puja is being celebrated uninterruptedly since the building of 'Kalibari' in 1918,\" Kar added.Durga Puja has been quite a popular festival all over the town and people here celebrate the occasion in their own way. There are as many as 100 Durga Pujas being performed this year. A few of the puja committees have, in fact, built permanent structures to conduct puja throughout the year. Organizers in Golebazar, Badbazar and Pirbaba Chowk have constructed Durga temples for the purpose.Committees in Govindtola, Dhanupali, Fatak, Ainthapali, Dukupara, Dhuturapara, Laxmi Talkies and Zilla School chowks, in their bid to attract more visitors this time, have hosted pujas with huge budgets this year.'Kalibari', however, has a special attraction among the pandal-hoppers, as it provides a taste of Bengali tradition and rituals in the performing of the puja. People from other communities, including the Odia localites, come to take part in the Durga Puja at 'Kalibari'.\"Even a few Bengali families from Kolkata come every year and join in our puja as they feel that we have been able to keep alive our age-old tradition in performing puja,\" a senior member of the organizing committee, Shibasis Sarkar, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16933250", "title": "Junior shuttlers look to Saina Nehwal for inspiration", "text": "NAGPUR: The Indian U-19 squad, which will compete in the BWF World Junior Badminton Championships to be held at Chiba, Japan, will look to Saina Nehwal for the much-needed inspiration.Weakened somewhat by the absence of PV Sindhu and Sameer Verma, the Indian team has its task cut out in the tournament which will be held from October 25 to November 3.After a month-long camp in Lucknow, the Indian team left for Japan on Monday night. India will begin their campaign against Finland on Wednesday. One of the title favourites Thailand and Finland are the other teams in India's group, titled W2.The participating teams have been divided into eight groups (W1, W2, X1, X2, Y1,Y2, Z1 and Z2). Top two teams from each group will progress to quarterfinals.India should beat Finland and Bulgaria quite easily but may struggle in their third and last league tie against Thailand. If India top their group they will run into defending champions Japan, who are expected to top their group, W1. If India finish second, they may get easy opponents in the form of Philippines , who are likely to come second from W2.So far, India have won just one bronze in the history of world junior championships that too when the event was held in Pune in 2008. If the Indian team play to their potential, they can repeat Pune show in Chiba. Individual events will start after the team competition.\"It's true that India could not field their best team due to injury to Sindhu and Sameer. But having said that, the side still has some very good players who can carry the team to semis. It will be great effort if this team manages to win second bronze medal for India. Competition is always tough at the world juniors and that is the reason we haven't able to reach final yet,\" Pullela Gopichand told TOI on Tuesday.The chief national coach, who did not travel to Denmark with Saina, was personally present during the last four days of the camp in Lucknow and guided the youngsters.\"We have a pretty young side this year. Most of the players are still Under-17 in age. That means we will have a very strong team in the next two years as these players will mature and improve their game. Harsheel Dani, Pratul Joshi and Ruthvika Shivani should do well in the team events as well in the individuals,\" said Gopichand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16938785", "title": "Awareness programme on cleft lip and palate organized", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The cleft lIP &amp; palate awareness program was organized on Monday in PGI by the Lip &amp; Palate team consisting of departments of Plastic Surgery, ENT and Oral Health Sciences.The program was attended by more than 75 cleft lip and palate patients of different age groups along with their parents. The program started with the documentary \"Smile Pinky\".Prof. Ashima Goyal highlighted the role of team care and emphasize the need of various specialists involved in the complete rehabilitation of such patients.Prof.R.K. Sharma, head, department of plastic surgery, outlined the various surgical procedures and their timing for optimum results.Prof. Ashok Gupta of ENT and Anuradha Sharma, Speech &amp; Language Pathologist emphasized the need of ENT care to prevent associated deafness and ways and means of improving speech through regular speech and training sessions.Prof. K. Gauba, head of pediatric dentistry, gave a detailed account of preventing decay and gums diseases in children with cleft. He also explained that why these children were more prone to dental decay and recommended the use of good oral hygiene practices as well as control of sugar exposures to prevent dental decay.Dr. S.P.Singh and Dr. Vidya Rattan demonstrated the need for orthodontic treatment and jaw surgeries in these cases to achieve final changes in the jaws and teeth with modern appliances and newer surgical techniques.A total of 8 patients having cleft lip &amp; Palate problem were felicitated as Star Achievers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933642", "title": "Was College of Engineering, Pune flyover okayed in a hurry?", "text": "PUNE: The proposed two-tier flyover near the College of Engineering, Pune (CoEP) has landed in controversy with traffic experts questioning the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) intent and demanding withdrawal of the proposal.The project papers and documents of the Rs 68-crore flyover reveal that the civic standing committee has approved the project without fulfilling the mandatory conditions, the experts said.Experts have alleged that basic checks were not carried out at any of the four stages of scrutiny or approval in the PMC. Besides, at every stage, very obvious errors in the consultant's report were overlooked. However, the PMC officials kept mum when asked about the project.The standing committee approved the proposal on December 30, 2011. The estimated cost was about Rs 50 crore but the lowest tender turned out to be about Rs 68 crore, ie, 36% more With escalating costs, the value of the tender is certain to rise beyond Rs 75 crore, experts said.\"The consultant's report shows simple totalling errors of the counts taken at different times and of different types of vehicles. These are basic vehicle counts for justifying a flyover. As per the Indian Roads Congress Warrant 92-1985, an interchange (flyover) may be justified when an 'at-grade' intersection fails to handle the volume of traffic, resulting in serious congestion and frequent choking of the intersection.This situation may arise when the total traffic of all arms of the intersection is in excess of 10,000 passenger car equivalents (PCU) per hour,\" said one of the senior experts who has studied the proposal and has asked the PMC to rethink over the flyover.\"It was imperative that the PCU are in excess of 10,000 to justify a flyover. It appears that the consultants had ignored the totalling errors to justify the flyover. Moreover, the consultants had devised a unique traffic survey against industry norms of counting the vehicles to increase the vehicle count,\" the expert added.The Indian Roads Congress Warrant 92-1985 has imposed a caveat of a cost-benefit study. The warrant says, \"As interchanges are custom built to suit the prevailing conditions, it will be necessary to carry out cost-benefit study, taking into account the total transportation costs, ie, the cost of construction, maintenance and vehicle operation, to evaluate the techno-economic merits of the individual cases before a final decision is taken.\"However, no elected representative has asked for a cost-benefit study although the cost is the highest so far for a flyover in the city.On page 4-26 in the consultant's report, both peak hour and daily traffic at CoEP junction do not show a single private bus, mini bus, cycle, or light commercial vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16935505", "title": "New age Ravana wired up to meet fiery end at finale", "text": "In the end , Ravana always goes out like an oil depot on fire - bam , bam , bam - without a show of suffering. But this time , the demon's end will be markedly more human , and satisfying, with cries , shrieks and a frame writhing in the agony of death . Some of the bigger Ramlilas in town have managed to turn the traditional 'effigy' of the last few thousand years into a robot fit for the 21st century using electronics and some mechanical engineering .\"As soon as the arrow hits Ravana's stomach , flames will burst out of his mouth , his eyes will spin and drip tears of milk . Both ears will also move ,\" says Arjun Kumar , president of the Luv-Kush Ramlila Committee , adding , \"The sword in his hand will also move with the arm and the gemstones around his neck will change colour . All these effects will be accompanied with a loud screaming .\" To produce the special effects, the 120-foot effigy has been wired up to a computer and an audio player while ball bearings have been used in the construction for the first time . Some gizmos have also been used in the effigies of Kumbhkarna and Meghnad that stand 100 and 80 feet tall .Kumar said around 10,000 crackers will have to be fitted in the effigy to make it burn completely . Former President Pratibha Patil and human resources development minister Kapil Sibal are likely to attend the Luv-Kush Ramlila Committee's celebrations .Ravi Jain , press secretary of the Shri Dharmik Lila Committee that organizes a Ramlila opposite Red Fort grounds said President Pranab Mukherjee , PM Manmohan Singh and UPA chief Sonia Gandhi are likely to attend their celebrations .Satyadev Goyal , president of Shri Ramlila Committee , Punjabi Bagh said the burning of effigies in their area will be preceded by a procession in which actors playing Rama , Ravana and Sita will participate . Ten music bands , horses and elephants will accompany them .\"When the procession reaches the main ground around 4pm, there will be a Rama-R avana battle . After that , we will burn the effigies . Lord Rama will aim his arrow at Ravana , and when he pulls the bowstring , a button will switch on . Ravana will burn on being hit by the electric arrow ,\" he said .Preparations across the city were hit by rain and strong winds on Tuesday . Some of the effigies required serious repairs . But the organizers claimed everything will be in order on Wednesday .At IP Extension , the organizers have selected conspicuous consumption as the fourth demon by voting . \"From FDI in retail , corruption , showing off and electricity bills, most respondents (32%) picked showing off as a new age Ravana ,\" said an organizer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16934351", "title": "80-ft Ravana effigy to symbolise various scams", "text": "LUCKNOW: Demon king Ravan is all set don special attire this Dussehra. Taking a cue from the everyday scams rocking the country, effigy-makers have decided to drape Ravan at Aishbagh Ramlila ground with pictures of central government's decision to put cap on number of LPG cylinders available at subsidised rates. The 80-feet tall effigy of Ravan will also have pictures of petrol price hike, Commonwealth Games, and Coalgate scams among other. \"Things are getting far beyond the reach of a common man. Be it corruption or inflation, it has become intolerable for us to bear. Since Dussehra signifies victory of good over evil, we decided to have a theme that truly showcases the present scenario of our nation,\" said Aditya Dwivedi, convenor, Aishbagh Ramlila Samiti.Interestingly, the tallest Ravan of the city is designed by a group of students belonging to Lucknow College of Arts and Craft. The innovate craftsmen have also drawn sketches of handicap people to illustrate the embezzlement of funds meant for disabled people by the Dr Zakir Hussain Trust run by Union law minister Salman Khurshid. Samiti members also said that the middle face of the 10-faced effigy will bear a look of a politician, the name of whom is not yet disclosed. \"We have also painted pictures of clutches and hockey sticks to deliver our message,\" said a student involved with the work.Apart from this Ravan, there are two more effigies that will be burnt here. There is another 60-feet tall Ravan 55-feet tall Meghnath. To make their Ramlila attractive, the samiti has made use of folk music instruments like Mridang, Hurak Baja and Sikara. Organisers claim that in the Ramlila, people will get to see a 300-year old chariot that Lord Ram used.At Mausamganj Ramlila and Natya Samiti, Daliganj, the Ravan is 40-feet tall. Here the special attraction is that when effigy of Ravan will be put on flames amid an array of fireworks, his head will directly fall into Gomti river. The Ravan dahan will take place at Ramiya Baba ghat just near the banks of river Gomti. Ramlila will have stories which are not very popular. \"When I visited Sakhi Hanuman temple in Jhansi, I learned that Ram and Sita saw each other for the first time. This was possible only because of the efforts of Lord Hanuman. This time, we would also play this act,\" said Tej Kumar Gupta, director of the committee.Another prominent place where Ravan dahan will take place is Mahanagar. While, Ravan here is 40-feet-tall, Meghnath is 35-feet. Cultural secretary, Mahanagar Ramlila Samiti, Mahendra Pant said, \"During Ramlila, we will show how King Dashrath while on his death bed recalls the curse given by Shravan Kumar's parents. On the other side, the story behind giving the curse would be played.\"For those who live a little away from the main city, Dussehra festivities will take place at Ramlila Park, Hind Nagar, Kanpur Road. Here, Ravan will be 40 feet, while his son Meghnath will be 35 feet. Senior official, Ramlila and Dussehra Committee, RN Shukla said, \"The fire crackers during Ravan dahan will surely enthral the audience.' Here, the Shobha Yatra, which will take place at 3.30 pm on Wednesday, would showcase the tableaux citing various stories.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939266", "title": "Kollywood wishes all a happy Dussehra!", "text": "Kollywood celebs took to twitter to wish their followers and fans a very happy DuessehraPrabhudeva ?- @PDdancing: Happy Dusshera and Vijayadasami dear frnds..Lets celebrate this auspicious day and begin new things in lifeRadikaa Sarathkumar ?- @realradikaa: Happy dussera to all.let all new beginnings be successfulAishwaryaa.r.dhanush - ?@ash_r_dhanush: May this vijayadhasami bring all success,peace n prosperity to u.started my day dancing @ my guru n mentor's place :-)Venkat prabhu ?- @dirvenkatprabhu: Vijayadhasami vaazhthukal nanbargaley!! Anbargaley!!!Taapsee ?@taapsee: Good morning twitpals! A very happy dussera to u all! May d goodness prevail!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16935459", "title": "Ugandan molested, friend attacked", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The City Beautiful again showed its ugly side when two Ugandans, including a 23-year-old woman, were chased, abused and attacked in Sector 40 around 2.30am on Tuesday. Hamid Mavtab suffered a fracture on his right arm and his woman friend was molested.Two tipsy accused \u2014 Karan Kumar who was earlier arrested in an attempt-to-murder case and his associate Amandeep Singh \u2014 stopped the foreigners and passed remarks at them in Sector 40 market. They then followed them to the rented accommodation of the woman and smashed the windows of her room. The victims as well as the two accused are residents of Sector 40.Karan was recently released on regular bail from Model Burail Jail.Hamid is a Panjab University student and his friend is pursuing BBA from a private coaching institute in Sector 34. In his complaint to the police, Hamid said they were in Sector 40 market when the two youths intercepted them and mouthed obscene and caustic caste remarks at them. They were on their way to their homes after watching a Ramleela.\"Though I tried to defend my friend, one of the youths caught hold of her... I immediately pushed him,\" he said. The police were called when the youths pelted her room with stones.SHO of Sector 39 police station inspector Charanjit Singh said, \"Karan and Amandeep, an engineering student, were soon arrested. They have been sent to 14-day judicial custody. Karan claimed that they were drunk and were returning from a birthday party. A case has been registered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933694", "title": "Keep out college official facing slur: High court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court refused to stay the transfer of the management coordinator of Terna Engineering College, Navi Mumbai, following allegations of sexual harassment by a junior lecturer.A division bench was hearing a petition by Amol Chavan, senior lecturer, challenging Mumbai University's April 24, 2012, direction to the college to remove him from the post of management coordinator and other committees. On May 14, 2012, the college's trust transferred him to a group college in Osmanabad. The University's direction was based on the findings of the university women development committee (UWDC). The complainant also opposed relief for Chavan saying she has every apprehension that he will use his influence to harass her .The incident occurred on September 26, 2011, when Chavan called her to his office at 5.30pm to discuss the Sixth Pay Commission.Refusing to stay the university's direction, the judges admitted the petition to be decided in due course. \"Being in such an influential position he cannot be kept in the college during pendency of the case,\" said Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16943479", "title": "Musharraf to contest Pakistan general elections from Chitral", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf , who is a \"proclaimed offender\" in the Benazir Bhutto assassination case, today announced that he will contest the upcoming general elections from Chitral, a constituency in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.Musharraf, 69, made the announcement while addressing the elders of Chitral via a video-link from Dubai, the Express Tribune reported.The former President who ruled Pakistan between 1999 and 2008 had formed a party called the All Pakistan Muslim League (APML) and had vowed to end his self-exile to contest the elections in the country.However, with only months to go to the general elections, he is yet return to the country on account of security concerns.APML Secretary General Barrister Saif said the former president had rendered great services to the people of Chitral, and development projects had been initiated during his tenure.Saif said the people of Chitral had invited the former president to contest the forthcoming election from their area.The former president was declared a \"proclaimed offender\" by a trial court hearing the Benazir Bhutto assassination case and a red warrant has also been issued to Interpol for his arrest.Reports last month had said that Musharraf is keen to return to Pakistan from self-exile when an interim government headed by a \"neutral\" Prime Minister is formed ahead of the general election scheduled for early next year.Musharraf's party sources had then said that he has started contacting friends in the powerful army and in political circles to assess the possibility of his homecoming under a caretaker set-up.Musharraf, who has been living in London and Dubai since early 2009, dropped plans to return to Pakistan earlier this year after the Pakistan Peoples Party-led government warned he would be arrested on arrival as a court had issued a non-bailable warrant for him in connection with the assassination of former premier Benazir Bhutto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16934085", "title": "Howrah-Delhi special to stop at Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: The Indian Railways (North Central Railways) are running a special train between New Delhi and Howrah to accommodate rush of passengers in the festive season and it will stop at Kanpur Junction at 6:50 pm on Wednesday.The authorities of NCR informed that passengers of the region will benefit from this train (03066 New Delhi-Howrah special) which will pass through Kanpur, Allahabad, Mughalsarai, Gaya, Dhanbad and Asansol railway stations. It will have one AC-II, two AC-III and seven sleeper coaches.The administration of railways has also decided to attach extra coaches in a few trains. The facility has been extended to trains like 05031/05032 Gorakhpur-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus and 05033/05034 Gorakhpur-Bandra Terminus.Three general coaches will be attached in Gorakhpur-Lokmanya Tilak terminus train. Eight sleeper coaches and 11 general bogies will be attached with Gorakhpur-Bandra special train.Chief public relations officer NCR Sandeep Mathur informed that extra coaches will be attached in the 18201/18202 Durg-Nautanwa express, 18203/18204 Durg-Kanpur Betwa express and 18205/18206 Dur-Nautanwa Express via Faizabad too. He said it is a temporary arrangement to provide relief to passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16939581", "title": "Six-year-old dies of dengue in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A six-year old girl from Andhra Pradesh died of dengue in a city hospital, sparking off fears that dengue deaths could be prevalent in the city. The Chennai Corporation however clarified that the city was yet to see a confirmed case of dengue death this year.Anji, a six-year-old girl from Kadappa district in Andhra Pradesh, was admitted into the Institute of Child Health in Egmore on October 16, with symptoms of high fever and organ failure. The child was also suffering from dengue and Japanese Encephalitis , said a senior doctor. The doctor said, the child who was admitted in a sick condition was being treated in the ICU for the last one week.The Chennai Corporation immediately sought to downplay fears of dengue deaths occurring in the city, said that there has been no known case of death this year. \"We have been monitoring the situation carefully. There have not been any cases of deaths specifically caused by dengue,\" said a senior corporation health department official. The city has recorded more than 90 cases of dengue in October. The civic body however blames it on the inefficient dengue control operations being carried out in the surrounding districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/jamnagar", "code": "16935409", "title": "Sanjiv Bhatt to be charged in custodial death case", "text": "AHMEDABAD/JAMNAGAR: In a major setback to suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt, a local court on Tuesday ordered framing of charges against him and six policemen who are accused in a 21-year-old custodial death case.Bhatt had moved the sessions court opposing framing of charges against him in connection with the case.The sessions court will frame charges against all the seven accused on October 30 after the Gujarat high court on Tuesday rejected the pleas of six accused policemen challenging the Jamnagar sessions court's earlier order of dismissing their discharge applications in the case.While rejecting their pleas, Justice M R Shah also directed sessions court to frame charges against the accused within four weeks from today.The high court also directed the lower court to expedite the trial of this 21-year-old case and further directed the sessions court not to interrupt the trial unless there is any order either from the HC or Supreme Court.The case concerns the death of one Prabhudas Vaishnani who allegedly succumbed to the injuries inflicted on him while in custody. The police had allegedly thrashed him while he was in custody at the police station on the night of October 30, 1990. Bhatt, who has alleged complicity of chief minister Narendra Modi in 2002 post-Godhra riots, was assistant superintendent of police at the time in Jamnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16941414", "title": "Cisco: Cloud traffic to grow six-fold by 2016", "text": "GURGAON: In the second annual Cisco Global cloud index, it has forecasted global data center traffic to grow fourfold and reach a total of 6.6 zettabytes annually by 2016. It has also predicts global cloud traffic, the fastest-growing component of data center traffic, to grow sixfold - a 44 per cent combined annual growth rate (CAGR) - from 683 exabytes of annual traffic in 2011 to 4.3 zettabytes by 2016.The vast majority of the data center traffic is not caused by end users but by data centers and cloud-computing workloads used in activities that are virtually invisible to individuals. For the period 2011-2016, Cisco forecasts that roughly 76 per cent of data center traffic will stay within the data center and will be largely generated by storage, production and development data. An additional 7 per cent of data center traffic will be generated between data centers, primarily driven by data replication and software/system updates. The remaining 17 per cent of data center traffic will be fueled by end users accessing clouds for Web surfing, emailing and video streaming.From a regional perspective, the Cisco Global Cloud Index predicts that through 2016, the Middle East and Africa will have the highest cloud traffic growth rate, while the Asia Pacific region will process the most cloud workloads, followed by North America.\"As cloud traffic continues to proliferate in a new world of many clouds, the Cisco Global Cloud Index provides all cloud computing stakeholders with a very valuable barometer to make strategic, long-term planning decisions. This year's forecast confirms that strong growth in data center usage and cloud traffic are global trends, driven by our growing desire to access personal and business content anywhere, on any device. When you couple this growth with projected increases in connected devices and objects, the next-generation Internet will be an essential component to enabling much greater data center virtualization and a new world of interconnected clouds,\" said Doug Merritt, senior vice president, Corporate Marketing, Cisco", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16939240", "title": "Power problems: Service and information centres at 30 places for consumers", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Region Power Distribution Company is starting consumer service and information centres and installing ATP (Anytime Payment) machines at 30 places for the convenience of consumers. Under it, a consumer service centre has been opened at Vidisha now whereas another centre is already in operation at Bhopal.At the consumer service and information centres, complaints pertaining to power disruption, voltage, billing, motor, new connections, temporary connection, power load and so on will be received and disposed of. Information about power theft will also be received at these centres. ATP machines will be installed at consumer service centres to facilitate consumers to deposit their electricity bills. A target has been set to accomplish these works in the next few months.The company will start consumer service and information centres with ATP machines at Begumganj, Mandideep, Vidisha, Basoda, Sironj, Sehore, Ashta, Biaora, Sarangpur, Betul, Sarni, Hoshangabad, Itarsi, Pipariya, Harda, Gwalior, Datia, Dabra, Guna, Ashok Nagar, Raghogarh, Shivpuri, Morena, Ambah, Porsa, Jaura, Sabalgarh, Bhind and Gohad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933745", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to start development works worth Rs 595 cr", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has decided to commission over 1,400 development works in various wards soon. The estimated cost of the works is in the range of Rs 594.71 crore.The civic administration, which was severely criticised by corporators for failing to initiate development works in the last six months, on Tuesday said it had issued work orders for over 200 works. Last week, agitated corporators cutting across party lines during the standing committee meeting alleged that no development works were started in the past six months after the municipal elections.However, additional commissioner Prakash Kadam claimed that several works had been initiated. \"We have to prepare estimates of the projects included in the annual budget after which bids are invited. Some major projects need to be approved by the general body. It takes time to get approval from the standing committee and the general body. Many times, there is no response from contractors and the bids have to be recalled.Kadam said apart from the 200 work orders issued, the corporation will soon be issuing work orders for 650 more projects. \"The civic administration, for the first time, has compiled a list of projects being implemented by the head office and zonal offices. The progress of all the projects is reviewed every week during the standing committee meeting,'' he said.A total of 1,426 projects pertaining to engineering, electrical, water supply and underground drainage departments have been included in 2012-13 budget, having a total expenditure of Rs 594.71 crore. Bids have already been invited for 785 projects, having an expenditure of Rs 320.24 crore, Kadam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933253", "title": "Andhra Pradesh shining, Hyderabad to be a world-class city: CM", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greeting the people of the state on the occasion of Dasara, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy said on Tuesday that Andhra Pradesh was a happening state and that Hyderabad would become a world-class city once the Outer Ring Road is completed and the Hyderabad Metro Rail becomes operational.However, what he has chosen to omit is that the wait could be a very long one as while the ORR could be completed by a maximum time of mid-2014, it would take at least another five years for the metro rail to become a reality. \"We have successfully conducted the Global Biodiversity meet participated by delegates from over 170 countries. The World Allergy Doctors' Conference and World Agricultural Congress will by hosted by Hyderabad while World Telugu Conference will take place in December in Tirupati. Andhra Pradesh is an eventful state and with the completion of ORR and metro rail, Hyderabad will become a world-class city,\" he said.Kiran Kumar said he has extensively toured eight districts through Indiramma Baata and stayed in the rural and interior areas and interacted with a cross section of people like farmers, tribals, students, SHG women, youth etc. He could study the ground realities and take remedial measures and sanctioned many a programme as per the desires of the people. \"Our state is endowed with rich natural resources and a long coastline. It is industrially strong and is one of the biggest agricultural producing state contributing to the nation's food security. It is also one of the tourists' paradise in the country,\" the CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16944074", "title": "M S University student to receive Indira Gandhi National Award", "text": "VADODARA: A master's student, who has just passed out from M S University's Faculty of Performing Arts, is the first one from the university who has been selected for the Indira Gandhi National Award for the year 2012.Nitin Parmar, a volunteer of the National Service Scheme (NSS) unit at MSU, has been selected for the award which will be handed over by President Pranab Mukherjee on November 19. Parmar, an active volunteer of NSS, has in the past visited United Kingdom and China under cultural exchange programmes. His selection for the national award comes at a time when he has just completed his masters in performing arts (sitar) from the university.\"Every year, 30 students get this national award which is otherwise conferred by the Union sports minister. But this year, the awardees will be receiving the award from the President at Rashtrapati Bhavan,\" an elated Parmar, who is proud to become the first NSS volunteer to be selected for the award since the unit's inception in 1989, told TOI on Wednesday. Parmar, who is associated with a number of cultural organizations including Spic Macay, Alliance Francaise d' Ahmedabad-Baroda annexe, Surtarang, Swarayan, Amulyajyoti and We the Barodians among others had earlier got selected for cultural exchange programme with Durham University, UK and was also part of the Indian youth delegation selected by the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports to China in 2011.\"As a volunteer, I had conducted a music workshop for 900 NSS volunteers at state level NSS camp for promotion of culture organized by Knowledge Consortium of Gujarat and Gujarat NSS cell. Also, I had actively participated in plantation drives and blood donation camps which has helped me get this recognition,\" said Parmar, who last year was student incharge for re-recording of NSS song, National Youth Song, National Sadbhavana Song - a project assigned by the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16935738", "title": "Abducted girl refuses to go home, sent to Nari Niketan", "text": "FARIDKOT: In a shocking turn of events, the minor girl, who was rescued from Goa on Sunday almost a month after her abduction, refused to accompany her parents back home on Tuesday and even said no to a medical examination.Accompanied by cops, the 15-year-old girl reached Faridkot in the morning and was taken to chief judicial magistrate Dr Rajneesh for recording her statement. The girl first told the court that she wanted to go for a medical test and return home with her parents but later backtracked.In her first statement recorded by the court, the girl said she wanted to be medically examined and that \"she would like to return home with her parents\". However, she later asked the court to record her supplementary statement in which she said that neither did she want to return home nor get medically examined. She also requested the court to send her to a Nari Niketan.The court order (a copy of which is with TOI) on sending the girl to Nari Niketan in Jalandhar states that she had recorded her first statement of returning home and getting medically examined \"out of fear and pressure\". It also stated that \"earlier the girl had agreed to accompany her parents and get herself medically examined due to pressure and fear. Now she is giving this statement without any pressure.\"Meanwhile, the authorities at the Pushpa Gujral Nari Niketan in Jalandhar were initially reluctant to admit the girl when she was brought in the evening. The authorities were of the view that theirs was a place meant for orphaned children or destitute women. They argued with the police that she should have been kept at State Protection Home, which is located at Amritsar.It is learnt that the Punjab police accompanying the girl refused to shift her as the cops argued that they could not take the girl to Amritsar on their own as there were specific orders from the court to shift her to Nari Niketan.\"She should have been sent to protection home, where victims of crime are kept,\" Nari Niketan general secretary Anjna Talwar said, adding that after discussions they finally agreed to keep the girl.The girl was abducted from her house in Faridkot on September 24 by Nishan Singh and rescued from Goa on October 21 by a team of Punjab police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "16934858", "title": "Galloping game goes global with German hand", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: Last year, Carysil Cowboys, the state's only private polo team, roped in George Meyrick, a top English player, who netted four out of eight goals to help the team trounce International Polo Club in a national tournament.Now, the team owned by Bhavnagar-based industrialist Chirag Parekh, has gone a step further. Carysil Cowboys will tie-up with Germany's Hamburg Polo Club.\"Hamburg Polo Club is the best in Germany and accommodates more than 50 polo ponies. Prestigious international polo tourneys are also played in Hamburg. The affiliation will enable our team to go global and players from Hamburg can come here and play,\" Parekh told TOI.The affiliation will also get players here to get quality international training in the royal game.Riding on the tie-up, Carysil Cowboys plans to participate in the international polo tournament coming up in the next polo season.Hamburg Polo Club is run and managed by Thomas Winter, the captain of Germany's national polo team and one of the top rated international player.\"I have invited Thomas and his players to play for Carysil Cowboys this season in Delhi and he has agreed,\" said Parekh. The tie-up is touted to be the first by any polo club in India. \"I have not heard of any Indian polo club tying up with an international club,\" said Parekh, adding that the affiliation will be done in two months.Carysil Cowboys have won three national tourneys in the last two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16934084", "title": "Team India's problem areas which need attention", "text": "Team India embarks on a long journey to regain lost pride post the disastrous tours of England and Australia. TOI identifies a few changes that India have gone through since claiming the World No. 1 crown and then letting it slip away...OPENING WOES: To have two batsmen opening the innings who haven't scored a Test hundred in two years is disturbing. More so, Gambhir and Sehwag haven't registered a century opening stand since India lost the No. 1 Test ranking last August and have managed only 559 runs at an average of 31.05 since. India became the super power they did riding on solid contributions from this Delhi duo, but both happen to be in woeful touch right now.SACHIN'S DIPPING FORM: In the period that India were ranked No. 1, they were also fortunate to have Sachin Tendulkar in peak form. The senior batsman played 18 Tests in that period and amassed 1881 runs with eight centuries and six fifties. Two of those eight tons were converted into double hundreds. However, since India lost the No. 1 Test ranking, he has scored just 682 runs at a below par 37.88 in 10 Tests, without a hundred.MIDDLE-ORDER PILLARS MISSING: The exit of Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman , who retired within five months of each other, means the absence of 22,069 Test runs and an experience of 298 Tests put together in the middle order. Cheteshwar Pujara and Virat Kohli , boys who have replaced these men, have both made promising starts. But there's only a combined experience of 15 Tests between them.LACK OF BIG TOTALS: India's rise to the No. 1 spot happened largely because the batsmen regularly put up totals in excess of 450 for bowlers to come into play. However, since the ill-fated Edgbaston Test that cursed the England tour in 2011, India - in 18 innings - have put up 450-plus only twice. In the 0 Tests that India played since the top ranking was lost, the batting line-up, that had Dravid and Laxman for eight of those 10 Tests could collectively score just eight hundreds. Two of those came off Ashwin and Dhoni's bat.VANISHING BOWLING STOCKS: It's no secret why India did well in Tests when they were no. 1. Their key bowlers were in good wicket-taking form and fit. Ishant Sharma played in all 18 Tests that India were ranked No. 1 and took 68 wickets which included two five-wicket hauls and a 10-for. Harbhajan claimed 63 scalps in 18 Tests with two five-fors. Zaheer played 11 Tests but picked 53 wickets with two five-fors and one ten-wicket haul. Since August 2011, only three bowlers have taken five-wicket hauls - R Ashwin (5), Pragyan Ojha (3) and Umesh Yadav (1).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16934433", "title": "Stage set to celebrate Vijay Dashmi", "text": "VARANASI: City is all set to celebrate Vijay Dashmi on Wednesday.Large effigies of Ravana, Kumbhkarana and Meghnath would be burnt and followed by spectacular display of fireworks at Dussehra celebration of Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW).The authorities of DLW have made elaborate security arrangements. Movement of all vehicles will be restricted on the roads leading to the stadium, cinema hall and basket ball ground.No makeshift shops, gumtis, gas cylinders for filling balloons would be allowed in the premises. People would not be allowed to carry handbags, polythene packets, transistors, toys, water bottles, lunch box and inflammable articles in the ground.The Ramleela committees at Ramnagar, Chowkaghat, and Central Jail were also busy giving final touches to the effigies.Members of Shiv Sena are organising Shashtra Pujan at a temple at Lalita ghat on Wednesday. Protesting against dumping of solid waste in lanes and ghats, Marnikarnika Ram Leela Samiti has given a 24-hour deadline to the authorities to maintain cleanliness from Chowk to Marnikarnika ghat on Tuesday for the effective celebration of the festival and enactment of Ramleela.Navaratra ends with Kanya PujanLakhs of devotees visited puja pandals as the Durga puja festivity reached its peak on the occasion of Navami on Tuesday. Many areas like Lahurabir, Jagatganj, Nai Sarak, Machhodari, Luxa and Sonarpura remained packed with devotees and visitors as the festivities continued till late at night. The three-day Durga Puja reached its peak on Tuesday.The beats of dhols and dandiya added vibrancy to the festivity. Devi Jagran was also held at many places. Special shringar and bhog was held at almost all the pandals, ashrams, temples and muths. The ritual of Kanya Pujan was also observed at many temples and households. Day also witnessed brisk sale of flowers, coconuts and other articles meant for puja.A sea of devotees assembled in serpentine Siddheshwari lanes to worship Goddess Siddhdatri, who is believed to be worshipped on the ninth day of Shardiya Navratra. Women, men and children were seen standing in long queues to get a glimpse of the deity.City divided into 5 zones for idol immersionThe city has been divided into five zones and 21 sectors to maintain law and order during the process of carrying out immersion procession by the Durga Puja organizers. The immersion of idols will start from Wednesday evening.District magistrate Saurabh Babu demarcated the areas of zones and sectors and deployed magistrates to look after the security and crowd management. The immersion of idols takes place at Dashaswamedh Ghat, Sheetla Ghat, Samne Ghat, Bhaisasur and Rajghat, Harishchandra Ghat, Gaighat and Prahlad Ghat. One in-charge officer had been deployed to monitor developments taking place at all the ghats.The city magistrate, ACMs and SDM have been deployed as zonal magistrates while 21 sector magistrates would keep vigil on the routes used by the Durga Puja organizers to take out immersion processions. These magistrates would also move in the area to ensure that no suspected or objectionable article is lying anywhere. The exercises like maintaining law and order will also be handled by them while in the case of detection of any suspicious person, the magistrates would ensure his proper checking and verification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16937650", "title": "Australian cricketer 'counselled' after cocaine incident", "text": "MELBOURNE: An Australian cricketer has reportedly been warned over an incident involving cocaine.According to newspaper reports, even though the unnamed player did not test positive for drugs but admitted to an \"incident occurring and was subsequently counselled\".\"The player did not test positive for the drug and was not subject to Cricket Australia's formal drugs policy,\" reported 'The Australian'.Cricket Australia, on its part played down the reports. \"Cricket Australia confirmed today that no current Australian, State or BBL player has tested positive or breached CA's anti-doping or illicit drugs policies,\" CA said in a statement.\"Noting a newspaper report claiming a cricketer has been counselled on an alleged illicit drugs issue, CA said that in common with other employers, it deals from time to time with employee welfare issues.\"CA's policy dealing with player welfare issues is to do so in a confidential, medically-based manner,\" it added.CA has a two-strike drugs policy under which players caught using illicit drugs away from the game are counselled, banned from playing for 20 days and given a suspended fine or sentence.\"The CA anti-doping officer and team doctor are the only officials who need to be informed in the case of centrally contracted players.\"A second strike has the player named and sanctions delivered.\"Australian Cricketers' Association chief Paul Marsh said no player serious about his career would flirt with drugs.\"Our players think the issue of illicit drugs is a serious enough risk in society and within the broad elite athlete community that we have willingly agreed to an illicit drugs policy with Cricket Australia.\"The policy involves our players submitting themselves to education sessions, a comprehensive testing program and potential sanctions for repeated positive tests,\" Marsh was quoted as saying by 'The Age'.\"It is, however, a medical model that is focused purely on the welfare of the players. A critical aspect of this model is that all test results and any assistance provided to players is done so under strict confidentiality. The ACA would not have agreed to this policy without this provision. As such we cannot discuss any individual player's circumstances.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934685", "title": "Nullah: Panel to probe officers\u2019 connivance", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Tuesday constituted a one-man committee to identify the officers in whose tenures encroachments took place in the catchment area of Amanishah Nallah.The one-member committee of Justice IS Israni will submit the report within two months to the state government. Retired chief town planner (JDA), SS Sancheti, director engineering (JDA) Lalit Sharma and joint commissioner Giriraj Agrawal were being appointed to assist the committee.So far, the government looks sincere in executing the high court order passed early this month to evict encroachers from the nullah's catchment area. However, it has failed to implement the judgment of October 2004 that required a much more tough action against its officers in whose tenures the encroachments took place.Earlier, the high court had pulled up the state government for not submitting a list of officials responsible for illegal encroachments. \"On Thursday, we have to submit our report in the court. We will apprise the court that the committee has been constituted in this regard,\" said a senior official.Recently, the court had observed that the government had failed to execute the October 2004 judgment according to which adverse remarks were to be written in the annual confidential report (ACR) of an officer guilty of sleeping over encroachments. Such an officer was to be mandatorily evaluated in the light of this remark at the time of his/her next promotion.As per the 2004 judgment, for every unauthorized construction, encroachment, illegal housing colony or a commercial enterprise set up in an area falling under the jurisdiction of the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA), Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) or Rajasthan housing board, the enforcement officer/inspector/deputy commissioner/zonal officer concerned was to be held responsible. \"In the ACR of the defaulting officer, specific entry shall be made to the effect that during his posting in the area, unauthorized construction or encroachment took place or an illegal colony was set up or an illegal commercial enterprise was established in a residential area or an area which was not meant for the commercial activity,\" the judgment said.The court went to the extent of making the guilty officer's appointing authority \"duty bound\" to initiate proceedings for contempt of court and departmental inquiry against him/her.It would be a travesty to say that encroachments and illegal constructions have gone unabated in the city even after October 2004.Till date, however, the government is yet to come up with such a stern action against any of its guilty officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16934903", "title": "A week on, 3 big cats play elusive", "text": "BHOPAL: A week after a campaign to catch tigers roaming in the Kerwa, Kaliasot and Kathotia jungles near state capital, big cats continue to elude more than 60 personnel of the forest department pressed into the job of trekking their movements.The campaign is likely to continue for another 10 to 15 days irrespective of the outcome.The tigers will be tranquilised only when the conditions are conducive to do so. Besides, the safety of the staff involved in the exercise is also kept in the mind while carrying out the operation, says S S Rajput, chief conservator of forest, Bhopal.More than 60 personnel of the forest department, including mahout and veterinarians have been involved in the catch- tiger campaign under way near Bhopal.Six elephants - two from Bandhavgarh national park and four from the world famous Kanha -have been trekking the jungles monitoring the movement of the three tigers.The campaign starts at 4.30 am in the morning every day and lasts till 10- 10.30 am when the elephants return to the base camp near the jungles.There are two full grown tigers- one male and another female- and a 13-month-old cub -moving in the small patch of jungle. The tigress has been roaming almost for the last two years.\"Every day we come across signs of the tigers-pug marks, droppings et al or the tigers themselves deep inside the jungle, but so far they have not given us a chance to tranquilise them,\" says an officer involved in the massive operation.The decision to shift the tigers from the narrow patch of jungle was taken with mainly two issues under consideration- safety of animals and the people.A committee comprising three tiger experts- PM Lad, SM Hasan and RC Sharma- took the decision. \"The tigers have been roaming in a narrow strip of forest close to the human population. It is in the interest of both -the man as well as the beast to translocate them to the Satpura national Park,\" the experts had opined.Efforts are on to catch, preferably, the tigress and the cub, radio collar them, if possible, and shift them to the Satpura tiger reserve, forest department officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16942788", "title": "'IT supply chain integrity will be compromised'", "text": "Enterprise IT supply chains will be targeted and compromised, forcing changes in the structure of the IT marketplace and how IT will be managed moving forward, said IT advisory firm Gartner. IT supply chain integrity will be identified as a top three security-related concern by Global 2000 IT leaders by 2017.These findings are produced as part of Gartner's Maverick research. Maverick research is designed to spark new, unconventional insights. Maverick research is unconstrained by our typical broad consensus-formation process to deliver breakthrough, innovative and disruptive ideas from our research incubator.Supply chain integrity is the process of managing an organization's internal capabilities, as well as its partners and suppliers, to ensure all elements of an integrated solution are of high assurance. The need for integrity in the IT supply chain is necessary, whether the solution is developed in-house or purchased from a third party.\"IT supply chain integrity issues are real, and will have mainstream enterprise IT impact within the next five years,\" said Neil MacDonald, research vice president and Gartner Fellow. \"In the shorter term, the market for information security offerings will fragment along geopolitical lines. In the longer term, the same will happen for OSs and other IT system infrastructure software, reshaping the IT landscape moving forward. Enterprise IT departments must begin to make changes today to protect their systems and information in a world where all IT systems are suspect. These changes in information protection strategies will help enterprises embrace and adopt cloud computing and consumerization, which have strikingly similar issues with untrusted systems.\"\"IT supply chain integrity issues are expanding from hardware into software and information,\" said Ray Valdes, research vice president at Gartner. \"They are growing more complex as IT systems are assembled from a large number of geographically diverse providers, and, now of mainstream concern to enterprise IT. These issues are not just about defense and intelligence. This has significant implications for businesses, governments and individuals moving forward in a world where the integrity of the IT supply chain is no longer completely trustable, and where all layers of the IT stack will be targeted for supply chain compromise.\"The IT supply chain has become more complex, fine-grained, globally distributed and volatile in the sense that rapid change provides the opportunity to introduce compromises. Hardware vendors are increasingly outsourcing not just manufacturing, but also design to OEM suppliers and contractors located in Asia and India. In some cases, established Asian suppliers are outsourcing to emerging economies, such as Brazil, Vietnam and Indonesia. This is a complex problem, since most hardware systems are a conglomeration of components and subsystems procured from a large number of individual providers.However, Gartner analysts said most hardware systems include software-based elements (at a minimum, firmware and drivers), with the trend to shift more intelligence out of hardware and into software. In an information- and software-based economy, IT supply chain integrity must extend to include the following:Software supply chains \u2014 This includes components, frameworks, middleware, language platforms, virtual machines (VMs) and operating systems (OSs), but also the software infrastructure and environment for software distribution and updates (such as DNS, identity, application store packaging and digital certificates).Ensuring the integrity of software supply chains is a more difficult problem because of the increased use of offshore development, the relative ease of cloning software, and the ongoing need to keep software patched and updated via trusted mechanisms.Information supply chains \u2014 Information is now becoming available from a variety of sources \u2014 from partners, suppliers and cloud-based services, such as data from Google Maps , Twitter, Facebook and Amazon. This information can be incorporated into connected applications, information marketplaces and the information integrated from partners in an extended supply chain ecosystem. Critical decisions will be based on information assembled from many other sources, creating a similar supply chain integrity issue to that of hardware and software.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16939184", "title": "Jayalalithaa seeks more power from Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: Faced with an acute shortage of power in the state, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa has made a fresh appeal to the Union government to relocate the enitre quantum of surrendered power by the Delhi Government to Tamil Nadu.In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday, a copy of which was released to the media, Jayalalithaa said the government of national capital territory of Delhi had proposed to surrender power from various central generating stations for the period between November 1, 2012 and March 31, 2013. The quantum is estimated at 230 MW for 24 hours and 1,491 MW for six hours ending 6 am. \"The chairman and managing director of Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Limited (TANGEDCO) has requested to the Union Ministry to arrange to provide the necessary corridor on priority basis for availing the power,\" she said.The state has been facing a demand-supply gap of about 4,000 MW, the highest in the southern region, leading to widespread protests from domestic and commercial consumers across the state. Jayalalithaa said the deficit situation in the state had been aggravated due to the corridor congestion. \"I have repeatedly requested your (PM) urgent intervention to ensure that the required quantum of 1,000 MW of power transmission capacity is made available to enable Tamil Nadu to receive the power contracted by TANGEDCO,\" she said. Jayalalithaa criticized the centre's meager allocation of 100 MW, despite requests from the state for an additional allocation of 1,000 MW. \"Even out of this quantum, only about 78 MW was made available,\" she said. There is a severe shortage of power due to failure in the south-west monsoon and constraints the state faces in buying power from sources outside the southern region, due to corridor congestion. The agriculture sector has also been amongst the worst hit due to failure of monsoon and inadequate power supply, affecting the food production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16939594", "title": "Advani backs Gadkari, says no misuse of power", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior BJP leader L K Advani today backed party chief Nitin Gadkari saying he has come \"clean\" by asking for a probe on charges against him and said the party should not claim immunity on either scale or nature of the allegations.\"Nitinji has come clean by asking for an inquiry by the department of company affairs,\" Advani said in a statement here on certain media allegations questioning investments in his family business.He said the allegations against Gadkari were about \"standards of business and not misuse of power or corruption\"\"I am of the view that the BJP should be different and should not claim immunity on either scale or nature of the allegations,\" he said.Accusing the government of trying to neutralise the \"unprecedented\" corruption charges against it by targeting Gadkari, Advani hoped there will be an impartial probe into the matter.\"I hope that the government inquiry will be fair and the government will not use its political hostility to the BJP to colour the inquiry,\" he said.Advani lashed out at the UPA for trying to work a strategy to paint the entire political class with the same brush to minimise and escape its \"unpardonable sins\".He said the allegations against opposition leaders like Gadkari was an \"off-shoot\" of this.Terming Gadkari's response to the government probe into his business investments as \"fair and proper\", Advani said, \"This shows the difference in the BJP's attitude.\"He said one of the allegations of wrongdoing against Gadkari related to land issue which has been proved wrong according to media reports themselves.He also congratulated Gadkari for \"voluntarily\" asking for a probe into the allegations of dubious funding in his companies.Advani lamented that the \"monumental\" corruption by the ruling UPA has \"made the political class hang its head in shame\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16934013", "title": "Pandal-hopping keeps youngsters busy during Puja", "text": "GURGAON: City residents, particularly the ones from the Bengali community, had a gala time at Durga puja pandals on Tuesday. A host of cultural events, including music and dance shows, drama and folk arts exhibitions highlighting Bengali tradition were held in various pandals.In the evening, youngsters were seen hopping from one pandal to another on the ninth day of the festival. A dance programme was organized by participants of a TV reality show at Sushant Lok.A K Dutta, executive member of Sahasrabdi Durga Puja Committee in South City I, said, \"This year coincides with the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. As a tribute, our pandal resembles the Belur Math near Kolkata.\"Cultural events catering to all age groups were put up by the community members. Drawing completion, a fancy dress competition and recitation programmes for children were also organized.The puja pandal in Sushant Lok I also drew a large number of visitors. \"Puja bhoj was the main attraction at our pandal. Around 700 people from the society and neighbourhood had prasad on three days starting from the seventh day of the festival,\" said Susangat Ghosh of Sushannt Lok Durga Puja Committee.On Wednesday, the idols made from clay will be immersed in the Yamuna river in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "thane (maharashtra)", "code": "16937649", "title": "Six people killed in road accident in Maharashtra", "text": "THANE (MAHARASHTRA): Six people were killed in a road accident near Bhiwandi in the district in the early hours of Wednesday.The accident took place around 2am, when the driver of the jeep in which they were travelling lost control and hit a vehicle on the other side of the road after running over a road divider, police said.The incident took place at Nagla village in Bhiwandi town, they added.According to police, all the victims, who are from a local village, were returning after attending a Navratri festival. One more youth sustained serious injuries in the accident and had been hospitalised.The victims have been identified as Kashinath Patil (17), Devendra Tangdi, (19), Ashish Tangdi (19), Yadnesh Deolikar (19), Kundan Raikar (25) and Vaibhav B Raikar (27) police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16942698", "title": "MP Congress expects more berths in Union cabinet", "text": "BHOPAL: With the conclusion of this year's Durga Puja celebrations, Congress party circles in Madhya Pradesh are again rife with speculations about young faces from the state getting accommodated in the Union cabinet. President Pranab Mukherjee will be back in New Delhi after celebrating Durga Puja in his traditional home in West Bengal by Saturday and an imminent cabinet reshuffle is probable after his return to the capital. UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh separately met President Mukherjee last week sparking fresh conjectures about the last major cabinet reshuffle before the 2014 general elections.As Madhya Pradesh goes to the polls next year, the party unit here is hopeful about the inclusion of more leaders from the state to increase the Congress' prospects in the assembly elections. Sources in the state party headquarters said that the Central leadership will be taking additional interest in Madhya Pradesh and increase the number of ministers from here as the state is poll bound. Furthermore young faces from the state, even first-time MPs, maybe considered since the party is getting ready to hand-over more powers to AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi. Hence, a young team will be consciously picked and trained as Gen Next.The PCC in Bhopal sees candidates like Meenakshi Natarajan and Arun Yadav getting included while Union minister of state for industries and commerce Jyotiraditya Scindia could get elevated to a more prestigious cabinet berth. Rumours are also abound that Mandsaur MP Meenakshi Natarajan has told the party central leaders that she would like to continue working for the organisation more than take the responsibilities of a ministry.Leaders in the state Congress argued that Natarajan is a first-time MP and would require more experience before stepping into the Union cabinet. But it is also believed that she is considered as part of the young faces team led by Rahul Gandhi. Thirty-seven-year old Arun Yadav, son of former deputy CM Subhash Yadav, has already held the positions of Union minister for heavy industries, public enterprise, agriculture, food processing, sports and youth affairs. But he was dropped in July 2011 and included as a party secretary. MPCC sources justified that Arun Yadav could find his way back into the Union cabinet as he is young, experienced and already two times MP.Supporters of the Scindia faction are riding high on the expectations that the Gwalior royal scion could be elevated to occupy a cabinet berth with an important portfolio. His followers justified that with the exit of Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress, six ministries were vacated. The DMK berths after the resignations of A.Raja and Dayanidhi Maran will also be filled. There are also eight ministers holding charge of dual ministries. They might be asked to give-up one each. With so many vacancies in an election year, Scindia could emerge as a cabinet minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16941613", "title": "Uncertainty on Telangana creation persists", "text": "HYDERABAD: Uncertainty over creation of a new Telangana state persists as the Congress high command and the Centre continued discussions on the issue.\"The process of negotiations is continuing and no decision will be possible till a consensus is arrived at (on the demand for bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh),\" is reportedly the refrain of Congress leaders.A group of ministers from Telangana region who held \"talks\" with the Congress top brass in New Delhi last week were given to understand that the party would take its time before announcing anything concrete on the statehood issue.\"We may have to wait till the end of Parliament's Budget session next year,\" one of the ministers, who was part of the group, said on his return here.Given its preoccupation with too many other issues, including the forthcoming elections in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh, the Congress leadership was not in a position to focus its attention on Telangana, he pointed out.In fact, the ministers' trip to New Delhi was not exactly to exert pressure on the party high command or extract an announcement on the vexatious issue.It was only a \"face-saving\" exercise in the wake of mounting pressure from the statehood protagonists here.The Congress MPs from the region too silently disappeared from the scene after making some noise late last month when the Telangana march was held in Hyderabad.On his part, Telangana Rashtra Samiti president K Chandrasekhar Rao, the self-styled torch-bearer of the statehood movement, has retreated into his farm house in Medak district after spending a month in New Delhi.He told various Telangana groups -- off the record -- that a separate state would happen by Dussehra but the festival ended today without bringing any cheer for them.\"After the repeated statements by Congress leaders in New Delhi, if anyone still believes Telangana state will become a reality, they will only be fooling themselves,\" political observer N Radhakrishna remarked. There are many who share his view.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16935213", "title": "Railway earnings register 25% rise in October", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The total approximate earnings of Indian Railways on originating basis from October 1 to 10, 2012, have been Rs 3131.75 crore compared to Rs 2487.17 crore during the same period last year, registering an increase of 25.92%.The total goods earnings have gone up from Rs 1625.05 crore from October 1 to 10, 2011, to Rs 2179.45 crore during October 1-10, 2012, showing an increase of 34.12%. The total passenger revenue earnings during October 1-10, 2012, were Rs 839.10 crore as compared to Rs 758.08 crore during the same period last year, showing an increase of 10.69%.The revenue earnings from other coaching amounted to Rs 83.80 crore during this period compared to Rs 74.26 crore during the same period last year, showing an increase of 12.85%.The total approximate number of passengers booked during October 1-10, 2012, was 251.67 million compared to 230.89 million during the same period last year, showing an increase of 9%.In the suburban and non-suburban sectors, the number of passengers booked during October 1-10, 2012, was 141.25 million and 110.42 million compared to 122.09 million and 108.80 million during the same period last year, registering an increase of 15.69% and 1.49% respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939307", "title": "Reemma Sen set to be a mom", "text": "She got married with much fanfare a few months ago in Delhi and the latest news is that the actress is set to become a mom.Reemma Sen is known for her movies Minnale and Dhool. However, her career didn't rerally taker her to dizzying heights post these flicks. She is currently working in SAC's Sattam Oru Irruttarai remake .She has not signed any major movies post her marriage is busy shuttling between Delhi, where her hubby resides, and Chennai where she works. The latest news of her turning mom means that she's likely to take a break from movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934141", "title": "Deportation plea of Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir trashed", "text": "MUMBAI: A Wadala resident, who claims to be a Pakistani national, will have to face trial after the Bombay high court rejected his plea for deportation on Tuesday.A division bench of Justices Abhay Oka and Sadhana Jadhav were hearing a petition by Siraj Khan (27) who entered India at the age of nine. Khan urged to be deported to his home at Manshera in Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir. The court was earlier informed that Khan is facing the charge of illegal entry into India and a chargesheet has been filed before the Bhoiwada magistrate's court.Advocate general Darius Khambata told the court that there seems to be a \"hidden agenda\" behind the plea, but refused to elaborate. He said there is a statutory authority to decide citizenship issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939136", "title": "Chemicals in cosmetics trigger early menopause", "text": "Chemicals found in make-up, hairspray and food packaging are causing women to hit menopause early, researchers have warned .Women exposed to high doses of these chemicals have been found to go through the change almost two and a half years before other women, and in some cases these chemicals may be causing women to stop having periods 15 years too soon.There is already a widespread concern over the potential health risks of pthalates, a group of chemicals found in plastics, cosmetics, household products and food packaging.Recent studies have shown that they may increase the risk of cancer , diabetes and obesity and there is even evidence they may feminise the brains of young boys.Now American researchers say the chemicals are disrupting women's reproductive systems, including their ovaries, and leading to early menopause.Dr Natalia Grindler, from Washington University in St Louis , Missouri, and her colleagues looked at the levels of pthalates in the blood or urine of 5,700 women.Those women with the highest amounts were found to have gone through the menopause an average of 2.3 years before the others. The typical age of the menopause is 51, so women exposed to the highest levels were hitting it aged 49.But Dr Grindler said that some women may be going through the menopause 15 years early, in their mid-thirties.An early menopause is linked to far higher rates of strokes, heart disease, bone problems and fatal brain haemorrhages.\"We don't know yet if some of them are going through it one year earlier or some are going through it 15 years earlier,\" the Daily Mail quoted Dr Grindler as saying.\"Early menopause has a lot of impact on your health. We absolutely think these chemicals have the potential to affect ovarian function and human reproduction.\"There's a lot that we don't know at this point, our research is still preliminary, but it's enough to suggest it is having a detrimental impact in the long term,\" she said.Dr Grindler could not explain why some women were exposed to higher levels of these chemicals. It may be that they wore more make-up, drank bottled water or ate more packaged foods.The findings of the study have been presented at the American Society of Reproductive Medicine's conference in San Diego , California .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16940492", "title": "Cabinet reshuffle likely on October 28: Sources", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet is likely to be reshuffled this Sunday (October 28).Speculation has been rife about a possible reshuffle in the wake of the exit of Trinamool Congress ministers and DMK representatives A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran in the last two years.Reports of an eminent reshuffle gained fresh momentum after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi met President Pranab Mukherjee separately recently.Rumors abound that some young faces could be included in the Cabinet.The names of Manicka Tagore and Meenakshi Natarajan are doing the rounds.Among the young ministers, Sachin Pilot , Jyotiraditya Scindia and Jitin Prasada may get promoted to Cabinet rank or get independent charge as Ministers of State.The latest reshuffle exercise could see some of the ministers holding charges of two ministries losing one of the portfolios.With six ministers from the Trinamool Congress leaving, two or three Congress leaders from West Bengal are expected to be accommodated.The names of Deepa Dashmunshi, Adhir Choudhury and West Bengal PCC chief Pradeep Bhatacharjee are doing the rounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16934475", "title": "Public views sought for decongestion of Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: Amid growing traffic and parking problems faced by the city of Panaji, the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) has given an in-principle approval for a traffic decongestion model in Panaji prepared by the Charles Correia foundation.The plan was discussed at a special meeting of CCP councillors held on Tuesday. The plan will now be placed before the public on October 26 at Central Library in Patto where the CCP Commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues will give a presentation to the public.Presenting the plan to the councillors, Rodrigues said \"congestion of the city is one of the pressing problems for Panaji.\" He noted that the citizen's tolerance level to the problem was declining.Rodrigues later told TOI \"the plan desires to give improved and assured travel time to people.\"He said the plan involved a \"multiple level solution\" that would primarily focus on a \"central business district (CBD) as this is the main area where congestion is huge.\" The CBD consists of areas such as 18th June Road, MG Road, AB Road and surrounding areas.Observing that most roads in the city are two-way, Rodrigues stated that these roads needed to be made one way. He also said that currently there was almost no form of public transportation in the city forcing people to depend on their own transport and this needed to change.The plan proposes \"a hop-on hop-off bus system in the CBD.\" It proposes five rapid transport bus loops through areas such as Dona Paula, Taleigao, Bambolim, Altinho and Mala and 3 hop-on hop-off bus routes.Rodrigues said under this system \"it will not take more than five minutes to catch a bus on any route and reaching any destination may take a maximum of one bus change as the routes are overlapping.\"He said the system will focus on encouraging pedestrianisation in the city and will require 60 buses in the peak hours and 42 buses in the off-peak hours. It will transport around 50,000 passengers every day and will operate from 8 am-10 pm.Parking lots have been proposed near Santa Monica jetty, Junta House, Campal Parade ground, Panaji ferry point, Panaji market basement. Observing that presently, around 750-odd four-wheelers, and around 1450-odd two-wheelers are parked in the CBD. Under the plan, this will reduce to 600 two-wheelers and 500 four wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16934975", "title": "Poultry feed factory gutted", "text": "MHOW: Major fire broke out in a factory near IIM-Indore on the intervening night of Monday and Tuesday, in which the most of the factory goods were gutted.As per Kishanganj police, fire broke in Satyam Oil Company situated near IIM-Indore on Rau- Pithampur road at about 2.30 am. After somebody informed about the incident on phone, fore brigades from Mhow, Pithampur, Rau and Indore were rushed to the spot at 3.30 am and it took about one hour to bring the fire under control.Mhow sub-divisional officer (Police) CP Singh told TOI that as soon as the information reached him, he directed the Badgonda and Kishanganj police teams to reach the spot. He said that prima-facie, it seems that the incident could have occurred due to short circuit and the investigations are on. The statements of the owner Ashok Ramani and watchman Nainsukh Chorasiya have been recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933535", "title": "2 hurt as bike rams into car in South Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men on a bike were injured after their vehicle collided with a car near the Kailash Colony Metro Station, south Delhi on Monday. The injured, Dharmpal (24) and Gopi (25), work in an IT firm, police said.Eyewitnesses told police that the bikers were riding on the wrong side when they hit the car. The owner of the car, a resident of Rohini, has been identified and the cops are questioning him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16938200", "title": "Nitin Gadkari issue BJP's internal matter: RSS", "text": "NEW DELHI: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat has refused to comment on the corruption allegation against BJP chief Nitin Gadkari , saying it was an internal matter of the saffron party.\"Gadkari's issue is BJP's internal matter,\" said Bhagwat.Vaidya said the allegations of corruption against Gadkari \"are in the media only\".\"A media trial is on and the concerned person (Gadkari) will put forth his views before the party,\" he said.Gadkari, who attended the function, in the RSS attire, left the venue without talking to media.Media reports on Tuesday said an infrastructure company, Ideal Road Builders (IRB), had made major investments in and given a large loan to a company controlled by Gadkari.IRB had won contracts between 1995 and 1999 when Gadkari was the PWD minister in Maharashtra.The reports said the addresses of some of the companies that had invested in Gadkari's company appeared to be dubious.Gadkari, who seemingly has the backing of the RSS, did not react to the latest allegations \u2014 the way he promptly responded to IAC when it accused him of questionable land deals.On Tuesday, however, BJP MP Jethmalani suggested that Gadkari should not aspire for a second term as party president.Jethmalani told television channels that there \"was suspicion about his integrity\" and his continuation as BJP chief will weaken the party's fight in upcoming elections.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16940917", "title": "Raina to lead India 'A' against England", "text": "MUMBAI: The national selectors on Wednesday at Chennai, picked the India 'A' team for the match against the touring England side, to be played from 30 October to 1 November at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai. Left-hander Suresh Raina will lead the side.India A squad: Suresh Raina (Captain), Murali Vijay ,Shikhar Dhawan , Ajinkya Rahane , Yuvraj Singh , Manoj Tiwary , Wriddhiman Saha (wk), Irfan Pathan , Vinay Kumar , Parvinder Awana, Ashok Dinda , Robin Bist , Ashok Maneria, Abhinav Mukund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16941263", "title": "Dhvaj Haria loses to Mike Russell on WBC debut", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City-lad Dhvaj Haria faced Mike Russell in their first game of the 2012 World Billiards Championships (timed format) at Leeds.There was no upset in the Group 'A' encounter as Russell won the game easily by more than 250 points but not before Haria showed a glimpse of his talent. At the Northern Snooker Centre, Haria scored 313 while Russell smashed 539.The 19-year-old knew it would not be an easy outing against Russell, who has won 16 global championships during his career, so far.Russell, who has shifted base to Qatar , is ranked eighth in the tournament while the young reigning junior national billiards champion and Gujarat state snooker and billiards champion, Haria is ranked 53rd.Haria still has three matches left, against Guy Heys, Steve Brookshaw and Arthur Winn respectively. Meanwhile, Amdavadi legend, nine-time world champion Geet Sethi made a winning start at his rally in the WBC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "matsue", "code": "16940413", "title": "Google deletes Korean address of contested islands from map", "text": "MATSUE: US internet search giant Google has deleted the Korean address of a pair of South Korean-controlled islands claimed by Japan from its Google Map , a Japanese local government said.From an impartial standpoint, the company has shown the islets' Japanese name \"Takeshima\" in the Japanese version of the map while placing \"Dokdo\" in the Korean edition since Friday, after deleting the Korean address, according to Shimane Prefecture, which was briefed by Google.The prefectural and central governments had demanded the company remove the Korean address from the map, which previously presented \"Ulleung-gun 799-800\" as the islands' address in a space outside the map when searched using keywords such as Takeshima or Dokdo.Sho Yamasaki, a prefectural official in charge of the islands, welcomed the move, but added, \"We want to continue to urge the company to show the Japanese address on the map.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16933825", "title": "New Gurgaon prepares to celebrate Dussehra", "text": "GURGAON: Dussehra celebrations in the old city have always been a big affair, but this year, for the first time, new Gurgaon is also preparing for an equally grand event. The main attraction here is the Dussehra Utsav being organized at the Leisure Valley Park by the Sector 14 RWA.The organizers are expecting around 10,000 people to turn up on Wednesday. \"This is the first time we are organizing such an event in new Gurgaon. We have built a 70-foot-tall effigy of Ravan,\" said one of the organizers.Earlier, a show of Ramlila was held at the park. \"Many of the participants in the Ramlila came from Delhi. We also have various food stalls. While we have been doing this in the old city for many decades, we did not want the residents of the new city to miss out on the festivities,\" the organizers said. \"We have spent more than Rs 1.5 lakh to make 50-foot effigies of Ravan, Kumbkaran and Meghnath. The effigies have been brought from Muradabad,\" said Ramesh Rastogi, treasurer, Navshree Dharmik Ramlila Committee.Apart from this, various group housing societies are organizing events in their own condominiums. Similarly, in the old city, various RWAs are organizing such events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16933406", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan steers clear of giving out flats to poor", "text": "THANE: Concerned by allegations of corruption in the implementation of the centrally aided Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme in Kalyan-Dombivli, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday declined to personally hand over the keys of over 300 tenements to select beneficiaries. Instead, he called upon Kalyan-Dombivli mayor Vayjanti Gujar and municipal chief Ramnath Sonawane to do the allotments. Chavan also announced that he is waiting for a police report on the alleged scam.Chavan attended a function organized by the Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation and visited Ambedkar Nagar where he inspected a few of the 308 tenements that are ready. But he politely distanced himself from the ceremony to allot the tenements to Dombivli slumdwellers. The CM attended the two-hour-long function, but asked Gujar and Sonawane to do the allotments.TOI has reported on the alleged corruption in the implementation of the Rs 654-crore BSUP project that promises to provide 13,469 tenements to slumdwellers across nine pockets of Kalyan-Dombivli. A police complaint filed by RTI activist Kaustubh Gokhale, who has compiled a dossier on the project, alleges a scam to siphon off crores of rupees. The allegations include the inclusion of fictitious names in the beneficiaries' list, appointment of a private consultant to survey slums without inviting bids, and misuse of public money by civic officials and contractors. Chavan, when asked about the alleged corruption, said, \"I have ordered an inquiry into the entire implementation and after the report is ready action will be initiated against the guilty.\" When asked whether his presence at the ceremony could lend some legitimacy to the alleged corruption, the CM said, \"I didn't come here to hand over keys to the beneficiaries. I wanted to see the project and tenements for myself. The keys were handed over by the mayor and commissioner.\"Police reports suggested that the CM could participate in the programme but should not hand over the keys.Gokhale complained to the Thane police that a multi-crore racket was on and demanded that an offence be registered against civic officials and corporators. The Thane police, meanwhile, could wash their hands of the affair as they have sought permission to transfer the case to the CBI.\"I submitted evidence running into hundreds of pages on specific corrupt practices,\" Gokhale said. \"But, they chose to sit on it. Finally, I urged them to register an offence against me for filing frivolous complaints or register a complaint against the officials. But they were unwilling to do either.\"Gokhale filed a criminal writ petition in the Bombay HC asking the court to direct the police to register an offence. Additional police commissioner Milind Bharambe said, \"There are no clear instructions from the government to file an FIR as yet. However, our probe is on and we will take a decision shortly.\"Times view : Break the nexus and rethink on contractor-driven schemesTime and again schemes have been created to help the poor and underprivileged, but the money doesn't reach them. The Basic Services for the Urban Poor scheme seems to be another example. Despite layers of checks \u2014appointment of a nodal agency, technical appraisal committee, project evaluation committee and an Independent Review and Monitoring Authority\u2014the politician-bureaucrat-contractor nexus is once again accused of graft. The time has come to take strict action against corruption at the local level and do a rethink on contractor-driven schemes. If money is disbursed directly to the intended recipient, it could help stymie the corrupt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16935258", "title": "BJP leaders vie for state unit chief's post", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Hectic lobbying has started within the BJP to succeed Jual Oram as the Odisha unit president, with several aspirants vying for the coveted position.With Oram's three-year tenure as the state chief slated to end in December and the party central leadership unlikely to back him for another term, a new face could get an opportunity to lead the saffron party in the state, feel BJP insiders. \"Though technically anyone can be president for two consecutive terms, it does not seem likely that Oram would be able to retain his post. He has already been state president for three terms,\" said a senior party leader nourishing a desire to replace the former Union tribal affairs minister.BJP sources said although Oram might give a shot at continuing as the state chief, the recent revolt by a section of party leaders against him over alleged irregularities in the ongoing organizational polls is not going to help his cause. \"The fact that the party's central election officer Thabarchand Gehlot last week suspended organizational elections in the wake of the allegations makes evident that the going is getting tough for Oram,\" a party leader added.This has apparently encouraged quite a few leaders to throw their hats into the ring. The names of Patnagarh MLA and BJP legislature party leader K V Singhdeo, former state president Suresh Pujari, ex-MLA Basanta Panda, Nayan Mohanty, Murli Sharma and Ashok Sahu, among others, are doing the rounds. \"The RSS leaders will have a say in the selection of the next president,\" said a party source.\"The position of Nitin Gadkari as national BJP president has become shaky in the wake allegations of scam against him. Though his continuance for a second consecutive term was announced at the party national executive, the allegations could have a bearing on his future. It would also impact selection of the next state chief,\" the source noted.A section within the party is keen on senior leader Bijay Mohapatra taking over the BJP reins in the state. But, party insiders said, he is not eligible to become the party president just yet. \"Our party constitution stipulates that one has to be an active member for three terms, i.e., nine years, to be eligible for the post of president. Mohapatra has completed only one term,\" a party source said.The saffron party had formed an alliance government alongside BJD for nine years, but since the break-up ahead of the 2009 elections, it has not seemed to be in a position to pose any major threat to either the BJD or the Congress. Keeping this in view, some party leaders said the president's mantle should fall on someone who can rise above increasing factionalism within the party and galvanise the organsiational apparatus to take on the BJD and the Congress. \"At the national executive committee meeting, Gadkari made particular mention of Odisha and expressed his dissatisfaction at the goings on. Unless a leader who can inspire confidence among different groups in the party as well as the public at large is made the president, it would be difficult for the BJP to arrest its slide,\" a partyman and former minister observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16933465", "title": "Central Board of Film Certification officer faces Mohan Babu\u2019s ire", "text": "Film actor-producer Mohan Babu has fired a salvo at Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) regional officer A Dhanalakshmi for allegedly harassing producers. \"She has been harassing a lot of producers. I intend to file a criminal complaint against her and also approach the court for harassing me,\" Mohan Babu said.Mohan Babu's grouse was that the certification was withheld for the film 'Denikaina Ready', produced by him and with his son Vishnu in the lead role, though the censors had viewed the film. \"We booked several theatres for the film's release and delay in release will have financial implications. We will see what happens,\" he said. Mohan Babu approached the revising committee for getting the film certified as the scheduled release of the film was October 24. Vishnu also his expressed anger at the censor officer and said he would not allow his film to be stopped. However, by Tuesday evening, the censor board cleared the movie with a U/A certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16940173", "title": "Shreya Ghoshal promises ultimate Bollywood musical", "text": "Shreya Ghoshal, the 'Sa Re Ga Ma Pa' winner who was discovered by director Sanjay Leela Bhansali during the talent hunt almost a decade ago, has guaranteed the ultimate Bollywood musical experience for her next gig in Dubai.\"Every time I come to Dubai, people expect change. This year, I have had so many new releases so the format of the show will naturally change. But I don't have a fixed agenda,\" Gulf News quoted her as saying.\"Audience participation is what I want. I have always loved the vibe that I get from my Dubai fans and I have a feeling it won't be any different this year,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16941243", "title": "Non-surgical ways to look better in 7 days", "text": "A professional doctor has come up with an at-home, self-improvement guide on how to get thinner, look younger, sleep better and more.Dr. Andrew Ordon's 'Better in 7' details a guideline that people can follow in just a week, which outlines everything from an easy-to-follow diet and clever do-it-yourself remedies.\"The diet part, it's easy to do,\" Fox News quoted Ordon as saying.\"You don't feel like you're starving - you feel full. It does energize you and has all to do with natural diuretics, adding fibre to the diet, energy foods - foods that aren't going to bloat,\" he said.Ordon also revealed some simple solutions to a common gripe that many women have during pregnancy - stretch marks.Although first he promoted prevention for pregnant women like, such as engaging in healthy choices like a good diet and exercise, he also had an interesting trick for when the pregnancy is over.\"Believe it or not...I'm telling these women to put peanut butter on their stretch marks,\" Ordon said.\"If you've got peanut butter on your hands when you're making that PBJ, you know how it sticks. You can since that oiliness in it...It's loaded with fat soluble vitamins A, D, E and K,\" he said.When it comes to getting a flat stomach, Ordon promised that people wouldn't go hungry on his diet, since they're adding fibre to their diet. He also gave a few exercise tips that give quick results.\"I'm not saying you have to go to the gym,\" Ordon said.\"What I'm saying is emphasizing some yoga moves, pilates moves, something as simple as doing planks,\" he said.Ordon maintained that these techniques will deliver effective results, while bypassing the harmful hormones and chemicals found in store products.\"It's not rocket science. We talk about it all the time: What you do to your body in general is going to show on your face,\" Ordon said.\"It's taking care of your skin from the inside-out,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16934445", "title": "Man, family held for dowry harassment", "text": "CALANGUTE: A resident of Aradi, Candolim, Askar Ali, 26, was arrested along with his mother, sisters and brother-in-law following a complaint lodged at the Calangute police station by Ali's father-in-law accusing him of cruelty and physical assault.The complaint was lodged by Mohammad Chand, a resident of Haveri, Karnataka, that his daughter Afreen was being regularly beaten up, abused and ill-treated by her husband and his family for failing to meet their demand that she bring gold ornaments worth 2 lakh from her father's family.Following the complaint, the police registered an offence under Sections 498-A read with 34 of the IPC and Section 4 of the Dowry Prohibition Act, 1951, and proceeded to arrest Ali, his brother-in-law Khutubuddin, 27, sisters Salima, 31, Famida, 29, and mother Jamila, 55.Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16934468", "title": "No money for SAFF from the govt", "text": "PANAJI: The South Asian Film Festival (SAFF), to be held in Goa from October 25 to 28, 2012, has not received any financial help from the Goa government this year. The festival, which will screen movies from Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal , Pakistan and Sri Lanka , had been sanctioned 10 lakh by the Digambar Kamat government for its organization last year.The festival is being organized in Goa for the last five years and had received financial support from the Congress government. But the Manohar Parrikar-led BJP government has only extended infrastructural support to the festival, which plans to make Goa its permanent festival venue.\"We have been organizing the film festival for the last five years in Goa. Our effort is now to stand on our own feet. The Goa government has extended all support for the last five years. We received 10 lakh to organize the festival last year. This year, though, we have not got financial help from the government, which we had asked for, we have received infrastructural help and we are very happy about it,\" Rahul Barua of the South Asia Foundation that organizes the festival, said.Jitendra Deshprabhu, who is also part of the organizing committee of the festival, said that the government is right in conserving funds for the International Film Festival of India to be held in Goa next month.Nationalist Congress Party general secretary Tariq Anwar said that the South Asian Film Festival will help bring all the south Asian countries together; \"they are struggling with similar political and economic problems and are very close in their traditions.\"Anwar is set to inaugurate the film festival on Thursday at 6pm at the open air amphitheatre at Kala Academy and daughter of India's president Pranab Mukherjee , Sharmistha Mukherjee, will be performing a Kathak dance recital on the occasion. Veteran actor Randhir Kapoor will be the special guest at the festival and will be felicitated on for his contribution to Indian cinema. Friday onwards, film screenings begin at 11am. SAFF-2012 will screen more than 40 films from all the South Asian countries,.One Konkani film, Mariola directed by Joe Rose , will also be screened at the festival. Free entry passes can be collected from ESG office, Panaji from 10 am to 6 pm, the organizers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16940738", "title": "Muzumdar boost for Andhra; Pradeep skipper", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Middle-order batsman A G Pradeep was today retained Andhra Pradesh skipper for their Ranji Trophy campaign beginning with the match against Services at Anantpur from November 2-5.The state selectors today picked a 15-member squad for their first two matches against Services and Tripura.The squad boasts of former Mumbai skipper Amol Muzumdar who held the record for most runs in Ranji Trophy till last year before being overtaken by his former team-mate Wasim Jaffer.A veteran of 158 first-class games, Muzumdar represented Assam till last season.The 25-year-old Pradeep will have Bodapati Sumanth as his deputy while T Vamsi Krishna was named the wicketkeeper.Andhra have been clubbed alongside Himachal Pradesh, Kerala, Services, Tripura, Goa, Jharkhand, Jammu and Kashmir and Assam in the Group C in the rejigged Ranji Trophy format this season.The Squad: A G Pradeep (capt), B Sumanth (v-c), Hemal Watekar, D B Prashanth, Amol Mazumdar, G Chiranjeevi, K Bharath Reddy, T Vamsi Krishna (wk), K S Shabuddin, D Shiva Kumar, T Atchuta Rao, P Vijay Kumar, Rajesh Pawar, S K M Basha and B Ayyapa.Coach: Kaushik Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16940854", "title": "Punjab to host first Oculoplastic Association of India 2012", "text": "AMRITSAR: After more than two decades of the inception of 'Oculoplastic Association of India' -the state of Punjab would be hosting the first OPAI -2012 national conference hosted by Dr Om Parkash Eye Institute along with 'Association of Amritsar Academy of Ophthalmology (AAO).Director of Om Parkash Eye Institute and Patron OPAI -2012 Dr Rohit Omparkash informed on Wednesday that the conference would be inaugurated on October 27th in which about 300 specialists in varied fields related to Ophthalmology (eye) and related fields would congregate and share experiences and ideas during this interactive conference.These include Ophthalmic Plastic Surgeons, Dermatologists (skin), Ocularists, General Ophthalmologists, Paediatric (children) Ophthalmologists, Orbital (around eye) Surgeons, General Plastic Surgeons, Maxillofacial (face) Surgeons, Ophthalmic Pathologists. While giving a detailed note on the national conference to be held forth for the first time in Punjab Chief Organizer Dr. Raman Mittal informed that it was for the first time ever that a super-speciality Oculoplasty Conference of this level was being organized. Besides scientific paper reading and discussions, live demonstrations, video-sessions, Power-Point presentations would be used to enhance understanding of various topics.Dr Gangadhara Sundar from Singapore said that it would be one of the largest gathering of Oculoplastic Surgeons. \"It has provided a platform where there is an exchange of ideas and mutual learning between speakers from all over the world and those from India\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16935816", "title": "Four property dealers held with Rs 77 lakh unaccounted money", "text": "PATIALA: Shambu police have arrested four property dealers and seized Rs 77 lakh from their possession. Police said that the dealers failed to produce documents related to the amount, but dealers alleged that cops did not give them time to produce the documents.SHO, Shambu police station, Manjit Singh had set up a naka on Punjab-Haryana border to check entry of vehicles into Punjab. During checking of a car, cops seized Rs 77 lakh, packed in four bags. But when cops questioned the four persons sitting in the car, they reportedly failed to give any satisfactory reply or produce any document related to the money, he said.Identified as Amit Arora, Samay Singh, Randip Chauhan and Dileep Yadav, all from Gurgaon, the arrested persons were reportedly going to Ludhiana. Some portion of the amount was meant for Ludhiana while the remaining was for some dealers of Jammu, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933638", "title": "A fun way to learn how science applies to kitchen activities", "text": "PUNE: Why do a few drops of iodine turn raw bananas black, but have no effect on ripe bananas? How do you determine the content of vitamin C in colas? How do you measure acidic level of food using red cabbage juice? These and many such intriguing questions about application of science in day-to-day kitchen activities will be answered by scientist Magesh Nandagopal at the 'exciting science programme' to be held at the National Chemical Laboratory (NCL) on Pashan Road at 9.30 am on October 28. Entry is free for all students.Nandagopal, who is a scientist at the NCL, will discuss science involved in food and show how common kitchen ingredients could be used as chemical reagents to have fun with science at home. The demonstration will be a part of the talk titled 'Chemistry you can eat: The science behind food and cooking'.'Exciting science programme' will be guided by a group of NCL scientists who wish to share the excitement of science with school children. Addressing a news conference on Tuesday, K Guruswamy, co-ordinator of the group, said, \"Our goal is not to teach science but to excite children. We hope these efforts will excite some children to take up careers in science and technology while others may grow up to cheer and support the progress of science.\"The current activities of this group includes popular talks for school children, talks by researchers and practitioners on various topics in science, technology and mathematics for school children in the 12 to 15 years age group, reaching out to select local schools among others.Each talk will be based on a topic from the regular school science curriculum, but the objective of the lecture is not to teach students, but to arouse their curiosity. Therefore, these modules mainly comprise exciting demonstrations and videos to illustrate properties and applications that explain the history behind the science.The NCL scientists are also mentoring school students who are planning to undertake research-based projects. For this purpose, Saturday science videos are held every Saturday at the Venture Centre at 5.30 pm. These videos are selected documentaries related to science and technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16935279", "title": "Kumari Puja observed in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Young girls dressed in resplendent red were worshipped at several puja pandals in the city as part of Kumari Puja rituals on Tuesday. Kumari Puja or worship of virgins as incarnations of Durga is performed on Navami for a peaceful life. Women do so to beget sons.\"It is believed that in the guise of nine young girls had come to the house of a trader. Hanumanji also came with her as a boy. So a boy is worshipped with the young girls,\" said Jayanti Mahapatra, one of the worshippers. \"The tradition is an integral part of Durga puja celebrations,\" said Nrusingha Mishra, a priest.On Kumari Puja day, young girls aged between one and 12 years are invited to puja pandals, their feet are washed and a red-coloured threads are tied onto their wrists. Then vermilion is applied on the forehead of the girls and they are worshipped as incarnations of Durga amid chanting of hymns. They are even offered puspa anjalis and people touch their feet to take their blessings. The children are given prasad, sweets, gifts and sometimes even a token amount of money.As people rejoice during Kumari Puja, they also feel said that Durga Puja festivities would soon end, said Anand Goswami, a puja reveler at Kalibadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16944089", "title": "Trader body calls for Rajkot bandh on Monday", "text": "RAJKOT: Rajkot Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Rhas given a call for a bandh on October 29 to protest against the seizure of 1,000 kg of silver by the city police on Tuesday. The seizure was carried out in the name of implementation of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) for the forthcoming assembly polls.\"We have given the bandh call against the unnecessary harassment of businessmen and traders in the name of election code of conduct. We can't understand why they are seizing material other than cash?'' said Sameer Shah, President of RCCI. He said that no such reports of harassment are coming from Himachal Pradesh which goes to poll early next month. \"Businessmen have nothing to do with politics. They are just doing their business. More than 110 different associations will be supporting our bandh call,'' Shah said.The city police had seized nearly 1,000 kg of silver on Ahmedabad-Rajkot highway on Tuesday morning which had sparked massive outrage among the local traders who claimed that the consignment was to be delivered to jewellers in the market. The police said that the carriers did not have proper documents to account for the silver. The consignment had been sent by Vishnu Patel, owner of the Ishwar Bechar angadia firm, from Ahmedabad to its Rajkot office near Kothariya Naka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16934416", "title": "Lourenco guns for Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Congress Legislative Party spokesperson Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco termed the government's decision to have a 1km buffer zone for national parks and wildlife sanctuaries as \"unfortunate and said that the government is working at the behest of the mining lobby\".Speaking to mediapersons at the Congress house on Tuesday, Lourenco said that environment minister Alina Saldanha's silence after the government's declaration of a 1km buffer zone to protect the interests of the mining lobby was yet another instance of a \"hand-in-gloves operation\".He also said it was well known that the late Matanhy Saldanha had demanded a 0-5km buffer zone around wildlife sanctuaries to protect the fragile ecology and environment around the mining areas of Goa.\"It appears that Alina has sold the legacy and thoughts of her late husband at the altar of the chief minister's ego,\" alleged Lourenco.He claimed that the people of Goa have by now, very clearly understood that Manohar Parrikar has sold himself to the mining lords of Goa. If he didn't genuinely believe in the principles and legacy of Matanhy, then why did he shed tears at his death six months ago? asked the Curtorim MLA. The chief minister had publicly stated that it would be his endeavour to fulfill the dreams and aspirations Matanhy stood for throughout his life.Referring to the function to be held at Kala Academy on Wednesday to commemorate Matanhy's birth anniversary, Lourenco said that double standards are once again being displayed by the ruling dispensation as, on one hand, they are praising and assuring the public of fulfilling his dreams, but on the other, are moving away from Matanhy's legacy. How could they betray the man who stayed with Parrikar through thick and thin since 2002? Lourenco questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933624", "title": "'Builders confusing flat owners about VAT payment'", "text": "PUNE: The flat owners association and civil society organizations on Tuesday blamed the builders' lobby for creating confusion among flat owners about payment of value added tax (VAT), through social advertisements. The association claimed that neither the flat owners nor the builders were willing to pay the VAT, but the builders did not want to openly go against the government.The charges were made during a news conference addressed by Suryakant Pathak, president of the Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat, Vivek Velankar, founder of Sajag Nagarik Manch and Sudhakar Velankar, president of Grahak Hitwardhini.Pathak said, \"Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (CREDAI) published advertisement about collection of VAT. Some of the local builders have started sending mails to flat owners demanding immediate payment of the VAT amount, ranging from 0.66% to five per cent over the total agreement cost. The most important fact ignored by the developers is that many of them have not formed any cooperative housing society of flat owners. These builders also create hurdles in handing over conveyance deeds to flat owners.\" The civil society organizations appealed to flat owners not to pay tax till the builders finish their job by forming a cooperative housing society, submitting tax invoice and clearance from electricity distribution company.Reacting to the charges, Satish Magar, president of CREDAI, Pune Metro region, said, \"The builders' have already approached the Bombay high court seeking a uniform formula for calculation of VAT. We are not interested in over-charging our customers, we are a service provider. The advertisement was published to inform the flat owners about the government's decision and there was no intention to misguide people.\"Sudhakar Velankar said, \"The cost of land, raw material and other materials on which the VAT is already charged should not be considered during the calculation of VAT on flats. Unfortunately, the builders have not informed flat owners about it and were asking them to pay higher amount as VAT. I have copies of letters sent by some builders to flat owners demanding VAT ranging from one per cent to five per cent.\"Vivek Velankar claimed that the builders were also hit by the new guidelines, but they were not taking the customers' side. Flats in a locality are sold at almost the same price, but VAT amount varies from builder to builder. This is ridiculous, he said.\"We want builders to provide all the promised amenities to flat owners and then look for payment of VAT. The government has lost money in various projects, and it was looking to recover part of it by charging VAT. The government is aware that flat owners in urban areas spending lakhs can afford to pay a few thousand more in the form of VAT,\" Velankar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933266", "title": "Used luxury cars, a hit with buyers in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A garage filled with old, dusty and unused cars of well-known models was a usual sight of a second-hand car outlet until some years ago but in complete contrast are the new clusters of used car outlets which have surfaced in upmarket areas of Jubilee Hills, Banjara Hills, Madhapur and nearby localities. Showcasing SUVs, convertibles, sports and various other models of high-end luxury and imported cars as well as bikes, these showrooms target customers are the growing number of upwardly mobile denizens ranging from students, businessmen, movie stars and even politicians.The cars on display typically range in the Rs 25 lakhs - Rs 1.5 crore bracket but their depreciation rate is 30 to 50% and hence the demand in the second-hand luxury market. \"An average buyer of these luxury cars usually sells them within a year or two and upgrades to a better car model. This way many second-hand luxury cars are flooding the market,\" says Abhishek Aggarwal of Ingens, who started this outlet a couple of months ago in Madhapur. His showroom showcases only those used cars that are priced above Rs 15 lakhs. \"We have been selling close to 15 cars every month. Recently we sold a used BMW Z4 for about Rs 50 lakhs, and when it comes to bikes we have sold a couple of used Harley Davidson bikes,\" he said.With a minimum maintenance cost of Rs 20,000 to even Rs one lakh annually, car lovers don't mind the 'modest' expense saying they get to own an imported brand for much less than its original price. Usually second-hand showrooms charge a commission from both the buyer and seller but in the case of luxury used cars, they do not charge the seller anything (keeping in mind the huge cost of the vehicle) and the commission is charged from only the buyer which can range anywhere from Rs 30,000 to up to a lakh depending on the car variant. Owners of these showrooms further note that Hyderabad is a fast growing market of luxury cars and stands second to Bangalore in the whole country.However, there are also those who feel that this trend is not an easy business model to depend on entirely. \"A customer who wants to buy such an expensive used car will take a lot of time to decide. Also, many of these high end and imported cars have very low ground clearance, hence an ideal customer is generally from Jubilee Hills and surrounding areas who end up driving only on these roads which have better maintenance and conditions,\" said S Ravindra, proprietor, Drive-On cars in Jubilee Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16940126", "title": "Bharti Airtel's user base touches 60m in Africa", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom major Bharti Airtel said its business in Africa, where it forayed in 2010, has crossed 60 million subscriber mark.Airtel added 10 million customers across its operations in 17 African countries in less than 12 months of having crossed 50 million subscribers, the company said in a statement.Moving forward, the company hopes to add subscribers on the continent through maintaining a strong focus on rural penetration, innovation and customer responsiveness, it added.\"Since launching the Airtel brand in Africa in 2010, Airtel has been on a steady growth path. The ability to communicate with each other is no longer a privilege on this continent, but a necessity,\" Airtel Africa Chief Marketing Officer Andre Beyers said.The company has expanded 3.75G data services across 11 markets and mobile commerce service \"Airtel Money\" in 15 African markets.Over the last year, Airtel said it has reduced the number of sites running only on diesel by more than 50 per cent through the use of innovative models such as a Hybrid Battery Bank.\"By 2013, the company aims to completely eradicate the constant use of diesel to power its network. This means no site will rely solely on diesel power 24 hours a day,\" the statement said.Bharti Airtel has operations in 20 countries across Asia and Africa. The company now ranks among the top 4 mobile service providers globally in terms of subscribers, according to Wireless Intelligence report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16941754", "title": "Tanmay keeps Central Zone's hopes alive", "text": "CHENNAI: Opener Tanmay Srivastava kept Central Zone's hopes of Duleep Trophy title alive with a patient 46 not out as his side ended the fourth day of the summit clash against East Zone at 74 for two in their first innings on Wednesday.Srivastava had already consumed 126 balls in his knock after resuming the day at individual score of seven and team total of 12 for no loss at M A Chidambaram Stadium.The start of the fourth day was also delayed by rain and only 34 overs could be bowled today. The first day was washed out without a ball being bowled, while the second and third days had seen 31.2 and 70.3 overs being played, respectively.With just a day remaining in the match, the winner of Duleep Trophy is heading to be decided on the basis of first innings lead.Central Zone now need 159 runs to win the title with eight first innings wickets in hand.Srivastava and his opening partner Vineet Saxena, who resumed the day on five, added another 56 runs in 27.3 overs today before the latter was out for 22 at the team score of 68.Srivastava has scored five fours in his innings so far while Saxena hit four boundaries.Central Zone suffered a jolt just three balls before the draw of stumps when captain Mohammad Kaif was dismissed for two in an LBW decision of the bowling of left-arm spinner Iresh Saxena, who took both the wickets today.Robin Bist was giving company to Srivastava without opening account at the close of the fourth day's play.Brief Scores: East Zone 1st Innings: 232 all out in 101.5 overs Central Zone 1st Innings: 74 for two in 36 overs (Tanmay Srivastava not out 46; Iresh Saxena 2/23)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933674", "title": "Pet adoption camp", "text": "PUNE: The Blue Cross Society of Pune will be conducting a mixed-breed puppy and kitten adoption camp, sponsored by Pedigree, on October 27. Those interested can visit the Mazda Grounds at Synagogue Street in Camp between 1pm and 5.30pm. Foster parents should reach the venue between 11am and 1pm. For further details contact, 9226108504 or 9561261147.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16935695", "title": "Miffed, BSY to quit BJP any time before Dec 10", "text": "BANGALORE: Announcing that he plans to quit before December 10, disgruntled Karnataka BJP strongman B S Yeddyurappa on Tuesday said the process of starting a new party would begin on Wednesday.\"I will not patch up with BJP. I am Yeddyurappa, I do whatever I say and I have been doing it over the years. I will tender my resignation from state assembly and primary membership of BJP anytime before December 10,\" he told reporters after performing Ayudh Puja at his office here.Yeddyurappa, who has been cut up with the BJP leadership over the party sidelining him since his resignation last year as Karnataka chief minister, said he would launch his party at a public rally in Haveri.\"The process of starting a new party will begin from tomorrow,\" he said without elaborating.Yeddyurappa, however, said he would not pull down the BJP government even after resigning from the Karnataka Assembly.Asked about BJP state general secretary Prahalad Joshi's remarks that party president Nitin Gadkari was making efforts to convince him not to desert the party, Yeddyurappa said it was far from truth and no efforts were made by any leader in this regard.Yeddyurappa, who was forced to quit by the BJP central leadership in the wake of Lokayukta report on illegal mining indicting him, said his proposed party would fight on \"secular ideology\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16943608", "title": "F1 Indian GP organisers warn against fake tickets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The organisers of the Formula One Indian Grand Prix on Wednesday clarified that 'Book My Show' remains their only official ticketing vendor and warned the fans against ticket frauds.It has come to the notice of the organiers, Jaypee Sports International Limited (JPSI), that some frivolous websites/ forums are claiming to be authorised ticketing partners and offering to sell tickets at a lower cost for the second edition of the Indian GP to be held at Buddh International Circuit from October 26 to 28.\"We would like to clarify that Book My Show (www.bookmyshow.com) is the only authorised ticketing vendor and the prices of the tickets remain the same on the website (http://in.bookmyshow.com/sport/formula1/tickets/),\" the organisers, in a statement, informed the fans.The statement further said that there were mass SMS's being sent by these fraudsters to the public, claiming to provide cheaper tickets and proclaiming themselves to be official ticketing vendors.\"We urge the public who are interested to come for the Indian Grand Prix to ignore such messages and to inform the authorities,\" it said.Askari Zaidi, Sr Vice President, Corporate Communication, Jaypee Group, said, \"We are initiating strict action against those spreading false information and misleading the motorsport enthusiasts who want to enjoy the high paced excitement of the sport.\"Apart from the season tickets, special Sunday tickets for October 28 are available on www.bookmyshow.com and are also available in some shopping malls and Cafe Coffee Day outlets in key metros.Tickets, outlet details, parking charges, shuttle services from various points in NCR, location of stands are available at www.bookmyshow.com\"We have already announced exciting one day passes for the second edition. F1 fans can avail these much awaited single day passes to experience the thrill and adrenaline of the race day from our authorised ticketing partners,\" Zaidi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16933440", "title": "Bangladesh GM Ziaur Rahman keeps it short and sweet", "text": "NAGPUR: Bettering his record in the sub-continent, Bangladesh's second Grandmaster Ziaur Rahman dismissed IM Ankit Rajpara's challenge with merciful quickness in the final round to lift his first major title in India when he captured the Nagpur Improvement Trust International GM Open Chess Championship on Tuesday.Aware about his good score in the Buchholz system, Ziaur avoided risk and settled for a quick draw against Ankit to complete the proceedings garnering 9 points along with top seed Belarus GM Aleksej Aleksandrov, who registered a hard-fought win over top Indian GM Lalith Babu.With both the masters having a tie at the end, a better tie-break score after the Buchholz system helped Ziaur wrest the crown in style. The victory means the Bangladeshi will go home richer by Rs 3 lakh.Ziaur, who had an impressive second-place finish in the Chennai open chess tournament in 2010, is a teacher by heart and was the first resident grandmaster in Malaysia before being worked as a trainer at the Garry Kasparov School of Chess in Bangladesh . He has also helped many junior players in his homeland and India, and also counts Sayantan Das, the former under-12 world chess champion as a notable student.After Ziaur and Ankit signed the peace treaty in just 14 moves on the top board, focus shifted on the second board where the top seed Aleksandrov was playing with Lalith Babu. Playing with black pieces, Aleksandrov defeated Babu in a complicated game after 76 moves.Martyn Kravtsiv, the second seeded GM from Ukraine , agreed to a quick draw with Bengal's Diptayan Ghosh in a Catalan opening game on the third table. The 15-move draw helped Martyn finish third with 8.5 points while 17-year-old Nashik youngster Vidit Gujrathi excelled with a fourth place finish.Playing with the white pieces, Vidit-after a queen exchange in the mid-game-outclassed S Nitin of Tamil Nadu in 34 moves to gather 8 points with five others at the end. Vidit, however, stole the show amongst the other Indian players with a better tie-break score.Later in the concluding ceremony, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe distributed the prizes.Results (round 11): Ziaur Rahman (9) drew with Ankit Rajpara (8), MR Lalith Babu (7.5) lost to Aleksej Aleksandrov (9), Diptayan Ghosh (8) drew with Martyn Kravtsiv (8.5), Andrey Vovk (8) bt Nisha Mohota (7.5), GA Stany (7) lost to Sahaj Grover (8), Aditya Udeshi (7.5) drew with Abdulla Al-Rakib (7.5), Vidit Santosh Gujrathi (8) bt S Nitin (7), Himanshu Sharma (8) bt Minhazuddin Ahmed (7), Neelotpal Das (7.5) bt Konguvel Ponnuswamy (6.5), Hossain Enamul (7.5) bt Gusain Himal (6.5).FINAL STANDINGS: 1. Ziaur Rahman (9, 77.0), 2. Aleksej Aleksandrov (9, 75.5), 3. Martyn Kravtsiv (8.5, 75.0), 4. Vidit Santosh Gujrathi (8, 75.5), 5. Himanshu Sharma (8, 72.0), 6. Ankit Rajpara (8, 71.0), 7. Sahaj Grover (8, 70.5), 8. Diptayan Ghosh (8, 66.0), 9. Andrey Vovk (8, 65.5), 10. MR Lalith Babu (7.5, 73.5).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16935277", "title": "Tillari work set to leave Bardez dry", "text": "PANAJI: Bardez taluka's 50,000 water connections, including those in the tourist-centric beach stretch from Sinquerim to Baga, are set to face severe supply problems over the next 55 days.Officials of the Tillari Irrigation Development Corporation said on Tuesday that the supply of raw water from Tillari dam to Assonora water treatment facility will be stopped from October 25 to November 30 to carry out maintenance works. The 115 MLD Assonora facility presently gets a daily supply of over 120 MLD (including wastage) raw water from the dam, corporation officials said.PWD officials told TOI that alternative arrangements, including diverting other water sources to the Assonora facility, are being made to make up for the shortfall. They conceded that tail-end areas like the Sinquerim-Candolim-Calangute-Baga stretch and Porvorim \"may suffer from sporadic water shortages\".To compensate for the shortfall, PWD is looking to draw about 10MLD of raw water from Amthane dam in Bicholim taluka. Also, from Padoshem near Sanquelim, 20MLD of water-10MLD raw water and 10MLD treated water-will be diverted to Assonora. PWD has already installed two 30MLD pumps to divert water from the Assonora river to the facility. It plans on installing another 30MLD pump. But PWD officials admitted that drawing 90MLD raw water from the Assonora river may be difficult as the river may not have so much water.Sources said the water resources department has plans to pump in water from another river into the Assonora river to compensate for the shortfall.T J Kamat, managing director of the Goa Tillari Irrigation Development Corporation said the maintenance works are on the dam and canals in Goa and Maharashtra.The Assonora water treatment facility has several water treatment plants under it. Water supply to Bardez taluka had jumped manifold this year with the release, since August 22, of the balance 20 MLD of water from a new 50 MLD Assonora water treatment plant. The 50 MLD plant was partly commissioned to release 30 MLD water in 2011.Now, PWD officers are speaking of resorting to the old ways of supplying water; supplying water on alternate days to some villages, reducing the hours of water supply to other villages and general rationing the water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16934692", "title": "Bollywood\u2019s King of Romance had a heart of gold", "text": "Walking into Yashji's house to condole his death seemed like one of those strange things that happen only in movies. Just weeks ago, we were at his home celebrating his 80th birthday. There were just a few friends and family members but the house was all lit up and decorated, and Yashji's beaming face resembled that of a child excitedly celebrating his birthday.In his over-five-decades-long career, Yash Chopra earned many sobriquets, including King of Romance, most powerful man in Bollywood and most successful corporate entity in the film industry. I think it all came from his great human qualities of golden-heartedness and innocence, his youthful enthusiasm, his love for life, which reflected in his movies and, of course, his creative genius.When Yashji embarked on his last film, Jab Tak Hai Jaan, after a gap of several years, I recall him speaking about it like he was making his first film. Going back to shoot in Kashmir seemed to have been a long-cherished dream\u2014he spoke passionately about how he had experienced all the seasons of Kashmir in one year while shooting Kabhi Kabhie. Back in the Valley after more than two decades, he could not stop talking about how everything was as beautiful as he had last seen it. Even the security issues did not seem to bother him.Ensuring that Yash Chopra's shooting went off smoothly was imperative for the state government but Yashji, on his part, was thrilled with everything that came with this\u2014satellite phones, helicopter rides to the shooting in Gulmarg and so on. It was his rare humility that made him regard this as a bonus, not a security nuisance. He was truly humble\u2014 once, when we were leaving a high-powered social event, he told me that each of the guests was so wealthy they could buy him over. When I told him that while they were rich, he was wealthier than them in terms of talent and creativity, he was as ecstatic as if this thought had never dawned on him.Yashji had an unusual sensitivity and warmth in his relationships and a director's eye for human detail. Once when he called me, he said he liked my caller tune. After that, he went back and looked for a 40-year-old version of the same prayer sung by Lata Mangeshkar from his archives and sent me a CD. His great understanding of human relationships was reflected in his films too.He always invited us for previews, and the few times that we did go we would see yet another caring aspect of this man. As the lights dimmed at the Yashraj preview theatre and friends and family waited in anticipation of his glittering new offering, Yashji would personally escort guests' drivers and staff to the front portion of the theatre.As for his being the King of Romance, it probably came from real life. Much like his movies, he is said to have first seen his wife, Pam, at a wedding, singing and playing a dholak, after which began an over-four-decades-long romance. Recently, we were at a Ganesh Puja, waiting for Pam to arrive. Suddenly he broke into a smile and said she had come. I looked questioningly at him and he replied, \"Khushboo.\" There was no sign of her. But when she did walk in ten minutes later, we learnt that she had come into the house and was freshening up. \"It was her fragrance,\" he said. \"I knew she had come.\" That was the real-life romantic Yash, and that was the kind of rare understanding he and his wife shared. No wonder then that it was Pam who had the most apt statement to make about him. \"Yashji doesn't know he is Yash Chopra,\" she had once said. \"We have to remind him sometimes.\"The writer is a former DGP of Maharashtra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934295", "title": "Help at hand for traffic cops to curb mishaps", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the city gears up to buy many more vehicles during Dussehra, student volunteers from the Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) will be working on a project that aims to bring down the number of vehicular accidents in the city.DCP (traffic) Jeevraj Dabhade had approached the traffic engineering department of the college a couple of months ago to help his department in the task.Ten of the most accident prone routes of the city have been taken up to study the reasons of the accidents happening on these stretches. Students of the college have been visiting police stations in these areas to collect the necessary data about the causes of accidents that have taken place in the last five years.\"It is a part of our job to prevent accidents from happening. We observed that some places that did not have a large volume of traffic and the roads there were well made too and yet there were many accidents in those places. Even manning more traffic personnel at such intersections did not help. We wished to know the causes behind this and the way they could be corrected,\" said Dabhade.That is when he realized that this needs a scientific study and approach and contacted head of the traffic engineering department of VNIT Vishrut Landge. Twenty post graduate students of Landge's department and some undergraduates from the civil engineering department consequently started working on the project. \"We have been told to suggest measures to reduce the number of accidents. For this, we would require to study the number of accidents occurring at a particular place and the most common patterns of these accidents,\" said Landge.Giving an example, he explains, if more collisions are such that a vehicle from behind bumps into the one ahead of it, speed would be responsible and signals could be put at subsequent intersections if the collisions are 'side sweeping' ones, the solution could be putting up convex mirrors for correcting the sight distance. He said that the reasons for the accidents could range from irresponsible driving, structural defects in the roads or simply volume of traffic flowing on the particular stretch of road.For now, the students are analyzing the police reports of these accidents. Samhita Indurkar, a postgraduate student who is volunteering for the project said, \"We are taking into consideration things like date and time of the accidents along with the vehicle and people involved from the police records. What we have noticed is that most of the accidents on the Pratap Nagar stretch that I am studying are caused by two-wheelers driven by people between the age 19 and 25 between 8 and 10 am,\" she said. Such statistics can help arrive at the measures to be taken, she added.Many of the volunteers working on the project are from the social outfit Zooming In on Development (ZID). \"Since many of our members are engineers, we thought it would be good to put our technical knowledge to use for a social cause. As we are required to be present at the sites to observe the traffic flow, we become more cautious of the mistakes that we make during driving. This way we have been able to alert a few friends, too,\" said Nishant Didawat, co-founder of ZID and an undergraduate student at the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16935235", "title": "UP link rising suicide cases to literacy", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Uneducated and matriculate/secondary class pass-outs people are more prone to suicides in Uttar Pradesh, reveals latest report of the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) 2011. The report also says that suicide cases are also gender-specific.The report clearly maintains that uneducated, educated up to primary and middle school or matriculate pass persons ending their lives were higher in number compared to the educated lot in the country. Data also claims that of all those who committed suicide in 2011, 16,467 were uneducated persons, 20,590 studied up to primary school, 21,435 up to middle-school, 17,467 were matriculate/secondary pass, 8,099 higher secondary/intermediate pass, 1021 diploma holders, 2,300 graduate and 460 post-graduate or above.In UP, 4,843 suicide cases reported in 2011 included 1,127 uneducated persons, 844 primary school dropouts, 961 studied up to middle school,1,029 passed matriculate/secondary, 658 Intermediate, 52 were diploma-holders, 133 graduates and 39 post-graduates or above. Similarly, primary and High School pass-outs too committed suicide in Sangam city.As per NCRB report, the issues that drove men over the edge were disrespect in society, failure in exam and unemployment. On the other hand, women committed suicide when they came to know about their spouses' illicit relationship, failure of marriage or inability to bear children.As per the statistics, Allahabad registered 62 cases of suicides, of whom eight were uneducated, 18 educated up to primary school, 12 up to middle school, 15 matriculate/secondary pass, seven Intermediates and two graduates.In Allahabad, those aged between 15 and 29 years of age were found more prone to taking the extreme steps to end life. Data reveals that two persons below age 14 years of age, 37 persons including 16 male and 21 females between the age group of 15 and 29 years and 16 persons including 12 males and four females between 30 and 44 years ended their lives in the city in 2011.Consuming poisonous substances was the prime mode of suicide categorised under means adopted across the nation while self-immolation and jumping under running vehicles/trains were the other resorts for the dejected.Across the country, 43,365 persons died consuming poisonous substance in 2011. Besides, 11,866 immolated themselves while 4,846 others ended life jumping under running vehicles or trains.Town-wise break-up of suicide cases in 2011 is as follows: Lucknow: 203, Agra:96, Varanasi: 64 and Kanpur: 686. Police claim that mega cities traditionally report higher number of suicides due to family disputes and loss of reputation. Community issues also matter a lot in a close-knit society.NCRB data claimed that Kollam city in Kerala topped the nation's suicide list, followed by Durg Bhilai in Chhattisgarh. The two cities are ahead of the rest with a suicide rate of 39.3 and 33.6, respectively. Jabalpur in Madhya Pradesh ranks fifth at 27.7.Rajkot, considered the industrial hub for Saurashtra, ranks fourth amongst top 5 cities with high suicide rates for past five years in NCRB's annual publication Accidental Deaths and Suicides in India (ADSI).In UP, 4,843 persons ended their lives in 2011 while the figure of persons who committed suicide in 2010 was 3,628, a rise of 33.5 per cent. NCRB recorded a total of 1,35,585 cases of suicides in 2011, including 87,839 by males and 47,746 females.\"Most of the cities have been witnessing a rise in suicidal tendency among youngsters and this is a cause of serious concern for the society showing growing inability of people to cope up with pressure,\" said a senior cop adding \"suicide is more of a mental health problem and issue should be taken seriously.\" Other factors like professional pressures, drug-related problems, alcohol, and depression take their toll on men for committing suicides while women commit suicide due to family conflicts, heartbreak or domestic violence. Elderly often commit suicide due to loneliness, terminal diseases, family feud, etc.A city-based psychologist claims, \"Suicide is basically a mental health problem. If we analyse the cases, 40 per cent of those who committed suicide have suffered from a major depressive disorder, 10 per cent from schizophrenia, 10 per cent from bipolar disorders, 5 per cent to 8 per cent from alcoholism and drug related problems, 5 per cent from anti-social personality disorder, 1 per cent from anxiety and others.He also pointed out depression as the prime cause behind rising graph of suicides. Sustained social stress often leads to a state of helplessness, hopelessness and worthlessness resulting in suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938339", "title": "It's time for festive shopping!", "text": "Starting from Dassera right up to Diwali, markets turn into discount wonderlands. Khubi Ali reports.Advent of October is a presage to the start of the festive season in India. From Bengali Durga Puja, through the elaborate navratri functions to the final day of Dassera, India is buzzes with glint and glamour through this course. The festival is as much about entertainment and commerce as it is about the victory of good over evil.To celebrate the festival in a grand way, every family does a great amount of shopping. Starting from Dassera right up to Diwali, markets turn into discount wonderlands. From appliances, clothing to automobiles \u2014 markets is flooding with discounts and sales since people prefer to shop during the auspicious occasions. \"Although there is no such custom of buying new appliances on Dassera, it is the commercialisation of festivals that has led to this trend\" says Sejal Deshmukh, a Bandra-resident. During this season everyone is in the mood to splurge on clothing, electronics and on home accessories. Thus, a set strategy is workout to cash in these sentiments of the devotees.Festive season is when everyone wants to look his or her best. And with the several designer boutiques cropping up in every area, this dream isn't too far fetched either. Clothing stores and boutiques cater to the needs of the customer and serve them with affordable designer ethnic wear. \"I'm wearing this backless anarkali by Sabyasachi, on Dassera this year. But with the competition in the market even smaller stores are offering some amazing ethnic designs. My chania-choli for this year Navratri was from this small boutique in Bandra,\" says Deshmukh.Homemakers too want their homes to sport the best of appliances on festive occasions. Free goods, tempting discounts are the tools these shopkeepers use to lure such customers. On Dassera, most of the Hindus decorate their homes with torans. Hence flower markets are also in great demand.If you are looking for more traditional puja items, then you have to visit the most popular bazaars in town \u2014 Bhuleshwar and Crawford's Market. They offer you the best festive wares that are in trend and at reasonable price. Irla, Four Bungalows, Vile Parle and Santacruz markets in the suburbs also sell wide range of puja accessories \u2014 from leaves of the Shami trees, beautiful ornaments for the Goddess to other decorations for Dassera. \"During the festive season there is an obvious demand for ethnic wear. But it is the puja accessories that are most in demand among peope,\" says a shopkeeper from Four Bungalows, Andheri. This festive season, walk through the streets of the city and make the most of the offers available, by doing some smart shopping.Go for gold ETFS There is a mad rush to buy precious metal since Hindus consider Dassera an auspicious occasion to buy bullion , especially gold and silver. Buying Lakshmi coins was tradition - however off late, with the advent of paper gold or virtual gold, the dynamics have changed. An easy and convenient way of buying gold is through Gold Exchange Traded Funds (Gold ETFs). There are about 25 different gold ETF schemes across 14 different fund houses at present.These products, which track the metal's prices, provide investors an opportunity to accumulate gold over a given period of time by purchasing them in small quantities. Buying paper gold does away with the worry of stocking physical gold in lockers. Though it may not provide the excitement that physical gold provides especially during festivals, it offers huge advantages that traditional gold buying options do not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16934426", "title": "Roads turn riskier after repair work", "text": "VARANASI: Moving on roads has become riskier after the repair work.\"I was riding my motorcycle behind a four-wheeler on a newly constructed road leading to Central Jail in Shivpur area. The manholes are lying above six inches high from the level of the road. I could not see one manhole and my motorcycle bumped after hitting the cover,\" said Sanjay, a native of Luxa. Sanjay succeeded in saving himself, two little girls sitting on the pillion fell on road. One of them had to be rushed to the hospital as she sustained injuries on head and hands.A van fell into a manhole, which is lying several inches below the level of the road in Sigra. The passengers sitting inside it came out of the vehicle. The residents of the area protested against the accident. Traffic was disrupted during the busy hours in the evening. Accidents are taking place due to lack of coordination between the government departments responsible for construction of roads and maintenance of manholes.With the launching of projects like construction of flyovers, laying of pipelines, drainage and water supply line projects, the digging of roads is going on since 2008-09. A few roads were repaired immediately after the completion of pipeline laying works, but majority were left in pathetic condition. Though many roads had been repaired in view of chief minister's arrival and other events, a local organization filed a PIL in Allahabad High Court recently after which the government machinery swung into action to improve cleanliness and repairing of damaged roads.The fate of many roads was changed overnight in many localities. But in the hurry to implement the instructions of senior officials, agencies like Varanasi Municipal Corporation and PWD overlooked the manholes and repaired the roads. As such, the level of manholes either became high or low from the level of roads. The average speed of vehicles increased on most of the roads of the repairing work and the chances of accidents due to the location of manholes also increased.ADM city MP Singh said that many complaints had been received in this regard. He said that Jal Kal officials have been directed to ensure early repair of manholes in order to avoid inconvenience to commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933635", "title": "Mumbai transport body borrowing from civic body at high rates, alleges Maharashtra Navnirman Sena", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS party members in the Brihanmumbai Electricity Supply and Transport (Best) committee made fresh allegations on Tuesday saying that the transport body was borrowing Rs 1,600 crores from the Shiv Sen-controlled BMC at interest rates which were higher than the bank rates. Best officials have denied the charge.MNS member Kedar Hombalkar said, \"The proposal for taking a Rs 1,600-crore loan for a five-year period from the BMC was passed at the Best committee meeting on Monday. The compound interest we will pay for this loan is 12% (it comes to Rs 60 crore per month from the second year of repayment). But this is higher than the interest BEST has been paying for most of its previous loans -- which does not come to more than 10.5%.\"He alleged that the proposal was moved in a hurry and members, specially from the MNS, Congress and SP were not given adequate time to study the issue. He said that BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta had informed the panel that the interest rate was lower than the average rate of interest the undertaking paid for its previous loans. While Gupta was unavailable for comment, he had informed the panel on Monday that there were several short-term loans to the tune of Rs 1,900 crore and most of these will be repaid with the Rs 1,600 crore from the BMC. He said that the transport body was keen on reducing losses, breaking even by next March end and have a surplus budget in 2013-14. \"Our average rate of interest on some of the loans is 15% and this is 3% higher than what is being offered by the BMC,\" he had informed the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934808", "title": "'UK's changed policy has hurt many sentiments'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ten years after Britain ended its no-contact policy with Gujarat CM Narendra Modi , the decision has not gone down well with a few human rights activists.Fr Cedric Prakash sj, director of Ahmedabad-based human rights organization 'Prashant' has written a letter to UK high commissioner to India, James Bevan.Bevan had visited Ahmedabad on Monday and met Modi. The ambassador's visit came days after British foreign minister Hugo Swire asked his high commissioner in New Delhi to visit Gujarat and meet Modi and other senior figures.Bevan said in the meeting with Modi issues like increased business ties and speedy justice for families of the three British nationals killed in 2002 riots, and the position of minorities in Gujarat were discussed.\"The recent decision of the UK Government with regard to Gujarat has hurt the sentiments of many across the board; besides being morally flawed, one also has to question the timing of this decision,\" he has written in the letter.The letter further says, \"We have no doubt that there will be some petty business gains for Britain, but if Britain is serious, as your minister stated 'we want to support human rights and good governance in the state', then there is no doubt, that Britain must think differently and act differently.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16935361", "title": "3 dump man's body in hospital, escape", "text": "RAJKOT: Police are on a look out for three persons who brought a \"dead\" man to Rajkot Civil Hospital and escaped immediately on Tuesday morning.The trio came in an autorickshaw with a severely injured person and admitted him to the emergency ward of the civil hospital. One of the persons identified himself Montu Bharwad. However, when the attending doctors informed them that he had died, they soon escaped, leaving the body.According to police officials, the deceased has been identified as Bharat alias Lalo Karen, 25, a resident of city's Khodiyarpara area. The three persons told the doctors that Bharat was injured in an accident and they brought him for treatment. However, police investigation revealed that Bharat was murdered.Police have launched an investigation to find out if the three persons were involved in his murder. They are also analyzing CCTV footages to identify those persons who brought the body at the hospital.Deceased' brother Ashwin Karen has filed a complaint with Pradhyumannagar police station against unidentified persons in this regard.Police sources said Bharat was a divorcee and addicted to liquor. His father had purchased a new rickshaw for him, but he did not give any money to run the family. Few days ago, his father took away the rickshaw from him. Enraged, Bharat left his house and since then he was roaming around in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937887", "title": "I am no Kareena Kapoor: Sana Khan", "text": "Sana Khan, who has been quite active in the Southern film industry wants to remain an actor and doesn't want to venture into item songs. The actor, who has done a number in the film 'Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal' says, \"I don't want to become an item girl, I want to be an actor and want to remain so. I did it the song in DDDG because of Saroj ji; I have always been a fan of hers and when she asked me to do the song I didn't want to let go of the opportunity of working with her.\" She also adds, \"There is nothing wrong in doing item number in fact a lot of them are doing but when my priority is to be an actor why should I walk that path?\"Talking about her southern sojourn, Sana says, \"People think that when you work in the south you will be driving in a Ferrari in Mumbai but that's not true. The money depends on which category of actors you belong to it all depends on your market value. But it is true that Bollywood actors get paid more down south.\" So with Tamil, Telegu, Kannada and Malayalam films tucked in her kitty, is she happy to be a part of the industry? \"I enjoy working down south because they have proper schedules and there is enough free time after the shoots. But I also get stressed and preoccupied because I don't understand the language.\"And Sana makes no bones of it that she is looking for work in Bollywood. In fact, she says that her participation in a reality show will help her get more work as people will 'notice' her at the show. \"No leading lady in Bollywood has much to do in a film and I am no Kareena Kapoor who will have filmmakers write a Heroine for me,\" says the candid Sana going on to add, \"With all star kids being launched no new comers will get a chance in the industry now.\" But Sana also adds, \"It gets difficult to get a platform in the industry I you are not a star kid but at the end talent and creditability is what keeps you afloat. And cinema is not only about talent but luck too.\" And though Sana doesn't come from a filmy background, she is satisfied with what she has achieved so far, she says, \"We didn't even know a spot boy and so you can't compare me with the commercially successful stars but personally, I am in a happy space.\"So is there is anything or anyone that Sana is going to miss while she is locked away in a house with twelve other inmates for 3 months? To which Sana candidly replies, \"I will miss my maid the most.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934766", "title": "HC gets woman her job back after 15 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has got a woman her job back in the company which had fired her 15 years ago following her complaint against two fellow employees for sexual harassment at work place.An industrial tribunal had earlier ruled in the woman's favour and ordered the company where she worked -Lyka Labs Ltd to pay her Rs 50,000 towards compensation for sexual harassment, all wages, as well as, Rs 2,500 towards litigation cost. However, the tribunal did not accept her demand to reinstate her in the job, and the company agreed to pay the sum in lieu of reinstatement. Justice S R Brahmbhatt held that tribunal's decision to fetch her money was not enough, and ordered the company to reinstate her in her position.In this case, the woman had already put in 10 years of service as an operator, when she joined a new union called Gujarat Kamdar Mandal in 1995. She began facing problems after this. In 1995, she filed a complaint against two of her colleagues - Kirit Joshi and Pradip Patel, for sexual harassment at the work place.After she filed the complaint, the company leveled various charges including that of misbehaving against her. A chargesheet was served on her and an inquiry was set up, which culminated into order of her termination in 1997.She approached the tribunal, which ordered company to pay compensation in 2004. The tribunal did not order reinstatement after the company claimed that it did not have confidence in the employee after the incident. The next year, she moved the high court.After hearing the case, the high court pulled up the company for terminating the woman's service without any reason and for showing 'loss of confidence' in denying her reinstatement. The court noticed that more than 100 women were employed by the laboratory at its Panchmahal facility, and the company was not sensitive enough to take care of a woman employee's rights.\"It was management's duty to take care of the entire situation and provide appropriate safety and congenial working condition to the female employee. The dispensing with the services of the employee even on the ground of affording monetary compensation would definitely send a wrong signal which cannot be countenanced by any court of law and hence the direction in my view of denying reinstatement and granting compensation in lieu of reinstatement is wholly unjustified,\" Justice Brahmbhatt observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16934392", "title": "After her four-day stay, goddess bids adieu today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The four-day Durga Puja festivities reached their zenith during the Sandhi Puja - symbolises the death of demon king - Mahisasur, late on Monday night, followed by Shanti Havan on Tuesday. The star attraction of the day was 'Dhunuchi naach' in which dancers danced to the rhythm of the dhaak while carrying an earthen vessel filled with coconut husk, lobhaan and camphor tablets. People from different walks of life visited the puja pandals in large number to catch glimpse of Maa Durga and did farewell to her, till next year.This time, Goddess Durga visited her devotees riding on an elephant and will depart on a boat. According to Bengali folk lore, Goddess Durga going back to her abode on boat exemplifies good cultivation and immense water indicating a flood situation.On Tuesday, Hindus broke their nine-day long Navaratra fast. At many households and pandals, havans were carried out for the purification. On this day, the goddess Durga is worshipped in the form of Aparajita. Devotees offer sugarcane stalks and pray for well being and happiness of their family. On Mahanavami, Mahisasur Mardini puja was also observed where in Goddess Durga was decorated and worshipped in the form of Mahisasur Mardini Alankaram. Early on Tuesday morning, Kanya Puja was held at homes. Devotees worshipped young girls and offered them various delicacies.\"By worshipping young girls, we get a feeling that Goddess Durga is physically present amongst us. This gives us strength to fight against all evils,\" said Radha Kumari, a housewife. In the evening, the food joints in the city were crowded with people after they ended their fast. \"It's now time for a feast and celebrate Dusherra with the family,'' said Anuradha Khanna, a professional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16934343", "title": "The island of delusion", "text": "PANAJI: \"After 18 long and hectic days, we have finally finished shooting The Hunt for the Kingfisher Calendar Girl 2013... super experience\" tweeted an understandably fatigued Sidhartha Mallya a couple of weeks ago to his followers. As we all know from personal experience, it is difficult and no doubt incredibly stressful, to have to choose girls in bikinis for calendars; only the truly worthy can make it and the process needs to be rigorous and transparent, given the enormity of the stakes involved. Vijay Mallya himself has not been in the country, having been last seen publicly, if reports are to be believed, overseeing the hub of his business empire - his thriving racing car franchise - at a crucial motorcycling event in Korea. The employees of his airline have been busy too, thinking about their future, and wondering if their past dues will ever be settled, now that the company seems to be winding down. Everyone has problems, it seems.There used to be a time when the idea of a business collapsing, and the thought of leaving thousands of employees in the lurch would have carried with it a sense of having failed them, and perhaps even a feeling of having dishonoured an implicit and perhaps sacred pact. It would be normal for some effort to be made, even if purely for purposes of maintaining appearances, to come through as being burdened by the responsibility of failing so many people and of having a deep sense of sympathy for those affected. Clearly, those times have passed. When a Sidhartha Mallya chirps about playing volleyball with 12 girls in bikinis, in the midst of the meltdown of his company, we know that a spiritual sense of detachment has been visiting him, albeit in unusual ways.The Mallyas are not alone in being able to separate their sense of fun from the collapse of their reputations. Robert Vadra, too, showed us how a sense of humour need not get buried under a few allegations of impropriety. He too, went social with wit and unerring timing; giving us a glimpse of his view of the people that have put his in-laws in power as well as of the country as a whole. It does take some gall to call the country ruled by one's family for generations a banana republic, and it is clear that along with muscles, abs, biceps, triceps and other items of musculature, all of which have been well documented, Vadra possesses cheek in ample measure.Something has changed. For some time now, it is clear that the pre-reform view of wealth needing to mutter in hushed tones has given way to a new comfort with displaying what one has without apology. The rich flaunt their riches in their homes, their visible material possessions and at events like weddings, where the bills can run into tens, even hundreds of crores. But what we are seeing now takes this one step further. For this is not just about enjoying what one has without inhibition; this is about looking down on those who don't with dismissive contempt.There are many factors at work here. The centrality of money in our lives has made its possession legitimate and universally aspired to. The currency of money democratizes aspirations, allowing everyone a shot at it, at least in theory. Attitudes have changed, and money is no longer the presumptive contaminant it once was. More importantly, the sense that the world is a zero-sum game, where one person's riches can exist only by making many others poor, has begun to give way to one where opportunities for growth are seen to be available to many more.But the impunity of the rich is a result of something else, over and above all these reasons. It comes from being able to detach oneself from the rest of the country and by arrogating to oneself the right to represent it. By making economic growth and the abstract notion of national wealth the centrepiece of our self-definition, the interests of the rich become synonymous with those of the country. Policy paralysis, that phrase so commonly used to describe state inaction, has almost exclusively to do with the concerns of business. The idea of reform too, has come to mean the liberalization of economic policy restraints on organized business. Media has played a role, by making money and the moneyed not only legitimate but almost hallowed. The hard-wired criticism of yesterday has been replaced quite dramatically by a fawning and uncritical sense of adulation, aided by a growing alignment of interest between the media and the wealthy. The lives of the rich are discussed admiringly, and every act of indulgence greeted with applause. The rich, if so inclined, find it easy to live on an island of delusion, aided by media and feted by the public that is visible to them.When some prominent business houses can take a filmmaker to court for using their family names inappropriately in the lyrics of a song, it is time to think. Not because the complainants may not have a good reason for being aggrieved, because in a strictly technical sense they probably do, but because it shows a new form of intolerance, and an inability to understand that in a society marked by deep inequality, such symbolic attacks on the rich are an essential form of safety valve, and need to be accepted.And it is not only about the rich. Even the educated elite show signs that the India outside their own cultural comprehension is being imagined as a burden that they must carry. The distaste for a larger reality, and the ability to believe in the absoluteness of one's individual vantage point, might get most spectacularly displayed in the likes of Mallya &amp; Vadra but this delusion is more widespread than that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939538", "title": "Vashu Bhagnani wants to set up studio in MP, meets CM", "text": "Bollywood film producer Vashu Bhagnani has expressed a wish to set up a state-of-the-art film studio in Madhya Pradesh and held a meeting with state Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan in this regard, a government press release said.Bhagnani held a meeting with Chouhan in the state capital yesterday, it said.The chief minister has assured him of seriously considering the proposal and said that there were immense possibilities to set up film studios in Madhya Pradesh as a number of films have been shot in Bhopal.Bhagnani, who urged Chouhan to make available land to establish film studios in Indore and Bhopal , said he planned to construct such a studio, where a number of films can be shot at the same time.An amount of Rs 500 crore is planned to be invested for the construction of a studio in the first phase, which will generate employment opportunities directly and indirectly, the press release quoted Bhagnani as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16941296", "title": "BBMP corporator's murder: Karnataka HC rejects bail to two 'supari ' killers", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court has rejected bail to two persons, involved in day light murder of BBMP corporator Nataraj in October last year.\"A perusal of the charge sheet specifies that the accused are part of an organized crime.Accused no.3 (one of the petitioner)caused grievous injury to the deceased on his face and chest by using a long (weapon).The other petitioner(accused no 11 ) was waiting in a bike and fled the scene along with the other after committing crime.Further, these two have committed this crime by accepting a sum of Rs 40,000 each.The nature of crime is heinous and against the society.Mere delay in commencing trial and certain technical defects in the investigation are not grounds for granting bail \" Justice H N Nagamohan Das has observed while rejecting the bail petitions filed by Vijay Kumar alias Viji and Mahesha.The petitioners had contended that they were being kept in judicial custody since October 9 last year and there is no identification parade done till today.S Nataraj, a Congress corporator from Gandhinagar ward , was riding a two-wheeler on Malleswaram bridge at around 11.30 a.m. when he was allegedly waylaid by the gang which had been following him in a car.The gang members then got out of the car and attacked Nataraj with sharp edged weapons , leaving him profusely bleeding on the road. He, succumbed to his injuries and died at a private Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16935825", "title": "Probe panel an eyewash: Khemka", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka on Tuesday said the committee set up to probe his order on Robert Vadra-DLF land deal could be an \"eyewash\". He also lashed out at his fellow IAS officers, who, according to Khemka, have become \"greater than god\".In an interview to TOI, Khemka said his order cancelling the mutation Vadra-DLF land deal was binding on the government till the Punjab and Haryana high court sets it aside or modify it. \"As per law, government is not empowered to review this order,\" he added.\"In case my order is not implemented, the officers concerned should be proceeded against,\" said the officer. The state government has not implemented Khemka's order after deputy commissioner of Gurgaon P C Meena on October 16 informed it that the \"mutation of Vadra's land in favour of DLF was correct\". The government has announced that Meena's letter would be examined by the three-member probe panel headed by additional chief secretary Krishna Mohan.Khemka said, \"The constitution of the (probe) committee is unfortunate. It is usurpation of the jurisdiction of the HC. Rather than setting up committees of IAS officers and reacting in the media, the government should draft a petition (to file in the court). Unfortunately, IAS officers have become greater than god. They seem to have acquired a bigger role than that allotted to them under the Constitution.\"\"On October 15, I had cancelled the mutation of the land deal, which was previously executed without jurisdiction. Interestingly, no party is aggrieved till date about the cancellation of the mutation. But somebody working for the government is peeved at it. I don't know his motive. However, I don't deny his right to challenge my order. But the right course is approaching the high court,\" he added.\"My order of October 12 was passed under Indian Registration Act. There is no question of review, revisiting or modifying the said order by the government under law. If anybody is aggrieved, he should approach the HC in writ petition. In fact, there is no aggrieved party in this case. If anybody has undervalued registration, he should face the music,\" the 1991 batch IAS officer said.Khemka on October 12 had asked four deputy commissioners of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Palwal and Mewat to probe land deals of Vadra executed since 2005.Khemka was transferred from land consolidation department to Haryana Seed Development Corporation managing director on October 11 after he initiated a probe into the Vadra-DLF deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933328", "title": "Now, IPL-type Indian Badminton League", "text": "NEW DELHI: Call it the Saina effect. Badminton is all set to take a superfast shuttle to new heights with the launch of the Indian Badminton League (IBL), a million-dollar event which could change of the face of the sport worldwide.The IBL, based on a franchise model and tentatively scheduled to be held from January 20 to February 11 next year, would have $1 million (approx Rs 5.5 crore) as prize money, the highest for any badminton tournament in the world, sources close to the event told TOI on Tuesday.Encouraged by the reaction of the public as well as that of sponsors to the success of Indian players, particularly Saina Nehwal , in recent times, the Badminton Association of India (BAI) has planned to hold the event more or less on the lines of the Indian Premier League.Sources said the event, which will have six city-based franchises, would try to rope in top players from countries like China, South Korea, Singapore and Malaysia and other country with \"hefty appearance fees\".Former India stars like Pullela Gopichand and Pradeep Gandhe are part of the governing council of the IBL which has BAI's president Akhilesh Das Gupta as chairman.Badminton legend Prakash Padukone has been approached to come on board as an advisor. BAI has asked Sporty Solutionz Pvt Limited to plan and execute the event.Sources said the IBL organizers are planning to rope in Bollywood stars like Aamir Khan and Deepika Padukone , daughter of Prakash, besides former cricketer Sunil Gavaskar, a former member of the IPL governing council.\"Aamir is known to be an avid badminton fan and has always encouraged Saina (Nehwal), while Deepika not only carries the famous Padukone surname but was a state-level player herself,\" sources said.They added that Aamir was most likely to be offered the 'brand ambassador' role for IBL and Deepika will most probably be one of the city-based franchisee owners. \"Gavaskar is being approached to play a big role in the IBL.\"When contacted, IBL governing council member Gandhe, who's the president of Maharashtra Badminton Association, the nodal agency for the event, told TOI that he was not aware of details for the event since Sporty Solutionz Pvt Limited was in charge of executing it.\"We are holding this tournament with some goals in mind. First, it's aimed at creating more and more opportunities for Indian players. Then, it will help participation of top players in India which is good for the sport in the country. It will also help upcoming players as they would be getting a chance to play the world's top stars,\" said Gandhe, winner of two bronze medals in the 1982 Asian Games.Times ViewThe launch of a badminton league along the lines of the IPL is a most welcome development. Along with the fact that India had its largest haul of medals at the recent Olympics, it is a sign of the fact that the country is beginning to make strides in sports other than cricket.For any sports lover, that is good news. None of the sports should be seen as competing with each other. On the contrary, the more a variety of sports flourish, the more each will get enriched by a genuine culture of sports and physical fitness, as the Australian example illustrates so well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16935194", "title": "Ravan finds safe haven in Cuttack pandal on Dussehra", "text": "CUTTACK: The entire nation celebrates Dussehra by burning the effigy of Ravan to mark the victory of good over evil, but a family in Cuttack worships the demon king with great reverence on the occasion.The Moharana family, residing at Thoria Sahi, has been worshipping Ravan for the last 75 years. The family does not consider Ravan a negative figure as depicted in the Ramayana, but think him to be a great scholar. A huge idol of Ravan has been installed at a special pandal near the Moharanas' house and is being worshipped since Ashtami. \"For us he is not a demon but a great scholar of his time who had vast knowledge of the Vedas and Puranas. For us he is similar to god,\" said Kalindi Moharana, head of the family.The tradition of worshipping Ravan during Dussehra was started by Kalindi's father Keshav in 1937 and it has continued since then. \"My father had started the custom and after his death I have continued the puja. I am hopeful that my sons will also keep the tradition alive,\" said Kalindi.The unique idol is made of wood and iron, instead of clay. While iron frames make the head of Ravan, his limbs are crafted out of wood. Every year, the frame is assembled and given the shape of Ravan on Sashti and he is worshipped from Ashtami. A priest chants mantras and offers 'prasad' to the deity.\"Unlike other idols, it is not immersed. We dismantle the frame on the occasion of 'Kumar Purnima' after offering special prasad to the deity,\" said Kalindi.No one has ever objected to the worship of Ravan in the area, claimed Kalindi and residents of the area extend full cooperation to the family in making the pandal and the idol. Every year, curious pandal-hoppers throng the pandal in droves to catch a glimpse of the Ravan. \"The idea of worshipping Ravan sounds astonishing to people. So many revelers flock to the place to see the statue of the demon king,\" said Sarat Das, a resident of Thoria Sahi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16941416", "title": "After crashing out in 2011, Glock up for challenge this time", "text": "MUMBAI: Having crashed out of the inaugural edition fo the Indian Grand Prix last year, Marussia-Cosworth F1 team driver Timo Glock says he is determined to do well this time around.Glock is impressed with the Buddh International Circuit and said that though the track was a challenging one it provides you with lot of options.\"Last year I went out unfortunately, let's see what we can do (this year),\" the German driver told PTI here today.\"The circuit has a lot of unique qualities which makes it special. The track is quite wide which gives you lot of (overtaking) options. It is challenging but has a very nice drive. I hope they didn't do any track changes. I look forward to be back again,\" Glock said.Glock who is currently placed at 19th position in the drivers standing, however, said the heat factor can make the weekend race quite demanding.\"It is not the most challenging (GP), but the combination with the heat can make it quite demanding for everyone,\" he pointed out.The German racer who is the lead driver of the low-ranked Marussia-Cosworth said the smaller teams find it tough to compete with the teams having big budget.\"It is very difficult to close the gap. The big guys have 200-300 million euros and we have 60 million euros. So it is very difficult,\" he said.Glock, though, said the team will look to finish within top-ten among the 12 participating teams, which will ensure a better budget for them next year.\"Every race which comes up now is very important for us. We are trying to keep the tenth place in the constructors standings this year, which will give us more money for next year. The only way to move forward is to have a better budget. This is what we are targeting,\" he said.Glock who stood 12th at the Singapore GP , his best finish so far in the season, was modest enough to admit that he had some luck going in his favour that day.He added that he will aim to break into the top-10 drivers standing next year.\"Singapore was quite special for us. We had a very good strategy and I did well. We managed 12th position. There were couple of cars out of way, so we had some luck.\"Our target is to be in top-ten (drivers) by next year. It will be quite difficult but we will try our best,\" Glock said.The German, who started his F1 career in 2004 with Jordan and later moved to Toyota, said the Marussia team is a bit different.\"It is very different. At Toyota we had a lot of possibilities, big budget, lots of people working. It was a different scenario. Things changed and Toyota decided to step out which was a shame, I think, at that time. It is different here. But still I see possibilities here to move up and make it better,\" Glock insisted.He admitted lack of Kinetic Energy Recovery System in their cars is a disadvantage compared to the other teams.KERS converts energy generated under braking and turns it into additional power.\"That is our downside that we don't have KERS at the moment. That was the downside for us in the race in Korea. I was fighting against (Heikki) Kovalainen and he used the KERS system which gave him more power. So I had no chance to take him over. That was the trouble, but we will try to have it next year which should help us,\" he said.Asked about the F1 being flooded by German drivers, the 30-year-old said, \"I have no idea why we have so many German drivers. Probably because of Michael Schumacher who got the ball rolling. We have a good school in Germany for go-karting and moving up to Formula 1. Maybe that is the reason why we have so many German drivers.\"Asked if more night races should be introduced, like the one in Singapore, he said, \"I don't think it is possible for every track. The show is very good and very positive. Let us see what they come up with but I would prefer it. I like night races.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16944130", "title": "Surat starts dressing up for Diwali", "text": "SURAT: Navratri over, the diamond city has started dressing up for Diwali. Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has undertaken large scale painting and marking works on bridges and major roads in the city. Surat has nearly a road length of 200 km along with 20 bridges and flyovers. In addition to these are 30 more bridges including the railway over bridges. All these are being painted and marked ahead of the festival of lights.\"This exercise is undertaken on regular basis. It is required for keeping roads and bridges operational. In addition to this Surat must appeal to the eyes of the people. When we are considered one of the cleanest cities with best infrastructure, we must live up to the reputation,\" said an official from bridge cell of the SMC.The divider steps are being colored and line markers are made pronounced with white paint for making it easy for the vehicle drivers to maintain their lanes. \"The purpose is to make citizens and vehicle owners aware of traffic laws and urge them not to break them while making the city more presentable,\" said city engineer Jatin Shah. An official went on to say that with elections scheduled after Diwali, a large number of politicians and other prominent personalities from other parts of the country are expected to visit the city. \"If the first impression of the city is good and pleasing to eyes of those people, the respect for it along with its residents also increases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16934444", "title": "Congress new action plan aims at strengthening party and cadre in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Getting into the mission mode after Congress's FDI rally in New Delhi, the Uttar Pradesh wing of the party has readied an action plan that the party will implement over the next three months. On one hand, the zonal units of the party are already at work restructuring the party's unit down to city levels, on the other UP Congress Committee president Nirmal Khatri has advised the state leadership to push for better implementation of all Centrally-funded schemes that are being implemented in UP.Focussing their attention, for starters, on schemes operating in rural UP the party will take up the implementation of its flagship scheme, the national rural employment guarantee scheme. At a meeting between the party's state president, state and district officials, the Congress decided it will protest the low utilisation of Central government funds during the first six months of 2012-13. Speaking to TOI, member of All India Congress Committee and chairman of MGNREGS Monitoring Committee, Sanjay Dixit said: \"Congress workers will now adopt one nyay panchayat in every Tehsil and will ensure we submit adequate demand for work. In other words, we will ensure all jobs seekers are given 100 days of employment.\"Dixit also said the party will take up the issue of non-payment of dues amounting to Rs 104 crore that Uttar Pradesh failed to settle during 2011-12. The pending payments include dues for material bills as well as payment for labour, of which about Rs 68 crore was due against wages alone. Saying that the 10 districts of Jaunpur, Kushinagar, Mau, Maharajganj, Pratapgarh, Siddharth Nagar, Azamgarh, Bareilly, Basti and Badaun are the worst-affected by the pendency, Dixit also said the party has decided to give the state government until November 21 to settle the dues. \"If pendency of dues persists after November 21, the beneficiaries who have not been paid their wages, along with workers of the Congress, will stage a sit-in outside Vidhan Sabha,\" Dixit said.With the Centre raising the pitch for a social audit into the flagship scheme, the Congress has also demanded that the annual action plan of every gram panchayat be displayed prominently on a wall in the village. Releasing data about the amount of money being released for each gram panchayat will lead, Congress leaders said, to an automatic social audit.Though the NREGS will occupy a significant portion of the party's focus, state officials will also review and keep tab on the implementation of other Centrally-funded schemes like the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY), the Integrated Action Plan, the ongoing socio-economic and caste census and the National Social Assistance Programme.In September elected representatives of the Congress party expressed dissatisfaction to Khatri over the implementation of as many as 16 Central government schemes that were operating in UP. The MLAs said many schemes, like PMGSY for rural roads and NEDA schemes for solar electrification, among others, were implemented without taking local leaders into confidence, with funds, in many cases, lying unspent. In a bid to correct such a situation, the party's new action plan will now also involve more workers at the grassroots, a move, leaders feel will strengthen the party's presence in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16937403", "title": "Maharashtra govt plans new policy for 'green cover'", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra government plans to formulate a new social forestry policy which will be implemented in non-forest areas of the state to increase green cover.\"In Maharashtra, the forest land is about 19 to 20 per cent, which comes under the forest department. The social forestry department has decided to provide green cover to 80% non-forest area and will elicit co-operation from the local self government bodies in this endeavour,\" officials in the social forestry department told PTI.Water conservation minister Nitin Raut, who holds the charge of social forestry, has appointed a study group headed by former chief secretary Arun Bongirwar to formulate the social forestry policy.\"The study group comprises 18 members from revenue, forest, agriculture departments, social forestry, pollution control board and municipal corporations of Pune, Nagpur, Mumbai, private enterprises and environment consultants, including Bongirwar. The first meeting of this committee will be held on November 23,\" the officials informed.The study group will formulate the new policy and include concepts of community forestry, village parks, urban forestry like tree plantations along the roads, ponds and all public spots, green belt by beautification of industrial areas, farm and agro-forestry like tree plantation near farm ponds, road side plantation, tree credit, bamboo plantation, development and marketing among others.\"The idea is to propagate a new theme that wherever there is land, there should be greenery,\" officials said.Tree credit is a new concept, which the study group will advise the government on increasing public participation in social forestry and how the public can get income from the trees planted by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "16935612", "title": "Tax arrears get mall gate sealed", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: High drama was witnessed at Ansal Plaza, a mall on Ferozepur Road, when municipal corporation officers sealed its rear gate for non-payment of house tax of Rs 2.92 crore on Tuesday evening. The officers left the mall after its authorities assured them that payment would be made by Friday.Around 5.30pm, an MC team comprising additional commissioner Davinder Singh; zone A commissioner Kamlesh Bansal; joint commissioner Ajay Sood and house tax superintendent Hartej Singh and police force reached the mall and started getting its showrooms vacated to seal the plaza. The two-hour drama shocked the visitors. Davinder said, \"The mall authorities have assured to make payment by Friday.\" Faced with a financial crisis, the MC has of late got strict with house tax defaulters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16933397", "title": "Kejriwal, Annie Kohli bury their \u2018differences\u2019", "text": "NOIDA: High drama was witnessed at the India Against Corruption meeting in Noida on Tuesday noon when, for the second time in two days, 55-year-old Annie Kohli, who claims to be a supporter of Anna Hazare , confronted Arvind Kejriwal. She asked how some \"members of his anti-graft movement were dubbing her as an agent of political parties\" and demanding that Kejriwal also \"clarify his line of action\"Claiming to have been \"mistreated by some IAC volunteers at the Mumbai airport on October 21, Kohli arrived at lawyer and IAC member Prashant Bhushan's house in Sector 14 in Noida around 12.20pm. While Kejriwal and others were in a meeting, she demanded to be let in.Following the commotion, Kejriwal came out and tried to pacify her. Kohli demanded an explanation on how could the IAC volunteers manhandle her at the Mumbai airport when all she had tried to do was \"try to meet him.\" Even as Kejriwal offered an apology and took her inside the house to talk and meet with other members, Kohli asked him to clarify his line of action. \"You call yourself a crusader politician. I want to know if you are a crusader or a politician, for the two are entirely different things,\" Kohli said.However, soon after, Kejriwal and Kohli came out of the house along with Yogendra Yadav and claimed to have resolved the issue.\"While he had refused to recognize me two days ago, Arvind has apologized for the behaviour of the IAC volunteers. He has also promised to look into the matter and talk to Mayank Gandhi who was present at the airport at the time,\" Kohli said. \"I don't really have any differences with him on the issue of corruption and I just wanted him to clarify his role and line of action. While I am not with him on his decision to float a political party, I support his anti-graft movement,\" she said.Apologizing to Kohli for the alleged misbehavior at the Mumbai airport, Kejriwal said that he will appeal to all IAC volunteers and supporters to \"not to behave like this again.\" \"If we do so, then what is the difference between us and other parties?\" he said.\"I met Annie Kohli for around ten minutes and she seemed to have some genuine concerns. All of us, including Arvind Kejriwal , heard her out and resolved the matter. She ultimately agreed that while there is a difference in opinion between her and us, our objective is the same,\" said IAC member and senior fellow at CSDS, Yogendra Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933277", "title": "2 days on, University of Hyderabad\u2019s school of economics scouts for funds", "text": "HYDERABAD: The much-awaited school of economics of University of Hyderabad (UoH) does not seem to have a proper plan of action laid out for the future. The school, which was inaugurated on October 22, is in a nascent stage with the authorities unsure of the source of funding needed to make the project viable. While the seed money of Rs 30 crore is expected to come from the budget of the XII five-year plan of University Grants Commission (UGC), the officials will now have to go knocking on the doors of ICSSR, National Planning Commission and even public sector banks for funds to set the project sail.The school of economics, which was first christened Hyderabad School of Economics during the time of former vice-chancellor Seyed E Hasnain, was to be developed on the lines of Harvard School of Economics and Delhi School of Economics. However, currently the school has not even set an academic agenda for itself. While the present vice-chancellor, Ramakrishna Ramaswamy, is targeting setting up of multiple MA programmes, the faculty members have set research as the key area of focus. With the school currently functioning from the infrastructure facilities of the school of social sciences (SSS), setting up of more MA programmes might not be a viable option, a faculty member said.The initial plan of the faculty members is to set up common research programmes for collaborative research. \"However, with conflict of interest reigning high, the school's initial academic blueprint might have to be reset. A vision document has already been prepared. But changes are inevitable,\" a source said. Talking to TOI, Ramaswamy said that it would be interesting to see multiple MA programmes and diversification. \"However, the academic agenda should be set by the faculty members of the school and not by the administration. The VC's proposals are only a reference point, but the faculty members to decide what the actual agenda should be,\" added Ramaswamy.The school has come into existence after many hiccups. While the idea of setting up a school was floated by Syed E Hasnain as part of his educational development agenda, the plan was not revisited by the current VC for months after taking charge. It was in November 2010 that the executive council of the university approved the proposal for turning the department of economics, which was till then part of the school of social sciences, into school of economics. While Ramaswamy took charge on June 1, 2011, the meetings which lead to the inauguration of the school started only a couple of months ago. \"Few seminars and meetings were held and the decision was taken to start the school. The faculty members took the initiative for the first meetings,\" said a source. Interestingly, in the early stages in 2010, the faculty members of the school were not even involved in decision making.Observers said that the current impasse might further weaken with some of the brains behind the project leaving the university. \"Y V Reddy, economist and former governor, RBI was a major force behind the inception of a separate school. He has already requested to be relieved of duties as professor par excellence,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937799", "title": "Sharmila Tagore off to get her doctorate from Edinburgh", "text": "Son Saif Ali Khan's wedding celebration completed, the lovely Sharmila Tagore now sets out on another mission. She will be awarded an honorary doctorate by the Napier University on 25 October.Quite an achievement for someone who dropped out of college before graduation to pursue a career as an actor. From Edinburgh Sharmila shall precede to London and Prague to visit her late husband the Nawab of Pataudi's friends.Said the lovely Ms Tagore, \"This honour means a lot to me since I chose not to educate myself through the conventional route of institution-based learning. It proves one can be self-taught. I dropped out of college before graduation. I opted to begin work as an actress.\"The actress, known to have a discernibly intellectual image feels education need not come from a college. \"The fact that I am getting a doctorate in spite of being a college drop-out proves that the world can be your university. If you seek learning, it meets you somewhere down the road. I am not saying education is not important. It is essential for emotional and intellectual growth. But it needn't come from academic textbooks.\"Sharmila, exhausted after the family wedding, left for the UK on Monday with a heavy heart. The death of Yash Chopra left her saddened. \"Yash had written a letter to me saying he was shooting abroad and couldn't come for the wedding reception. Then comes this devastating news. I've lost another friend. That's another link with the past broken. My heart goes out to the family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16934370", "title": "Soft loans for non-government institutions", "text": "The government of Goa provides soft loans in order to support non-government aided and non-grant-in-aid institutions with upgradation and maintenance of infrastructural facilities. Run by the department of higher education, this scheme provides special preference to institutions in Canacona, Pernem, Sattari, Sanquelim, Quepem, Bicholim and Sanguem talukas.Eligibility criteriaThe society which runs the institution should be registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860The institutions seeking loans under this scheme should either be affiliated to the Goa University or recognized by a statutory body under the government of India or the government of GoaThe institutions should be in operation for at least 10 years, preceding the date of application for loanThe institution should have a minimum strength of 300 students on campusIn the last three years out of five years immediately preceding the date of application for loan, the average passing percentage of the institution should not be below 60%Quantum of assistanceThe maximum amount of loan granted to each institution under this scheme is 1 crore and is repayable over a period of 10 years at an interest rate of 6% per annumDocuments requiredApplication form available at the office of the directorate of higher educationProfile of student enrollment for the previous five yearsCopy of registration certificate of the society that runs the institutionCopy of the last audit report of the society's accountsCopy of sale deed/long lease deed or any other document which indicates the ownership of the land where the institution building standsProcedure for applicationThe above-mentioned documents should be submitted along with the application form at the office of the directorate of higher education and following the scrutiny from an assigned panel, the institutions will be selected and the loan amount sanctionedDisbursement of loan amountThe loan amount is disbursed in the following manner:50% of the loan amount will be released immediately on the issue of sanction order by the directorate of higher education40% of the loan amount will be released upon production of a certificate from any government-registered engineer, duly signed by a chartered accountant and head of the institution, to the effect that the first installment of 50% has been fully utilized for the purpose for which it was grantedThe balance 10% of the loan amount is disbursed following submission of utilization, completion and occupancy certificatesRepayment of loanThe repayment of loan starts in the seventh month from the date of sanction of loan, irrespective of whether the project has been completed or notThe infrastructural work must start within six months from the date of sanctioning the loan, failing which loan sanctioned will be recovered immediatelyThe installment is payable on the 15th day of every month till the loan amount is fully repaidIn the event of default on the part of the institution to repay the loan installment within 15 days of the date on which it is due, the loanee institution must pay the loan at an enhanced rate of 12% interest, and the further monthly installments of remaining loan amount are also calculated at the rate of 12% per annumAddress/Contact detailsDirectorate of higher education, 5th floor, Junta House, Panaji, Goa - 403001Phone: 0832-2425585Email: dir-dhe.goa@nic.inIf you need more details on the procedures mentioned above, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji-403001", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16935301", "title": "Mystic tribal music tradition continues to enchant Jeypore", "text": "KORAPUT: Tribal music is an integral part of Durga Puja in Jeypore, the erstwhile kingdom of the Jeypore zamindari.The tradition of welcoming the goddess with tribal music is traced back to 1st century BC during the reign of the Jeypore kings. Performers reach Jeypore before the puja begins and stay there for the five-day celebration.Tribal people also join in the festival, bare-footed and carrying lathis, or bamboo sticks, which are considered sacred and represent village deities. A total of five musicians accompany each deity. \"For the past 15 years, I am coming to Jeypore during Dussehra to play nagara. Earlier, my father used to come with the deities,\" said Damburu Penka of Puriguda village. Penka had to trek 100 km from his village to reach Jeypore with the village deities.Nagaras (drums), mahuri (trumpet) and dhol are some of the traditional instruments used in the occasion. Nagaras are earthen pots fitted with animal skin and tied all round with strings and produce melodious sound when drummed with sticks is made of wild buffalo horns.Mahuri is a metal trumpet made by the locals. There are two types of trumpets in the ensemble. While one has a long neck with a silver metallic hollow pipe, the other is a five-piece set. \"The five pieces include a leaf made of reeds, a flute, a metallic blower and whistling neck and fitting strings. One needs enough strength to blow it. It is played for around 30 minutes,\" said Sambhu Harijan, a musician.According to the musicians, specific tunes are played for different rituals.A mahuria (trumpet blower) initiates the mangala baja and others in the band follow. If a mahuria becomes part of the troupe that plays during the pujas, he is respected by all back home.Dhamak is another kind of drum used by the performers here. The top of a hollow wooden log is fitted with goat skin to make this drum. The smallest among these instruments is a drum called tudubudi. The music played here during the puja is very unique to this place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934721", "title": "Mercury dips across state", "text": "JAIPUR: The active western disturbances brought mild to moderate showers accompanied with hail storm in the state which resulted in mercury dipping. Jaipur Met office said that the mercury would take a drastic dip in the next couple of days when rain and hail storm are expected in the northern and eastern parts of the state. Attributing the climatic change to the vanishing of upper air cyclonic circulation and northerly winds the Met office said that winters will settle in the western Rajasthan in the next couple of days. In Jaipur it will take almost a week to witness winters.Jaipurities woke up to a comparatively chilly morning on Tuesday as a minimum temperature of 21.4 degrees Celsius was recorded in the morning. Earlier the city was witnessing minimum temperature ranging from 23 degrees Celsius to 24 degrees Celsius. In the afternoon chilly winds were witnessed amidst cloudy conditions. However, mild showers up to 0.3 mm were recorded in the evening in some parts of the city which further dipped the temperature.Mount Abu in the hills while Sriganganagar in the plains remained coldest in the state and recorded a minimum temperature of 12.4 and 16.3 degrees Celsius, respectively. It was followed by Churu that recorded a minimum temperature of 17.4 degrees Celsius and Udaipur recorded 17.6, Chittorgarh 18.4, Pilani 18.7, Kota 19.6, Jodhpur 20.8, Bikaner 21 and Ajmer recorded a minimum temperature of 21.4 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16933392", "title": "Delhi cop shot dead in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three people, including a Delhi Police sub-inspector and a sportsman, were killed in a shootout in Sarai Inayat area of Allahabad on Tuesday evening. The incident was said to be the fallout of an old enmity, police claimed. Three associates of the victims also suffered gunshot wounds and were admitted to a hospital in a critical condition.The deceased were identified as Kapil Muni \u2014 an SI of Delhi Police, Santosh Misra - a member of Handball national squad and their unidentified associate.Reports said the shooting took place around 7:30pm in Katra Kokwa village of Sarai Inayat area. A group of men were reportedly standing outside a house when assailants opened indiscriminate fire at them from automatic weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16934777", "title": "Bhopal idol-maker comes up with eco-friendly Durga", "text": "BHOPAL: An idol of godess Durga installed in the pandal of Arera Bangiya Parishad pandal at Old Campion ground is setting an example for eco-friendly idols for the future.The life-sized idol is made from wires, plywood, adhesive and 4 kilos of newspaper, said its maker Pradeep Ghosh.Ghosh, 46, a social worker has attempted the feat for the first time. Speaking about his inspiration for the idol he said, \"People only talk about eco-friendly stuff but no one actually shows a way out or does anything about it. This year, I thought why not attempt something which could show the way for the future which is environment-friendly?\"It took him two and a half days to complete the full idol with the asura and a lion. His 17-year-old daughter Piuli helped him to make the crown and the weapons.\"When I started making the idol on Chaturthi, I didn't expect it to materialize so well. I had installed the idol at the puja premised on the Shashti eve,\" he said.Calling it experimentation on his part, Ghosh described how he made the structure. \"I had plywood of about 6 ft long and 2.5 ft wide. This I used as the base over which the structure was mounted. The rough frame work was done with wires over which the crumpled newspaper base was attached. Each body part was made separately. Finally, to give it a neat finish, a single sheet of newspaper was stuck over the structure,\" he said.\"The idol is not just eco-friendly, but the expenditure is minimal as well. This could pave the way over the POP idols which are not biodegradable. Also many were sceptical that only a small size of the idol could be formed but even that is laid to rest now,\" Ghosh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16934974", "title": "No place for Mao views in key party document", "text": "BEIJING: Wary of disgraced Chinese Communist Party leader Bo Xilai staging a comeback with pro-Maoist rhetoric at a later stage, the Party, which is holding its Congress next month to select once in a decade leadership, dropped \"Mao thoughts\" from a key document, according to a media report on Tuesday.The 24 member strong Politburo which met under the leadership of President Hu Jintao here on Monday to finalize crucial documents to be adopted by the forthcoming 18th Congress party dropped references to founder leader Mao's thoughts.While highlighting several guiding tenets of party doctrines by President Hu Jintao, his predecessors Jiang Zemin and Deng Xiaoping, \"Mao Zedong thought\", one key term missing was missing from the document. This absence has led some China watchers to wonder whether Party might be moving to play down the philosophy of its late patriarch in the 18th national party congress, Hong Kong based South China Morning Post reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939894", "title": "Rajini's idea turns into album", "text": "Actor Y Gee Mahendra might not be acting as much in films as he did in the 80s but he is still going strong as a theatre artist. The actor, who is related to Superstar Rajinikanth, also has a relatively unknown talent \u2014 whistling!The actor feels that while whistling is a pick-me-up, it also promotes feelings of happiness. It is impossible to be miserable and depressed whilst whistling. He followed this strategy of whistling and has compiled a music album comprising the compositions of Mellisai Mannargal Viswananthan-Ramamoorthy. Whistle Away Your Memories, a new music album compiled by Y Gee Mahendra, was released recently by MSV himself while maestro Ilaiyaraaja received the audio CD.Interestingly, we hear it was Rajinikanth who gave him the idea of bringing out an album showcasing his whistling talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939263", "title": "Indians' love for films shocked me, says Filipino director", "text": "Filipino director Brillante Mendoza, whose \" Captive\" was screened at the 14th Mumbai Film Festival (MFF), is amazed to see the love of Indian audience for cinema.\"I have been to India several times. First time I was in India I was in New Delhi when I was presented an award then I was in Mumbai three years back and now again I am here. Then next month I will be in Goa. I like the film culture of the people in India. I like the energy, I like the interest of the people in films,\" Mendoza told.\"When I was in Delhi I was shocked... Indian people just love films, it was shocking to see that a cinema house was jam packed and people were sitting on the stairs and wanting to see the film,\" he said.Though Mendoza has been to India several times but he has not seen many Indian or Bollywood films. \"I am not really into Indian films much. I did see movies but I don't remember names... the one that I remember to have seen is 'Slumdog Millionaire'. I am more interested in doing films than watching,\" he said. The director says that in their country they are exposed to Hollywood films and not world cinema.\"The exposure that we have in Philippines is actually that of Hollywood mainstream... we don't have access to world cinema. But I have been attracted to world cinema since the time I started making movies. I have made ten films in seven years,\" he said.\"Captive\" screened at the MAMI organised by Mumbai Academy of Moving Image (MAMI) is based on a real life incident which took place in southern Philippines in 2001 where 20 tourists were kidnapped and held hostage. \"I think festivals help a lot. The major exposure for alternative films are festivals of different countries and audience, and to be able to connect with distributors. It is important for filmmakers like me... we are always looking forward to festivals that give importance to world cinema,\" Mendoza said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16939113", "title": "In Chhattisgarh, state capital tops in crimes against women", "text": "RAIPUR: The state capital tops the list of complaints on crime against women in Chhattisgarh . As many as 1,170 cases were lodged with the state women commission this year alone.Durg stood second with 507 cases and Bilaspur ranked third with 450 complaints. Most of the women who have filed complaint are victims of physical and/or mental harassment. Over 490 cases have come into light when the women complained of harassment at work place or at in-laws' place.\"Out of 1,170, the women commission has solved around 889 cases while 281 are still pending due to some or the other reason,\" state women commission chairperson Vibha Rao told TOI.Many times, women do not turn up after the first hearing or they solve the matter at their end. Around 121 cases have been lodged citing physical assault while 112 women complained of dowry harassment.Incidents of molestation, kidnapping, property dispute, witchcraft and rape have also been registered. Out of 507 cases from Durg, 259 have been resolved and from 450 incidents from Bilaspur, around 339 have been resolved with 111 pending.According to the figures, maximum number of women from Durg and Bilaspur have been victimised by harassment of some or the other kind. Where Durg has logged in 101 cases of harassment, Bilaspur is ahead of it with 163 cases.\"Women in Raipur , Durg and Bilaspur are more aware and educated than the women in other rural areas, due to which the cases come into light. But there are many such incidents that do not reach us either because of absence of communication facility or illiteracy. Though the commission is trying to reach in rural areas as well, it's a tedious and time taking process. Lack of staff is another reason that makes the whole process very slow,\" Rao said.She added that the commission organizes sessions of counselling and karate classes for women and girls in colleges, mainly in rural areas. Complaints from different districts of Raigarh, Dhamtari, Jagdalpur, Dantewada, Korba, Kanker, Kabirdham and others have also come into light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933533", "title": "Woman threw toddler before death plunge", "text": "MUMBAI: A probe into the suicide case of a 28-year-old housewife at Kandivli has shown that she had first pushed her two-year-old daughter off the 18th floor of a highrise, before following suit. The Kandivli police on Tuesday posthumously booked Kritika Patel for killing her daughter, Jaini. The incident took place at the 23-storey Roopnagar society on Monday. The building was being redeveloped and the Patels had been allotted a flat on the 18th floor.The police will begin recording statements of Kritika's parents on Wednesday. Kritika had left a suicide note in Gujarati stating that she was unable to keep her family happy. She also wrote that her husband and in-laws were not to be harrassed by the police as they weren't responsible for her death.\"The fact that she went out of her way to try and absolve her husband, Kaushal, and her in-laws in her suicide note has not been lost on us. But we need to probe further before reaching a conclusion,\"said a senior police official. The police will also try to find out why Kritika killed her daughter if she did not have any complaint against her husband and in-laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937647", "title": "19 new ferns named in honour of Lady Gaga", "text": "Lady Gaga is being honoured with the name of a new genus of ferns found in Central and South America, Mexico, Arizona and Texas.A genus is a group of closely related species - in this case 19 species of ferns will carry the name Gaga.At one stage of its life, the new genus Gaga has somewhat fluid definitions of gender and bears a striking resemblance to one of Gaga's famous costumes. Members of the new genus also bear a distinct DNA sequence spelling GAGA.Two of the species in the Gaga genus are new to science - Gaga germanotta from Costa Rica is named to honour the family of the artist, who was born StefGermanotta.A newly discovered Mexican species is being dubbed Gaga monstraparva in honour of Gaga's fans, whom she calls \"little monsters.\"\"We wanted to name this genus for Lady Gaga because of her fervent defense of equality and individual expression,\" study leader Kathleen Pryer from Duke University said.\"And as we started to consider it, the ferns themselves gave us more reasons why it was a good choice,\" Pryer said.For example, in her performance at the 2010 Grammy Awards, Lady Gaga wore a heart-shaped Armani Prive' costume with giant shoulders that looked, to Pryer's trained eyes, exactly like the bisexual reproductive stage of the ferns, called a gametophyte.It was even the right shade of light green. The way the fern extends its new leaves in a clenched little ball also reminds Pryer of Gaga's claw-like \"paws up\" salute to her fans.The clincher came when graduate student Fay-Wei Li scanned the DNA of the ferns being considered for the new genus. He found GAGA spelled out in the DNA base pairs as a signature that distinguishes this group of ferns from all others.Celebrity species abound in science as there is a California lichen named for President Barack Obama and a meat-eating jungle plant named after actress Helen Mirren.In January, an Australian horse fly described by its discoverer as \"bootylicious\" was named for singer Beyonce but those are just individual species.This is an entire genus that so far includes 19 species of ferns.Except for the two new species, germanotta and monstraparva, the rest of the Gaga ferns are species that are being reclassified by Pryer and her co-authors.They had previously been assigned to the genus Cheilanthes based on their outward appearance. But Li's painstaking analysis of DNA using more than 80 museum specimens and newly collected plants showed they're distinct and deserving of their own genus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16934128", "title": "Fire at Ursala blood bank", "text": "KANPUR: A fire broke out at the blood bank of the Ursala Horseman Hospital on Tuesday. Hospital authorities said there was no loss to the property and the fire started due to short circuit in the air-conditioner.\"The fire brigade controlled the fire in a few minutes and no person was injured. As plastic pipes were used in AC assembling, the entire UHM campus was filled with smoke and foul smell. Some patients also complained of suffocation.Talking to TOI, Dr U C Sinha, superintendent-in-chief of UHM, said: \"A minor fire was caused in the blood bank due to short-circuit in the AC panel. No loss of life or property has been reported.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16944071", "title": "When Ravan was worshipped here...", "text": "VADODARA: While most burnt Ravan in an effigy form on Dussehra on Wednesday, there was a time when he was worshipped in the region.Residents of the Gadoi village near Dahod may not worship the temple any more, but it has been relayed to them over the generations that it is that of Ravan.The temple today is no more than a heap of black stones. The parts of a large idol with moustache, the base of a Shivling and some other small idols are the only remains that indicate that a temple existed at the place years back. But nobody today knows how old it was.Gadoi sarpanch Ashok Gohil said that elders in the village remember that the temple was in a better shape earlier and it was also worshipped on Dussehra day, but the ritual was discontinued over the years.Ashok says that his uncle Amarsinh Gohil has vivid memories of the temple.\"Now the Shivling is also broken and one can only see the face of what is believed to be the idol of Ravan. The remains of the temple are located on the side of the road leading to the Bavka village and many pass by it, but few would realise what they are,\" Ashok said.Temples of Ravan are known to exist in neighbouring Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, besides other parts of the country. But in this part of the country, such temples have not been heard of earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937620", "title": "Overjoyed to be joined with my soul mate: Lisa Ray", "text": "It's been quite a long bumpy but finally exhilarating journey to wedded bliss for Lisa Ray. At age 40, on October 20 in a ceremony in the picturesque Napa Valley Lisa Ray became Mrs Jason Dehni.Hours after the ceremony Lisa spoke to us as she raced away from civilization for a brief honeymoon. Said the ecstatic bride, \"We are overjoyed. This wedding exceeded all our expectations. I am overjoyed to be joined with my soul mate Jason.\"The wedding celebrations left the lovely Lisa exhausted and exhilarated. Said the radiant bride, \"The wedding went on during the entire weekend. The theme was love. We celebrated the Revival of Love.\"Lisa says the wedding was a time to count her blessings. \"Besides sealing our love and union in front of our beloved friends and family, this weekend in sheer paradise showed how one can bounce back into life after facing tough challenges. Now we the newly-minted couple are off to Bora Bora. Lost to humanity for a while.\"Added Lisa's significant other Jason Dehni, \"I feel blessed to have married my soul mate. I am deeply in love with Lisa. It was a magical wedding weekend. We're now en route to Bora Bora for our honeymoon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16939961", "title": "Australian man pleads guilty to murdering Indian woman", "text": "MELBOURNE: A 21-year-old Australian man has pleaded guilty to murdering a young Indian woman, whose dismembered body was found in a suitcase in a Sydney canal last year.The body of Tosha Thakkar, 24, was found in the suitcase floating in a canal near the Parramatta River at Meadowbank by some construction workers in March 2011.Police say she had been raped and then strangled, a crime which drew a shocked and furious response from the Indian community both in Sydney and overseas.Burwood local court said that Daniel Stani-Reginald, who was Thakkar's neighbour, pleaded guilty to the murder.He was also charged with raping Thakkar. According to 'The Age', Stani-Reginald has not pleaded guilty to this charge.The two were living in the same apartment building and Stani-Reginald was arrested soon after Thakkar's body was found.Magistrate Christopher Longley committed Stani-Reginald for sentencing in the NSW Supreme Court on November 28.Stani-Reginald and Thakkar lived in separate apartments above an empty storefront on Edwin Street in Croydon in Sydney's inner west, the report said, adding it was believed the murder took place in Thakkar's apartment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933718", "title": "Court relief for district collector", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten months after an IAS officer and his deputy were charged over the death of child following a demolition drive, the duo got a reprieve at the Bombay high court.The state informed a division bench that it was not planning to file a chargesheet against then Mumbai suburban district collector Nirmal Deshmukh and his deputy Shivaji Dhavbhat.The collector's office had carried out a drive to remove encroachers from a mangrove area in Kannamwar Nagar in Vikhroli in November 2011.The land was handed over to the forest department who built trenches to replenish water supply for the mangroves.According to the police, one of the encroachers Uday Mohite rentered the area and started living there with his family.Around 24 days after the demolition drive, his one-and-a-half- year-old child drowned in one of the trenches.The Vikhroli police booked Deshmukh and Davbhat for culpable homicide. The officers told the court they were falsely implicated in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934740", "title": "Police investigate links of suspected ISI agent", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suspected ISI agent Idrish Pinjara, an employee of the Jamnagar Municipal Corporation, was formally arrested on Tuesday by city crime branch. Idrish had been detained for the last couple of days and was being questioned about his ISI links.\"Idrish could not give satisfactory replies when we showed him the evidence we gathered on his spying activities,\" said a crime branch official. This is the third arrest in the ISI spying case. On October 14, crime branch officials had caught the first ISI agent, Sirajuddin Fakir, who is accused of passing on information via email to an ISI handler in Karachi known as Tahir Khan. Besides Pinjara, Fakir's other accomplice Ayub Shaikh has also arrested.Idrish revealed his brother Aslam was arrested by Pakistani police for over-staying his visitors' visa. He was then recruited by ISI and deported to India. Since then, Aslam and Idrish had allegedly been working together for ISI. WhileIdrish has been gathering intelligence, which Aslam emailed to Pakistan and also coordinated with other sub-agents he had recruited. \"Idrish's call records prove he had used his wife's phone to talk to Tahir at midnight daily,\" said a crime branch official.\"Aslam had overstayed his visitor visa in Pakistan by five years and also married a rich woman there whose name is Ireen. He was in constant touch with his wife even while he was in Gujarat. That his deportation was a just a show was proven by the fact that he was granted 15-day visitor visa recently. A man who has been deported usually does not get a visa to re-enter the same country.On October 13, Aslam left for Pakistan with his 65-year-old mother and Idrish's six-year-old daughter. He went by train. Aslam has left with some physical material like documents that had been gathered by Idrish,\" police said. a crime branch official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "khammam", "code": "16933568", "title": "Book Renuka Chaudhary under SC/ST Atrocities Act: Tribal bodies", "text": "KHAMMAM: Tribal organisations kicked up a furore here on Tuesday by organising rasta rokos and stalling traffic demanding an unconditional apology from Congress MP Renuka Chaudhary for abusing a tribal officer. They said she should be booked under the SC/ST Atrocities Act for humiliating the officer on duty.Members of several ST associations brought traffic to a grinding halt at Tekulapalli mandal, demanding an apology from Renuka. Telangana Civil Societies JAC convener P Krishna said that a case under the SC/ST Act should be registered against Renuka for abusing joint collector MM Naik who is an ST. Renuka entered into a heated argument with him at his chambers here on Monday when she went to represent the people's problems. Supporters of the MP, who accompanied her, abused the joint collector blaming him for not issuing 'Pahani' copies and land-related documents at the Mee Seva centres to non-tribal farmers in the Agency mandals of the district.The MP asked Naik to immediately issue 'Pahani' copies to non-tribal farmers to enable them to avail bank loans. When the JC told her that since 1/70 Act was in force in the Agency areas, it was not possible to issue 'Pahani' copies to non-tribals, Renuka flew into a rage and yelled at him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "16938149", "title": "Canadian PM Stephen Harper to visit India next week", "text": "TORONTO: Seeking to boost bilateral ties with India, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper will visit the country next week during which he would meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and other Indian leaders.This will be Harper's second official visit to India. During his November 3-9 visit, Harper will visit Agra, New Delhi, Chandigarh and Bangalore.Harper will meet Singh, and other ministers and officials from the Indian government during his stay in India.\"Canada enjoys a strong working and personal relationship with India but we must further strengthen the links between our two countries,\" Harper said in a statement.\"India is a growing economy with enormous potential, and expanding our trade and investment links with India will create jobs, growth and long-term prosperity here in Canada.\"He will also address the World Economic Forum on India, an independent international organisation committed to improving the state of the world by engaging business, political, academic and other leaders.He will be accompanied by Ed Fast, Minister of International Trade and Minister for the Asia-Pacific Gateway, Joe Oliver, Minister of Natural Resources, Gerry Ritz, Minister of Agriculture and Agri-Food, Bal Gosal, Minister of State (Sport), and Tim Uppal, Minister of State (Democratic Reform), along with representatives of the business and cultural sectors.Trade between India, one of the fastest growing economies, and Canada is increasing, the statement said.The strength of the ties between the two countries is also reflected in the estimated 1 million Canadians of Indian origin and that more than 23,000 Indian students are currently studying in Canada, making India the second-largest source of foreign students to Canada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16938730", "title": "NHS website offers teens tips on sex", "text": "LONDON: Children as young as 13 are being advised that they can flout the age of sexual consent by a sordid NHS website.The service, which is partly funded by EU and publicised in schools, even offers tips on sex acts.In total defiance of the law, it advises that while sex under the age of 16 is illegal 'you are the only one who knows when you are ready'.MPs and family groups say the service, which costs 56,000 pounds and is inspired by Dutch sex education techniques, should be halted because it encourages sexual experimentation among children.The Respect Yourself website and smartphone app is the first service of its kind in the UK and has just been rolled out across 39 secondary schools in Coventry and Warwickshire.The site contains sexually explicit images, diagrams of erogenous zones, a \"sextionary\" of explicit terms and advises that \"there is very little stopping you accessing hardcore pornography from the comfort of your sofa.\"It also discusses prostitution, the effectiveness of the morning after pill and suggests how children can get hold of sex toys despite being under age.Meanwhile, the site's 'experts' suggest that young children might want to put off speaking to their parents about sex in case the subject upsets the parents.In a question and answer section, experts commissioned by the NHS answer questions about sexual practices. Children as young as 13 are told masturbation will make them feel 'de-stressed' and have a stronger immune system.Prostitution is described as 'technically legal' along with the explanation that 'people have sex for many different reasons, prostitution is one of them'.A gallery of images of male and female genitals is featured on the website and the users are encouraged to take a quiz that poses multiple-choice questions to assess whether they are ready to lose their virginity.A few words in the sextionary include Amaurophilia - a fetish when someone gets turned on by blindfolding their partner, Axillism - sexual act where a man rubs his penis under his partner's armpit, Blue Waffles - a slang term for nasty looking genitals infected with a host of different sexually transmitted infections, Eproctolagnia - a fetish when you are turned on by people farting, Gouch/Gooch - the sensitive spot also known as the perineum and Tribbing - sexual act where two women rub or grind their genitals against each other for mutual stimulation.Incredibly, on bestiality, the advice is that while 'sex with animals is illegal, fantasising is not'.\"Parents will be appalled health professionals have supported the development of a resource that condones sexual experimentation by young people and uses crude and sometimes even foul language,\" the Daily Mail quoted Norman Wells, spokesman for the Family Education Trust, as saying.\"It merely encourages an unhealthy obsession with physical acts and will do nothing to help young people build healthy relationships or prepare them for a stable and fulfilling marriage in the future,\" Wells added.The website and app were funded with 24,000 pounds from the NHS and 32,500 pounds from the European Union's Leonardo da Vinci programme. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933775", "title": "PVP Ventures leads race to bid for new IPL franchise", "text": "MUMBAI: PVP Ventures (Team Hyderabad) and Jaypee Group (Team Noida) are expected to be the two leading contenders in the bid to acquire the IPL's latest franchise during Thursday's scheduled auction. These two are the hottest contenders among 10 cities in the fray.The tender document, available at the BCCI office for a price of Rs 5 lakh, hasn't received an overwhelming response yet, say sources. However, it appears the BCCI may be convinced about which potential buyers will be present at its office in Mumbai on Thursday when the bids are opened.Sources in the PVP camp, the company headed by Prasad V Potluri, say he is already geared up to present his bid. PVP was the sole bidder - at Rs 900 crore - to buy out the Deccan Chargers franchise in September this year.However, for reasons best known to DC's earlier owner T Venkat Ram Reddy, the bid had to be terminated.This time again, PVP sources say, \"we will present our bid on Thursday for the Hyderabad franchise\". Post the foiled attempt to bid for DC, Prasad was once again involved in talks with DC owners - while the Bombay high court was hearing an appeal against the BCCI's termination order - until Reddy went ahead and brought in a new party, Kamala Landmarc, to the surprise of many including his own bankers.RPG Group, headed by Harsh Goenka, had shown interest in an IPL team the last time around but may not be interested in bidding. \"We won't be getting involved,\" Goenka told TOI on Tuesday.There is speculation Manoj Gaur of the Jaypee Group may be interested in having a franchise from Noida, where his other major sporting interest, Formula One , also lies.A source in the know of developments said, \"Gaur's interest in having an IPL team for Noida could perhaps be one of the reasons why the township has been included in the list of cities available to bid.\"Noida wasn't mentioned in the list of cities in 2010, when Sahara and Kochi won their bids for huge amounts of $370 and $333m respectively. The Jaypee Group head could not be contacted for comment.There is also speculation that the winning bid may touch the $300m (approx Rs 1500 crore) mark once again. The winning franchise will have to pay the bid amount to the BCCI over a period of ten years after initially submitting an immediate signing amount of Rs 20 crore.The Adani Group from Ahmedabad and the Videocon Group from Pune, who have gone on record in the past showing interest in buying an IPL team, haven't shown any interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939592", "title": "I'll be too old to play Bond at 44 3/4: Daniel Craig", "text": "Bond star Daniel Craig , who has been getting rave reviews for his new 007 film 'Skyfall', says he will be too old to play the secret agent at the age of 44 and three-quarters.When asked when he'll be too old for the job, Craig said in jest, \"I am. I will be at 44 and three quarters.\" But the actor, who turned 44 this March, will continue to play James Bond for a few more years as he has signed a deal to appear in two more films.\"I will keep going as long as I can. I am contracted for two more and that seems like a fair few. But I am not going to outstay my welcome. Someone else will have to have the chance to have a crack at this,\" he said.One of the people who doubted Craig when he was cast as Bond was director Sam Mendes , who had worked with him on 2002 film ' Road 'To Perdition '.When asked how their conversation went when they met again, Craig said, \"He apologised, we moved on.\"The actor asked Sam if he would like to direct ' Skyfall' and the Oscar-winning movie maker accepted.\"I was at a party and Sam was there. He doesn't drink, so he was sober, but I wasn't. I picked his brains about the next movie and we talked about the things we loved about Bond movies. I offered him the job, which wasn't my job to do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938995", "title": "Kim Cattrall &amp; Uma Thurman for 50 Shades of Grey?", "text": "'Sex And The City' star Kim Cattrall has revealed that she is being considered for the role of an older temptress in the film adaptation of the erotic novel 'Fifty Shades Of Grey.'The 56-year-old actress has been tipped for the part of Elena, an older housewife who first seduces leading man Christian Grey and introduces him to the world of bondage, the Daily Express reported.Cattrall confirmed that she heard reports she is going up against Uma Thurman for the job, and admits she hasn't ruled out tackling another saucy character after playing maneater Samantha Jones in the 'Sex And The City' franchise.\"As far as I've heard, it's between me... I'm duking it out, unintentionally, in people's minds with Uma Thurman at the moment! That's based on a lot of people's blogs and desires. As far as I know they are just writing the script so I think the casting process is a little bit further down the pipe than it is now,\" she told Australia's 'The Kyle and Jackie O Show.'The actress insists she is amazed by the success of author E.L. James' Fifty Shades trilogy, adding, \"it's been such a sensation, truly extraordinary. Women especially are getting it on their Kindles (electronic book devices) so nobody knows what they're reading.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937908", "title": "Sharmila Tagore off to get her doctorate from Edinburgh", "text": "Son Saif Ali Khan's wedding celebration completed, the lovely Sharmila Tagore now sets out on another mission. She will be awarded an honorary doctorate by the Napier University on 25 October.Quite an achievement for someone who dropped out of college before graduation to pursue a career as an actor. From Edinburgh Sharmila shall precede to London and Prague to visit her late husband the Nawab of Pataudi's friends.Said the lovely Ms Tagore, \"This honour means a lot to me since I chose not to educate myself through the conventional route of institution-based learning. It proves one can be self-taught. I dropped out of college before graduation. I opted to begin work as an actress.\"The actress, known to have a discernibly intellectual image feels education need not come from a college. \"The fact that I am getting a doctorate in spite of being a college drop-out proves that the world can be your university. If you seek learning, it meets you somewhere down the road. I am not saying education is not important. It is essential for emotional and intellectual growth. But it needn't come from academic textbooks.\"Sharmila, exhausted after the family wedding, left for the UK on Monday with a heavy heart. The death of Yash Chopra left her saddened. \"Yash had written a letter to me saying he was shooting abroad and couldn't come for the wedding reception. Then comes this devastating news. I've lost another friend. That's another link with the past broken. My heart goes out to the family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "16944127", "title": "Ahmed Patel asks party men to unite", "text": "BHARUCH: Political advisor to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Ahmed Patel, on Wednesday urged party men to unite and give a strong fight to the opposition in the upcoming assembly elections.\"No opposition can defeat the Congress. However, there are the insiders who are responsible for the poor performance in past elections,\" Patel said, addressing members of Bharuch district Congress.He also inaugurated a new district Congress office.\"The situation this time is much more favourable compared to the 2002 and 2007 assembly polls. But Congressmen have to unite and give a strong fight.\"Commenting about Narendra Modi's Sadbhavana mission and Vivekanand Yuva Vikas Yatra, Patel said, \"These are false and misleading campaign methods to divert the minds of the people of Gujarat.\"Patel will be camping in his native village Piraman near Ankleshwar till Bakra Eid festival. A large number of ticket aspirants from across Gujarat were seen making a beeline at his residence on Wednesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934210", "title": "Home-made syrup claims 60-yr-old", "text": "NAGPUR: A senior citizen died while his daughter and son-in-law were hospitalized after they consumed a syrup prepared at their home at Parvati Nagar in Rameshwari area.Namdeorao Bahadure succumbed during treatment at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). His daughter Ranjana and son-in-law Kuldeep Moon were shifted to GMCH.Bahadure (60) and Ranjana, a resident of Ghodegaon in Wardha, had come to meet Archana last week.Police said Bahadure was suffering from piles and Kulpdeep had brought some twigs of Kanheri tree to cure the disease. On Monday, Bahadure kept the twigs soaked in water for whole night. On Tuesday morning, his elder daughter Archana prepared a syrup of the twigs which was consumed by Bahadure, Ranjana and Kuldeep.The trio was rushed to GMCH but Bahadure died during treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938515", "title": "Fans awaiting Shivanna's next release", "text": "Century Star Shivaraj Kumar's fans who were disappointed with his previous film Shiva by director Om Prakash Rao are in high spirits again. The trailer of his next release 'Lakshmi' has gladdened fans who have appreciated the high quality of the making of the film.Shivanna fans are in high spirits and want to celebrate the release of audio on 1st November with a big bang. The trailer and special programmes aired by a few channels along with song bits are being immensely appreciated by the fans.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16935518", "title": "Just before goodbye, festivity touches fever pitch on Maha Navami", "text": "CHANDIGARH: People relished community feasts, visited loved ones and enjoyed cultural events on Tuesday, as Maha Navami, the fourth day Durga Puja was celebrated with fervour across the city.Dressed in their best attire, residents hit the streets to savour every moment of the puja spirit which clearly marked grandeur and festivities at various venues across city.The main puja for Maha Navami or ninth lunar day began after the end of Sandhi Puja held at the confluence of Maha Ashtami (eighth lunar day) and Mahanavami at around Monday-Tuesday midnight. According to Hindu mythology, Goddess Durga killed Chando and Mundo, two \"asuras\" (demons), at the confluence (Sandhi) of Maha Ashtami and Maha Navami.The day in city witnessed a mix of morning puja, \"chandi path\", \"pushpanjali\", \"yagna\", \"bhog\" and evening prayers at various venues. The day also witnessed a mix of cultural events at venues celebrating Durga Puja. The community centre at Sector 20, Panchkula, hosted the grand finale of its ongoing dance competition, where six teams were shortlisted.\"Besides the puja and bhog, the real charm was the evening cultural events which included a grand finale of dance competition. It is a great way of bringing the community together and harnessing creative energy of young children,\" said Prabhal from ICON, the group which organized the event.A drama \"bhoudi\" was also hosted at Kalibari, Chandigarh, which drew crowd in large numbers. \"We presented a drama, Boudi - the wife of elder brother on Tuesday. It was an entertaining drama and the members of the organizing committee presented it,\" said Shantanu, cultural secretary of Kalibadi, Chandigarh.\"I am a regular visitor to the Durga Puja celebrations each year. I enjoyed the celebrations thoroughly this year, specially the bhog, which comprises 'khichdi' every day,\" said Shoni Sharma, a devotee from Sector 35.Maha Arati concluded the puja rituals for the day. Called the undefeated, the ninth day of Navaratra worships Goddess Durga in the form of Aparajita (one who cannot be defeated) with sugarcane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16934387", "title": "Burning private Ravan", "text": "KANPUR: The 80-ft Ravan waiting to be torched at Parade Grounds is not tall enough for citizens to be content with. Or, so it seems from the enthusiasm with which they are preparing their very own versions to burn and celebrate the victory of good over evil. Children in particular are most enthusiastic about the ritual and craftsmen making miniature effigies are pocketing profits. At most places selling idols of Ravan to be used as effigy for burning the stocks vanished in no time. This sent artisans residing in slums into an overdrive to meet new orders.\"Sale of Ravan has gone up manifold this year,\" said Gulshan, who sells effigies on GT Road. He claims he pioneered mass sale of Ravan effigies five years ago and is now is the most famous name in the trade. He confirmed that trend of putting up and burning private effigies had been on the rise since two years, besides the public events.\"Residents of housing societies or colonies ask us to prepare effigies of different sizes. Fire-crackers are not put inside the effigy as people want the Ravans to be safe considering the presence of kids around,\" added Gulshan. The small Ravans available only at GT Road till last year can now be seen selling at Saket Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, K-Block and several other places. The demon, in new colour combination and designs, has found several buyers.\"We also try to use eco-friendly materials. The crackers are less polluting and emanate more light than sound. I always want to give the message that effigy burning is symbolic of burning vices like greed, and all ills plaguing our country and society,\" said Brijesh, a Ravan-maker at Saket Nagar.Dussehra generates employment opportunities for local craftsmen, who earn an income out of making bamboo furniture and other such items. In a short span of few years, they have learnt the art of making effigies. It means the trend of burning small effigies is not too old. Shridevi, another Ravan-maker says these effigies are made of bamboo, newspaper and glaze paper. \"We get to do this work for only a month. It requires a lot of hard work and time. All family members are engaged in the job. We are able to make a 25-ft tall effigy in a week,\" she adds.The colourful effigies are available in various sizes. The smallest available effigy of 'Ravana' is 3-ft high and the tallest stands at 25-ft. The cheapest effigy is available at Rs 300 and the 21-ft one costs Rs 4,000.\"The tallest effigy can be 25 feet tall for which we charge around Rs 5,500. Right now, the biggest assignment we have is to prepare a 10-faced Ravan and it is almost done. Several persons come to buy the effigies and we cater to all kinds of requirements,\" added Omprakesh, another Ravan-maker on GT Road.He added that most of the business happens in the last three days before Dusshera. Children from different localities of the city come and take effigies around 10 feet tall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933540", "title": "'SY Qureshi to head three-member IOA poll panel'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Olympic Association (IOA) on Tuesday named a three-member panel headed by former chief election commissioner SY Qureshi to supervise and conduct its November 25 elections.\"As per the mandate of IOA's special general body meeting, I have formed the panel to conduct the elections in fair and transparent manner,\" acting president Vijay Kumar Malhotra said in a statement.The other members of the panel are retired chief justice of Kerala high court Justice VK Bali and retired Justice of Delhi high court Justice JD Kapur.Justice Bali will also be the returning officer. This is for the first time that a former election commissioner of India along with a retired chief justice and a retired justice of high court will be responsible for conducting the elections of IOA, it said.Federation seeks clarificationMeanwhile, some federation officials have asked the IOA to clarify certain issues relating to the upcoming elections. Indian Triathlon Federation's secretary general Rakesh Gupta in a letter to Malhotra said that the circular issued for the elections were \"confusing.\"Hockey India secretary general Narinder Batra in a letter also raised issues relating to the circular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16944097", "title": "No cash for bail, they languish in jail", "text": "SURAT: At least 85 undertrials in Surat Central Jail, Lajpor, accused of petty crimes, due to their inability to pay bail money and cash fines, are forced to spend a longer period in the prison.The bail amount and cash fines are as little as Rs 200 to Rs 3,000. The courts give an additional jail term besides the punishment for crime if a convict is unable to pay the fine amount. At present, there are 1,400 men and women prisoners in Lajpor jail.\"We have found around 85 prisoners, who are in jail for petty crimes like prohibition, gambling, etc. The punishment for such crimes is normally six months of jail. These prisoners are unable to pay cash fines or the bail amount and hence are forced to stay in the jail,\" says Rajendra Barot, deputy superintendent of police, Lajpor.The jail authorities are preparing a proposal to find a way out to help those accused of petty crimes to get out of the jail. \"If held, the accused normally confess their crime. We are trying to provide them legal help and advice. They would be able to get out of the jail as they may have already spent enough days as punishment for their crimes,\" Barot said. The jail authorities have proposed to Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) to provide legal assistance to the prisoners.Two incidents have been reported in the past three years wherein prisoners had thrown shoes at the judges. The prisoners alleged that they have spent more time in the jail than the prescribed period of punishment for their crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934743", "title": "Fighting modern demon called diabetes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"Think twice before you gorge on fafda and jalebis - the traditional calorie-rich breakfast that we all savor on Dussehra,\" these words of warning were issued by diabetologist and endocrine physician, Dr Banshi Saboo to mark the launch of IDEA (Intensive Diabetes Education &amp; Awareness) to STOP Heart Attack, a two-year project. \"We have to wake up and fight the modern-day demon of diabetes.\"Michael William Hirst, president-elect, International Diabetes Federation, launched the project in the city on Tuesday. The main aim of the project is to create a mass awareness campaign for the prevention, education, awareness and management of Type 2 diabetes and its complications.\"Every ten seconds, we get three diabetes patients globally,\" Dr Saboo said. \"And this can be slowed down with this new initiative of raising awareness. We plan to include more than 1 million people in the first phase of this project. To reach the masses, we plan to involve schools and various small social groups like Patel Samaj and Aggarwal Samaj.\"Preventive cardiologist Dr Nitin Shah of Heart Foundation and Research Institute, a collaborator in the project, said, \"Before launching this initiative, we conducted a brief study of about 5,000 patients from the surrounding rural areas of the city and found that more than 50 percent of the population was affected by pre-diabetic condition or was diabetic, but only 10 percent knew about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16935193", "title": "Festive fervour fuels road rage", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Reckless and drunk driving has gone up in the city during the puja season as police have temporarily halted crackdown on errant riders since the past one week. Discontinuation of the police action has jeopardized the safety of other commuters during the festive rush.Leniency of the cops towards rash riders is palpable with the number of people seen riding two wheelers in the city without wearing helmets.\"We are not imposing fines on traffic rule offenders these days as all our personnel are busy controlling the crowd at pandals and traffic junctions,\" ACP (traffic) Binod Das told TOI. \"There might be traffic jams at places where checking would take place. Hence, we will resume our crackdown after the idol immersion ceremony,\" Das said.In fact, detection of traffic violation has gone down since the past one month. While 6248 traffic offenders were fined in August, it plummeted to 4800 in September.\"While youths are risking their life by not wearing helmets, they are also creating problems for us by rash driving. It is shocking that police are turning a blind eye towards them,\" said Swagat Harichandan, a city resident. \"Drunkards are riding with ease in evening as police are not conducting raids regularly,\" he said.Enforcement against drunkenness has gone for a toss during puja with only 70 offenders caught in October so far. While 166 tipplers were fined in August, the figure plunged to 142 in September, sources said.Traffic management in the city has also gone for a toss with the entire traffic wing being engaged to control the crowd at puja pandals. Out of the existing traffic staff of 215, police diverted around 170 personnel for puja management, affecting traffic control system. In view of the manpower shortage, the commissionerate of police brought in an additional 45 cops from other districts to control the crowd.Despite efforts to control the puja crowd, major roads and lanes in the city are witnessing bumper-to-bumper traffic because of absence of parking lots near puja pandals.\"We are towing vehicles parked in unauthorized parking lots. The BDA should take action against commercial establishments, who did not create parking lots,\" said a traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16934784", "title": "Banding together to make crowd rock", "text": "BHOPAL: A group of teenagers regaled a motley crowd at the BHEL , Kalibari on Tuesday. Meet the band members of 'Raahi' comprising 9 boys, who are raring to go.The founding members of the band, Arindam Sinha and Julian Steve, both students of class XI of St Xavier's School, BHEL, decided to form a band when they were in class IX as they were mesmerised with the rock bands like Metallica .\"Julian and I started jamming and more members joined us along the way, including my brother Aditya,\" said Arindam, rhythm guitarist of the band.Souparno Das, lead vocalist and an HR professional, said, \"This year during Poila Baishakh (Bengali New Year) we got a chance to perform at the Kalibari and the audience thoroughly enjoyed our performance. Then when we got a call to perform for the Durga Puja, we couldn't believe ourselves as generally famous Kolkata bands like Bhoomi have performed in the past years!\"Aditya Sinha, another vocalist, said they have a repertoire of 21 songs lined up for the evening, keeping in mind the taste of different age groups. \"We have to cater to every genre which is why our playlist is quite eclectic. For next year's Poila Baishakh we plan to include a couple of Rabindrasangeet as well,\" he said.The non-Bengali members of the band, include Julian Steve on the bass guitar, Sarthak Shukla and Shubham Sharma, both on drums, Abhijeet Singh Sengar, lead guitarist and Deepak Minj, accompanying guitarist.\"These guys have picked up Bangla songs and even keep lip-syncing the lyrics during the practice sessions,\" said Aditya.\"In fact, the language is proving no barrier as it the music which has brought everybody together,\" said Souparno.\"We also have the youngest synthesizer player Rishul Ghosh, all of class VI\" said the Raahi members.For the Navami performance, the Raahi boys were joined by four female singers--Shreya Ghosh, Madhumita Das, Satabdi Chowdhury and Adrija Biswas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16943152", "title": "Sonia Gandhi should order probe against son-in-law Robert Vadra: Uma Bharti", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi should follow the example set by her BJP counterpart Nitin Gadkari by offering to hold probe into all charges of corruption levelled against her son-in-law Robert Vadra, said party leader Uma Bharti on Wednesday.Bharti said Gandhi should set a benchmark of probity in public life as Gadkari had done.She alleged Vadra had gained due to his proximity to the Nehru-Gandhi family.Gadkari, who is facing allegations of dubious funding of his company, Purti, has expressed his readiness to face any probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16934410", "title": "UP Electricity Regulatory Commission blamed of violation power law", "text": "LUCKNOW: Electricity consumers body, the UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad, also a member of the state advisory committee (SAC) of the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC), alleged on Tuesday that the commission was under \"pressure\" of the state government to declare power tariff in gross violation of the State Electricity Act of 2003.The parishad issued a statement saying that application of enhanced power tariff with retrospective effect from October 1 was uncalled for. UPERC sources said as per section 64(3) of the electricity act, the commission, after announcing the tariff, will send its order to the state government which will subsequently publish a public notification within seven days and revised tariff will come into play only after that. But on October 19, the UPERC bypassed the Act and issued order saying that the new tariff will be applicable from October 1. Upbhogta parishad president Avdhesh Kumar Verma said the state government had been dictating terms to the commission, first on the issue of electricity duty and now on the issue of the revised tariff. The consumer association has also been questioning the UPPCL on why it was not recovering the dues and instead resorting to increasing tariff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16934946", "title": "IIM-I to host three-day fest Ahvan from Friday", "text": "INDORE: The Indian Institute of management, Indore will host its three-day flagship management festival - Ahvan, starting from Friday. The fest will mark the beginning of the much awaited campus festival with a recorded footfall of over 6,000 and a total participation going up to 10,000 students across B-Schools. The fest is widely known for conceptualizing the famous flagship events like Ashwamedha, Kalpavriksha, Chanakya and Klueless among others.Apart from the group and individual events, Ahvan will be hosting guest talk series spread over the three days comprising talk by dignitaries from various spheres of management including Kris Ramachandran, advisor to the chairman of Aditya Birla Group , Syed Nasir Ali, joint MD of Air India , Krish Ashok, head of Web2.0 Innovation Lab at TCS, Maya Sharma, chief correspondent of NDTV Bangalore, Madan Mohan Rao, research director of Yourstory.in. They would be delivering insights on changing India paradigms.Among the highlights, this year, Ashwamedha is focused on identifying the Best Manager to the Best Leader who act on nation building. The jury would include eminent personalities from the business world, intellectuals and academicians in the country.Kalpavriksha, the annual social business challenge will be held across two categories - the student business plan and the social enterprise challenge. Similar to last year, this year, the event has garnered participation from international schools in the league of Kellogg School of Management. The winners will be decided on criteria that look at the extent of impact on society, marketing plan, financial feasibility and sustainability.Chanakya, the consulting event of Ahvan'12 has gathered the maximum participation across all the offline events with more than 650 teams from premier B-Schools in India including ISB, IIM-A, IIM-B, IIM Calcutta , IIM Lucknow and XLRI amongst others forming a major chunk. The top six teams would fight it out in the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16935187", "title": "Weapon worship to be held in Allahabad today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Shiv Shakti Sena will conduct a worship of weapons on the occasion of Vijay Dashmi on Wednesday. The puja will be held at Swaroop Rani Park in Zero Road.Shiv Shakti Sena leader Sanjay Shukla said a procession of Puroshattam Ram will be taken out from Ganesh temple in Dakhi Lal Chunawal Gali. Afer that, it will pass through Jariyan Tola, SC Basu Road, Agrasen Chowk and then turn towards Swarop Rani Park.Pandit Alakh Narayan Mishra will perform the Dwar Puja of Ram. Later worship of weapons like swords, tridents etc will be done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16935721", "title": "Weather change triggers viral fever", "text": "LUDHIANA: The change in weather and hot days and cold nights have resulted in a spurt of viral fever cases here. With harvesting season approaching, residents need to be cautious to avoid allergic cough and cold.Dr Sandeep Puri, head of the medicine department in Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), said, \"The post-monsoon season, when days are hot and nights cold, provides virus a favourable condition to attack. The common symptoms of viral fever are low and high grade fever, body pains, throat inflammation, running nose, headache , nasal congestion, muscle and joint pain. Earlier, we received 15 to 20 cases of viral fever. But these days, we are getting around 20 to 25 such patients.\"Dr Gurpreet Singh, senior consultant of medicine at SPS Apollo Hospital, said, \"Though the fever is affecting all age groups, the incidence is slightly more in elderly and children as their immunity is low. We are seeing about eight such cases every day. In harvesting season, incidence of allergic respiratory diseases, including bronchitis , asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), is more.\"Dr Naveen Bajaj, a neonatologist at Deep Hospital, said, \"Children, especially up to the age of five years, are more susceptible to it due to their low immunity. The cases have doubled than routine days. In paddy harvesting season, we receive more cases, almost triple, of allergic bronchitis.\"Doctors added that treatment was given on the basis of symptoms.\"We give symptomatic treatment to patients. For fever, we prescribe antipyretics. For body aches we give them analgesics. If a patient is having allergic cough and cold, we prescribe anti-allergic medicines,\" said Dr Kanwal Masih, medical superintendent at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH). \"We are daily receiving about 100 cases of viral fever. The cases are 10 to15 times more than the routine days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16934488", "title": "Goa saw good monsoon tourism", "text": "PANAJI: Goa registered a marginal 6.5% growth in monsoon tourism this year for the four months from June to September, as compared to the same period last year, tourism department figures showed.While for the four monsoon months last year, Goa got 3.80 lakh visitors, both domestic and foreign, for the corresponding period this year, Goa received 4.05 lakh tourists, an increase of 24,706 tourists compared to last monsoon.But the big difference was made by foreign visitors in the month of September this year. While foreign visitors actually fell sharply in July and September compared to the same months last year, foreign tourists shot up greatly in September this year. In actual numbers, Goa had 5,938 foreign visitors in September 2011. But September 2012 saw 16,141 foreigners visiting Goa. In short, foreign visitors rose by almost 60% during this monsoon.In contrast, domestic tourists which constitute the majority of visitors to Goa, rose by only 3.87% during the monsoon months. While there were 3.62 lakh domestic tourists to Goa last year, this year there were only 3.76 lakh tourists; a rise of only 14,070 domestic tourists in the monsoon months.Ralph de Souza, spokesperson for the Travel and Tourism Association of Goa ( TTAG) said that though there was a decline in visitors in June and July, the shortfall was compensated for in the months of August and September. Souza agreed that the monsoon months only saw a \"marginal increase\" in tourists as compared to last monsoon. He said there was a noticeable reduction in MICE () tourism. \"Incentive conferences and dealer conferences were less this monsoon but we saw sizeable increase in FITs (free and independent travelers), families, young executives, etc.,\" Souza said.Though air fares shot up and affected movement of FITs, hoteliers managed to get business driven by discount offers on rooms and other freebies including transfers from airport and even railway stations. They also threw in other goodies like free half-day sightseeing tours, boat cruises and a variety of packages.But Epifanio Barreto, president of the Federation of Small and Medium Hotels and Guest Houses in Goa (FOSAM), said small and medium hotels did not do well this monsoon. Barreto said there were too many very low budget tourists that wanted rooms in the range of 300 per night. Giving rooms at this rate is unaffordable to the FOSAM category of hotels as they pay taxes and other fees to the government, Barreto said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933424", "title": "8 suspects on police radar", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Crime Station (CCS) sleuths probing the sensational Lal Darwaza Mahankali temple burglary have zeroed in on eight suspects after screening all active cellphones near the place of worship at the time of the offence.As the analysis of fingerprints gathered at the spot did not yield any positive results, the investigators had decided to bank on cellphone data analysis to crack the case. To begin with, the police collected a list of all the cellphones that were active near the Mahankali temple at the time when the burglary took place.After a preliminary analysis of the active numbers, police zeroed in on eight non-local mobile numbers that were active near the temple. \"Now, we are working on gathering information about these numbers,\" an investigating officer said.Another team is working on the possibility of some insiders resorting to the crime. Apparently, two local boys were involved in a minor theft at the temple two years ago. Sources revealed that a key person associated with the temple management had bailed them out and no police complaint was lodged. Police are now grilling the duo to get some leads into the theft.As part of the investigation, police are also interrogating notorious burglars out of jail. Two such offenders, Rambabu and Sai Krishna, are currently being questioned by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933188", "title": "9 subsidised LPG cylinders for rural poor", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what is being viewed as a token gesture ahead of Dasara, the Kiran Kumar Reddy government on Tuesday increased the number of subsidised LPG cylinders for the rural poor from six to nine per annum. The move is meant to benefit about 40 lakh rural BPL families falling under the Deepam scheme and will annually burden the state exchequer by Rs 634 crore.However, it is the middle class urban consumers who have been hit the most by Centre's decision to limit the subsidised LPG cylinders to six per annum. While each subsidised cylinder costs Rs 412.50 in Andhra Pradesh, each non-subsidised cylinder costs about Rs 930. \"Any relief to the middle class and the 1.6 lakh BPL families would have been a welcome move.The LPG cylinder relief that has been announced by the government on Tuesday is likely to end up in the black market as the rural poor are not in a position to buy nine subsidised cylinders every year, said an official.The Deepam scheme, launched in 1999, is meant to encourage rural woman to switch over from firewood to LPG connections.Under the scheme, the state government pays security deposit of Rs 1000 for each connection. Now, all beneficiaries of Deepam scheme are entitled to nine cylinders per year.The decision was taken by chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Tuesday in a meeting held with civil supplies minister D Sridhar Babu and senior officials.Later, briefing the media, Sridhar Babu said 39.71 lakh families under the Deepam scheme would benefit by the government decision. According to the minister, the state has 1.6 crore LPG connections.The minister said the average usage of LPG gas in the state was 5.5 cylinders per family per year as against the national average of 5.2 cylinders.The minister also announced that a 15-day special drive would be taken up to weed out bogus ration cards in the state and appealed to surrender the bogus cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16934308", "title": "Power cable falls on bus in Fatehpur, 12 charred", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least 12 passengers were charred to death and over 32 suffered severe burns when a high voltage line snapped and fell on a bus in Fatehpur district of Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday afternoon. Plying between Jahanabad and Fatehpur Sadar route, the vehicle was owned by a private operator.The incident took place near Jahanabad depot minutes after the bus rolled out of the stoppage carrying around 50 passengers. The bus was to reach Fatehpur Sadar via Amauli. It started from the bus stand and barely a kilometer away a high voltage overhead cable snapped and fell on the bus.The current was so strong that the rubber of the bus tyres that resisted the current for a few moments were reduced to pulp bringing the steel rims of the bus wheels in direct contact with the road and causing the chassis to catch fire.According to eye-witnesses only a few passengers were saved as they jumped out of the bus as soon as the cable snapped and fell on the goods carrier on the roof of the vehicle. \"Around a dozen passengers and the driver managed to jump off the bus before it caught fire. By the time the remaining 25 passengers could rescue themselves, they were caught in the flames,\" an eye-witness said.As the inside of the bus usually comprise foam seats with leather covers pasted with the help of a highly-combustible adhesive even when dry, it took hardly anytime for the entire bus to be wrapped in flames.Only a couple of the deceased were found near their respective seats while the remaining deceased were found lying near the gates and the exit near the driver's seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16940337", "title": "Texting increases twofold among UK teens", "text": "LONDON: British teenagers are sending twice the number of text messages as they did a year ago, with girls writing more than 30 every day, a new survey has revealed.Research, by consumer watchdog Ofcom, found teenagers sent an average of 193 every week; more than double the number they sent in 2011.According to the survey, girls in the UK aged 12-15 years were found to be the most prolific texters, sending 32 messages a day, or 221 a week, compared with 23 a day for boys, The Telegraph reports.Two thirds of teenagers owned smartphones, enabling them to access the internet; a significant increase from 41 per cent in 2011, the survey said.Meanwhile, two fifths of children aged 12 to 15 claimed their mobile phone was the device they would miss most if forced to live without modern technology, with another one in five preferring their television, according to Ofcom.The study, which aimed to discover how technology was influencing children's lives, also showed younger children were spending an increasing amount of time online, the paper said.A third of pre-school children aged three and four years old were found to be using the internet at home, either on PCs, laptops or a netbook, while nearly half of schoolchildren aged five to 15 years who had access to the internet had their own social networking profile, despite rules on website such as Facebook banning the under 13s, the paper added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "16944085", "title": "'Don't get misled by bahuroopi Modi'", "text": "Bhavnagar: Congress leader Shaktisinh Gohil on Wednesday asked people not to be misled by chief minister Narendra Modi , whom he described as bahuroopi.Gohil kicked off his election campaign in Rajpara village of Bhavnagar district, which falls under Bhavnagar (rural) constituency from where he will contest polls.He charged that the state government has fleeced the common people by imposing heavy taxes and has given undue advantages to few industrialists to whom land was given at throwaway prices.Referring to the 'ghar nu ghar' scheme offered by his party if voted to power, the Congress leader said, \"It is our commitment to address the housing concerns of poor women.\"Calling Modi a liar, he questioned the viability of developing the Kalpasar scheme and Dholera port simultaneously. \"The technical report says that only one can come into existence. He is misleading the people,\" he said.Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela in his address said, \"Modi has retained power over the last 12 years by playing with the emotions of the electorate. He makes several promises on being re-elected. What was he doing all these years if the promises are still to be realized?\"Attacking the BJP's 'dhan daan sangrah' scheme, Vaghela asked where the party plans to spend Rs 500 crores collected from the people. \"Are they going to buy votes with this money?\" he asked.Referring to comments being made by Modi that the state exchequer will become empty if Congress comes to power, Vaghela said, \"He has already made the state coffers empty.\" Claiming that the Congress will be voted to power, he said the doors of the Sachivalaya would be open for the common man from December 21.Most of the Congress MPs and MLAs from Gujarat along with senior leaders were present at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16941651", "title": "We're still the best opening pair in the country: Gambhir", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gautam Gambhir today hit back at critics who have raised doubts on the future of his opening combination with Virender Sehwag following their recent form slump, saying with an average of 53 they are still the best in the country.\"We still average 53 as an opening pair, which I think is one of the best when it comes to opening the batting in world cricket. There are not many opening pairs who have played for such a long time and have an average of 53 per innings. And if 53 is not good enough, I don't know what is good enough,\" said Gambhir.\"As an opening pair, you average 50 per inning and if you are giving 50 runs start in every innings, you can't do more and if people talk about not contributing, I will suggest them to look at the stats. Average of 53 is tremendous, its something a lot of opening pairs have not done in the past and are not doing today,\" he added.Sehwag, in the last two years, has scored only one century and has averaged 37.26, which is way below his career average of 50.64 in Tests.Gambhir, in the same period, has not scored any century and averaged just 30.31 as compared to his career average of 44.35 in the longest version of the game.When asked if he is under pressure not having scored a Test ton in last two years, Gambhir replied in his trademark aggressive style, \"It's not about scoring a hundred everytime, it's about contributing when you are opening the batting. It's not only me, a lot of other people have also not scored tons.\"People only discuss about scoring a hundred, I don't know why. I got 93 in South Africa , 85-odd in Australia...15 or seven more and people would not be discussing my hundred.\"It's about how much you can contribute when you open the batting. For me, it is all about contributing to the cause of the team,\" said Gambhir, whose last hundred came against Bangladesh in January, 2010.With the Test series against England just round the corner, Gambhir is looking to get back to the basics and work on his game with childhood coach Sanjay Bhardwaj.He, however, replied in negative when asked if he was seeking his coach's help to iron out any technical flaws ahead of the two tough series against England and Australia at home.\"Had it been a technical error, I would have not scored runs in one-day cricket. I think it is good 1100 runs in last 24 innings in one-day cricket. I was in the ICC ODI team. I know how people start relating your Test form to one-day form and T20 form. Three formats are completely different and ultimately when you are playing the three formats, it's very difficult to have the same consistency.\"Had it been a technical error, I would not have scored runs in both ODI and Test cricket. I would have not got the starts in Test cricket as well.\"Gambhir insisted that he is not at all \"insecure\" about his place in the Test side with the likes of Shikhar Dhawan and Murali Vijay performing consistently in the domestic circuit.\"Never, I am not at all insecure about my place in the side. I don't know where all these things are coming from. Ultimately, when you open the batting, you want to contribute and you want to give a good start to the team. Giving a good start is your first job.\"Talking about IPL champions, Kolkata Knight Riders' disappointing show in the ongoing Champions League Twenty20 , the KKR skipper said, \"These things happen. We are the IPL champions. You go into the tournament thinking that you have to win but sometimes you don't end up winning all the tournaments. Sometimes you do well, sometimes you don't but we are a quality side.\"Gambhir did not agree with suggestions that the upcoming series against England is a \"revenge\" series for India.\"I don't believe in a word revenge because there is no such word in cricket or any other sport. It's all about doing well and that is more important. Revenge is for media not for a professional cricketer,\" he said.Gambhir, who played cricket with Red Bull driver Mark Webber at Noida International University this afternoon, said he won't be attending the second edition of the Indian Grand Prix as it was his first marriage anniversary.\"It's my first marriage anniversary on October 28 and I don't want to make my wife angry,\" he laughed.On F1's future in India, Gambhir said, \"F1 has a great future in India. There's a lot of excitement and enthusiasm around the race. I don't know whether it would be able to beat the popularity of cricket in India, but it has a future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933626", "title": "Mercury dips in Delhi, chill to last till Friday", "text": "NEW DELHI: It turned out to be the worst nightmare for Ram Lila committees and Puja organizers when a sudden thunderstorm and heavy rain broke over the capital on Tuesday afternoon. For around 15 minutes, the sky turned almost pitch dark, forked continuously by lightning and followed by gusty winds and loud claps of thunder. South and southwest Delhi areas recorded heavy showers after which the system moved over the eastern parts of the city.Met recorded 6.6mm rain in a matter of 30 minutes at the Safdarjung observatory, with wind speed reaching 58kmph during the squall. The heaviest rain was recorded at Palam and Pitampura which saw 8mm rain each in 15-20 minutes. \"Very strong winds accompanied the rain at Palam because of which arrivals had to be stopped at the IGI airport for around 15 minutes just after 3pm. Aircraft were unable to stick to their prescribed routes and kept deviating to avoid rough patches. While no commercial operations were affected, an Air Force flight was diverted to Agra and a private aircraft coming from Chandigarh to Delhi was diverted to Jaipur. Boarding at terminal 1D - where there are no aerobridges - was also stopped for a short while during the storm,\" said an airport source.According to Met officials, the rain was a result of an induced circulation that had formed over Rajasthan and had started moving east, northeastwards. \"The circulation formed in association with a western disturbance that was lying over the western Himalayan region during the day. The system started moving eastwards and brought rain and thundershowers over Delhi and Haryana. By the time it crossed the city, it had already weakened ,\" said a Met official.Due to the western disturbance, the winds had been southerly and there was some amount of moisture already present in the atmosphere, the official added. \"This also fed the system and helped in the intensity of the rain. Now the western disturbance is also moving away and we are expecting the cold northerlies to return,\" said the official.With this short spell of rain, a Met official has warned that the next couple of days are likely to be more chilly than usual, especially in the mornings. Visibility may also drop slightly if the temperature falls. By Friday, the weather will return to normal. On Tuesday, city's maximum temperature recorded just before the squall, was 31.8 degrees Celsius while the minimum was 17.4 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16935671", "title": "Kissing dogs can cause gum disease", "text": "NEW YORK: Man's best friend can also give him gum disease! Researchers have found that dogs have a lot of bacteria in their mouths and these can be transmitted to humans and cause periodontal problems.In a study published in the Archives of Oral Biology, Japanese researchers scraped plaque off the choppers of 66 dogs and 81 humans at an animal clinic and a dog obedience school \u2014 and putting the slimy stuff under the microscope, New York Daily News reported. Mouths of dogs were rife with the bacteria that causes gum disease in human beings like Porphyromonas gulae, Tannerella forsythia, and the Campylobacter rectus. There were smaller percentages of the same bacteria in the humans.\"The results suggest that several periodontopathic species could be transmitted between humans and their companion,\" researchers wrote. Dr Ann Hohenhaus at Animal Medical Center in Manhattan said the study doesn't prove conclusively that kissing dogs poses any danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16934983", "title": "CM to be in Indore for Global Investors Summit", "text": "INDORE: The state chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan , will be finally reviewing the preparations of the forthcoming Global Investors Summit (GIS) in Indore on October 25. He will be holding the meeting of the officials concerned at Labh Ganga, which is the venue for the three-day event, which begins on October 28. The CM is likely to be in the city for four days at a stretch during the entire GIS.It will be followed by the unveiling of the IT Crystal Park and Namkeen Cluster in Indore on October 27.It was in this context that the AKVN (I) reached agreement with 11 industries here o9n Tuesday. Altogether, they are likely to invest a sum of Rs 95.43 crore. Also, 1666 people are likely to get employment through these industries. They belong to sectors like pharma, auto, textile, paper &amp; plastic, said an official of AKVN.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16934769", "title": "Poll panel seizes tonne of silver, traders angry", "text": "RAJKOT: The seizure of nearly 1,000 kg silver on the Ahmedabad-Rajkot highway sparked massive outrage among local traders, who claimed that the consignment was meant to be delivered to jewellers.On Tuesday morning, police stopped a vehicle near Kuvadva check-post on the city's outskirts and found 2,000 kg silver. Of this, 1,000 kg was seized as the carriers had no proper documents.Police are questioning the driver of the vehicle Dinesh Parmar. Sources say the silver consignment was sent by Vishnu Patel, owner of Ishwar Bechar Angadia firm from Ahmedabad to its Rajkot office near Kothariya Naka.Police also informed the static surveillance team of Election Commission and income tax department about the seizure.As soon as the news spread, traders from Soni Bazar rushed to Kuvadava Road police station. The angry traders also called for a bandh to protest against the seizure and said that police was harassing them ahead of the festival season on the pretext of election duty. \"The police are unnecessarily harassing us citing the model code of conduct. Traders have produced all the relevant documents for the consignment,\" said Bhayabhai Shaholiya, president of Gold Dealers' Association.\"Traders in many parts of the state joined our protest call against the seizure and stayed away from work. How can we work if our consignments are seized like this?\" Shaholiya said.\"If police are going to work in this manner, no one will be able to run their business in the city,\" said Sameer Shah, president, Rajkot Chamber of Commerce and Industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "haridwar", "code": "16934454", "title": "Content with UP BJP's role in my yatra: Uma Bharati", "text": "HARIDWAR: The Bharatiya Janata Party leader Uma Bharati will not make any political statement till the culmination of her Ganga Samagra Yatra.Speaking exclusively to TOI as her yatra entered Uttarakhand, the firebrand BJP leader said it was a mistake to make a statement on Ayodhya dispute at Siddhupura in Kasganj during the course of yatra. \"No Kalyan, no Kejriwal, right now the focus is on the yatra. Let me return from yatra then will talk politics,\" she told TOI.Uma's Ganga Samagra Yatra crossed UP borders on Monday to reach Haridwar for a three-day halt before it resumes on October 26 for the final destination - Gangotri.Summing up her yatra so far, Uma said it had three main highlights - her misunderstanding with West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee over the yatra route, self-less support by Bihar BJP leaders, and response on the expected lines from UP BJP leaders.The first-time MLA from Charkhari in UP said, \"I got whatever I was told in UP before the yatra started. The state BJP chief welcomed the yatra and was again present from Garh Mukteshwar till Meerut. Similarly, senior leader Kesari Nath Tripathi was present in Allahabad,\" and added that \"obviously I can't expect Murli Manohar Joshi to be present during the yatra.\"Dismissing reports that UP BJP leaders gave a cold shoulder to her yatra, Uma said the media in Uttar Pradesh is in the habit of raking up disputes within the state leadership. \"I got the response (in UP) I was expecting,\" she said and added that the BJP leaders were not allowed to share the dais since the yatra was apolitical.About poor response in Allahabad, Kanpur and some areas after Kannauj, Uma said despite some confusion in Kanpur, the response was up to the mark. On reports that BJP MLAs from the city didn't meet her, the BJP leaders said they were the ones who welcomed her and were also present to see her off.The firebrand leader, however, said FDI in retail was not a political issue since it will affect those living on the banks of the Ganga like bangle makers and craftsmen.Clearing the air on her misunderstanding with Mamata Banerjee, the BJP leader said, \"Initially, I thought it was Mamata Bannerjee's deliberate move to scuttle my yatra by changing the route and not allowing public meetings. Even though she has been a good friend since 1996, when she directed for such measures, I also wrote back to her as chief minister and not as friend.\" Uma added that later she learnt that Mamata had changed her yatra route as she feared some groups might disrupt the yatra at a time when trouble was brewing in the neighbouring state of Assam.On the presence of Bihar BJP chief CP Thakur and deputy chief minister in Nitish government Sushil Modi in her yatra, Uma said it was their personal choice. \"Similarly, I am satisfied with state BJP in UP,\" she said on a parting note, leaving to meet the scribes at a press conference in Divya Mission near Chandighat bridge.The Ganga Samagra Yatra, which began on September 20 from Gangasagar in West Bengal, to spread awareness among people on keeping the river clean and pious, will culminate at Gangotri on October 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16935865", "title": "Anand Chauhan says all documents of Virbhadra Singh are correct", "text": "SHIMLA: Shimla-based LIC agent Anand Chauhan, who became the centre of attraction following the BJP allegation that he opened a ghost bank account to facilitate former Himachal Pradesh CM Virbhadra Singh and his family, on Tuesday told mediapersons that all the allegations were wrong.Talking to reporters on phone from in Kyari village, 65km from Shimla, where he had gone to attend the funeral of his brother-in-law, Chauhan said the money deposited in the bank was income through horticulture and was exempted from tax. \"We have all the documents and I would show them on my return to Shimla on October 25,\" Chauhan told the mediapersons. He said the allegations were an attempt by the BJP to malign the image of Virbhadra Singh.Chauhan, who is not known even in his locality at Inder Nagar in Dhalli area of Shimla, was \"missing\" from his house the whole day. His neighbours refused to give any details about him. His house located on a hill slope opposite Dhalli vegetable market wore a deserted look. The three-storeyed building is under construction and the ground floor was locked. A portion of the first floor was occupied by people claiming to be tenants.\"We don't know about Anand Chauhan. Who is he,\" said one of the neighbours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933999", "title": "Spur in demand for fogging studios after Yash Chopra's death from Dengue", "text": "MUMBAI: The Federation of Western India Cine Employees (FWICE) has written to the civic body and Film City authorities demanding immediate measures to curb the mosquito menace at studios in the city and suburbs.FWICE general secretary Dinesh Chaturvedi told TOI, \"The letter is being dispatched as we speak. We will also write to the film studios and producers' body asking them to take measures at studios. Our workers are the most affected as they work outdoors.\"Filmmaker Yash Chopa, who died on Sunday, is said to have been claimed by a combination of dengue and pneumonia. Yash Raj Studios has decided not to file any case against the BMC. A source said, \"We have not filed any complaint. There is regular fumigation at our premises.\"However, Film Studio Setting and Allied Mazdoor Union said sanitation measures are not undertaken. Rangarao Chougule of the union said, \"All outdoor locations, including Film City and Kamalistan, are infested with mosquitoes. The studio authorities do not do anything to maintain sanitation, all they are interested is in rentals.\" A photographer, who covered a celebrity's birthday party held at Film City recently, said, \"All of us were bitten by mosquitoes throughout the night. We couldn't leave as it was an important assignment.\"Malaria and dengue are the most common illnesses among film and television workers. Vice-president of the union Prem Singh Thakur said, \"Most of the time, the employee is not even aware whether it is dengue or malaria. Of late, a lot of dengue cases have been reported. We have instructed our workers to get a specific test done to diagnose dengue.''Member of Association of Motion Picture and Television Programme Producer JD Majithia said, \"We keep mosquito coils and odomos handy on all our sets. We take a lot of precautions and spread awareness among our workers. There is definitely a mosquito menace on film sets. I will request the BMC to regularly conduct fumigation in studios.\"Studios claim that regular fumigation and other measures are undertaken on a regular basis. A source from Filmistan said, \"There is regular fumigation at our premises.\" According to civic health officials, since the last ten days, a squad has been formed in every ward to chalk out a way to address fogging requests. On an average, fumigation is done in every locality at least once in 15 days. This is besides the insecticidal treatment conducted by the BMC. After Chopra's death , the civic body and local corporators have been flooded with requests to carry out fogging in their localities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16941137", "title": "Megan Fox unveils pre-pregnancy skimpy lingerie ad pics", "text": "Megan Fox has given fans a reminder of what made her one of the world's sexiest stars in a new advertisement for gadget chain The Sharper Image.The former 'Transformers' star shot the sexy Guys Love Gadgets ad, wearing thigh-high stockings, stilettos and a black corset, before she fell pregnant with son Noah, Contactmusic reported.However, the campaign has only just been released for Christmas 2012.\"I have always been a bit of a gadget geek and into different types of technology. The campaign is a good fit for me because I love electronics,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16934015", "title": "Bike thief arrested in Pataudi", "text": "GURGAON: A miscreant has been arrested by Pataudi police for stealing a bike and cash from three bikers late on Monday evening. The arrested person revealed the names of two of his aides during interrogation.According to police, one Anand Singh, resident of Sherpur village in Pataudi area, has lodged a complaint with Pataudi police saying that he was waylaid by four youths when he was going towards Narhera village with his two friends, Kripal and Aakash, late on Monday evening on his Pulsur passion bike.Four youths blocked their way and snatched the key of the bike. They also snatched their wallets with Rs 2,200, 1,100 and 900 in them and a mobile phone. When they saw some people they raised an alarm and the accused fled the spot. However, one of them, identified as Monu from Pataudi, was caught and he spilled the beans to police. During the questioning, Monu revealed names of his associates as Parle, Ghanti and Bholi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16934809", "title": "BSF to get new carbines from Italy", "text": "JAISALMER: The Border Security Force personnel are all set to get Beretta guns imported from Italy which will replace their old 9mm carbines. The Union government has already imported 34,377 Beretta MX 4 storm carbines.The BSF was formed in 1965 and since then the guns have been changed twice. Initially the BSF used to have 303 rifles. It was replaced by SLRs and 10 years ago, Insas rifles replaced SLRs. Today, BSF jawans are guarding the border with the latest 7.62mm Insas rifle.According to BSF sources, many battalions of BSF in Rajasthan, Gujarat and Northeast area have got the new Beretta carbines.IG, BSF, Rajasthan frontier, PC Meena confirmed that a few Beretta guns have been received but the proper supply is yet to come.It is being said that a team of BSF had visited Siti Beretta factory at Brescia in Italy on August 2011 and inspected these carbines. Although some problems were found in carbines supplied at Gujarat and Northeast, the complaints were investigated and the company changed 550 carbines. Now the BSF is totally satisfied with Beretta carbine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16934346", "title": "Power tariff hike shuts furnace units in West UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The hike in power tariff for industries has started showing its disturbing impact. Over 50 furnace and rolling mills in western UP districts have shut their operations claiming a sudden surge in the cost of production. This has not only left hundreds of labours and workers in the lurch, but is threatening to hit the real estate industry which is highly dependent on production of iron rods (saria) from these units. The tax which the state gets from these mills too is likely to dip because of the closure.The closures have been reported from districts like Muzzaffarnagar, Bijnor, Ghaziabad and Aligarh. Muzzaffarnagar alone has 22 furnace and nine rolling mills. Likewise, Ghaziabad has a dozen furnace and four rolling mills. Bijnor and Aligarh too have 10 furnace and three rolling mills each catering only to the region but the entire state.Neeraj Bansal, the general secretary of the iron furnace and rolling mills association, confirmed that almost all furnaces in these districts have stopped working.\"The cost of production from these units has risen dramatically forcing us to close down the operations,'' he said while speaking to TOI from Muzzaffarnagar. Bansal said that the hike in power tariff had raised the cost of production by around Rs 1,500 per tonne as compared to Uttarakhand.Power tariff in Uttarakhand for heavy industry is Rs 4.30 per unit while in UP, it has gone up to Rs 6.30 per unit. This makes for a difference of Rs 2 per unit. A furnace consumes over 700 units to produce a ton of `inget' (the raw material for saria) hence the rise of around Rs 1500 per ton.The inget is supplied to the rolling mills where the iron rods and other iron products are manufactured. The mills consume around 125 units to produce a ton of saria. Bansal said that the production cost for saria in rolling mills may still be bearable, provided ingets are supplied from Uttarakhand which is barely 30 km away from Muzzaffarnagar. ``But that anyway would hit the furnace industry badly as rolling mills will start importing ingets from the hill state,'' he said. The impact of an increased power tariff will be felt by the end of this month given the fact that the new tariff comes into application from October 1.The real estate industry too is likely to feel the pinch of the increase in the cost of production of saria. President of UP chapter of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI), SK Garg, said that iron rods make for around 25 % of the total cost of housing. ``This will result in cost escalation of housing units and dampen the growth of real estate industry,'' Garg said.Interestingly, the furnaces and rolling mills have often been on the scanner of the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) following instances of power theft. In 2009, the then energy minister Ramveer Upadhyay had raided several rolling mills in Muzaffarnagar and Meerut and detected power thefts with connivance of power corporation officials through remote controlled meters installed even in power substations. As a matter of fact, the western districts have been reporting high line losses, often touching a figure of 35-40%.Meanwhile, industry department sources said that representatives of the heavy industry are likely to meet UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on October 25 to apprise him about the grave situation they find themselves in. This will be a day before the shut down against tariff hike on October 26 on the call of of Indian Industries Association (IIA). Prashant Bhatia, president of Lucknow chapter of IIA, said that they would be giving a call to the traders' associations as well to join in their protest on the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934673", "title": "Mandals happy with high court decision", "text": "MUMBAI: Navratri revellers and organizers have welcomed the Bombay high court's observation on determining permissions beforehand and raising decibel limits to reasonable levels. Pointing out that the current restrictions are impossible to follow, they say the present system of taking decibel readings unfairly factors in \"ambient sound\" like traffic and human noise.Representative for mandals Manoj Kotak said the sound of traffic in areas like Bhuleshwar or Dadar TT itself crosses 75 dB. \"If the common people are to enjoy any festival, the authorities must rationally set a sound limit. The system of measuring noise levels needs to be reviewed,\" he said.Anti-noise activists told TOI that it was not possible to exclude ambient noise like traffic and human sounds from meter readings.Sankalp president Devendra Joshi said the sound of radio sets and TVs crosses 45-55 dB. He rebuts the argument that residents living in the vicinity of large venues are disturbed by the noise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933585", "title": "Vani Kapoor looks to make an impact in Women's Indian Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: With three domestic tournaments in her kitty this year, Vani Kapoor is looking forward to making an impact in her first appearance as a professional golfer in the sixth edition of the Hero Women's Indian Open.\"I started playing golf eight years back when I was 10. It has been a great journey and it has been an amazing year so far for me. Indian Open will be my first tournament as a pro and I am looking forward to it. I hope to create a mark somewhere,\" Vani told TOI on the sidelines of a press conference.\"I will be playing on my home turf so I am pretty confident about things,\" she added.The three-day championship, sanctioned by Women's Golf Association of India ( WGAI) and Ladies Asian Golf Tour apart from LET, tees off from November 30.Around 108 golfers from more than 25 countries will feature in this edition which carries a total prize purse of $300,000 and will be held at the DLF Golf and Country Club.The Indian challenge will be spearheaded by Sharmila Nicollet, who qualified for the Ladies European Tour (LET) last year, and Smriti Mehra.28 Indian players will compete against a strong international field which will include the likes of Laura Davies and defending champion Caroline Hedwall, among others.Vani admitted that the tournament has a strong field. \"It is going to be a tough field. Personally I would be aiming to finish among the top 20,\" she said. \"The main motivation is that I need to achieve my goals. It doesn't matter where I stand as far as I get the results I want.\"Vani stressed on the need to promote the sport at the grassroots level and take it to the schools and colleges and to middle class people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933744", "title": "Vishnu Vardhan overcomes Ashwin in first round", "text": "MUMBAI: Top seed Vishnu Vardhan overcame a spirited challenge from fellow Hyderabadi Ashwin Vijayraghavan to win the nearly three-hour long first round match of the $15,000 CCI-ITF Futures tennis tournament, 6-4, 5-7, 6-3 on Tuesday.Vardhan's penchant for aces was on display again, as he set the tone of the match with one at the first serve, and added twelve more to it overall. After, a tentative start the Davis Cupper found his footing and claimed the first set.However, after pocketing the first set, the 25-year-old faced some niggles, underlined by double faults and unforced errors that finally cost him the set.Trailing 5-3, Vijayraghavan broke Vardhan's service in the ninth game and went on get on an equal footing with 5-5, before ultimately winning the set 7-5.The decider saw Vardhan make a come-back as he made short work of Vijayraghavan's efforts, frustrating the latter to banging his racket at least thrice.With a win in the bag, Vardhan applauded his opponent's spirit.Results:Men's Singles Rd 1: 8-Ranjeet Virali-Murugesan (IND) bt Reid Carleton (IND) 4-1 (retd.); 5-Saketh Myneni (IND) bt Neeraj Elangovan (IND) 6-2, 6-1; 7-Vijayant Malik (IND) bt William Kendall (USA) 6-4, 7-5; 2-Christopher Rungkat (INA) bt Siddharth Rawat (IND) 6-3, 6-1; 4-Liang-Chi Huang (TPE) bt N. Vijay Sundar Prashanth 6-2, 6-7(2), 6-2; 1-Vishnu Vardhan (IND) bt Ashwin Vijayragavan (IND) 6-4, 5-7, 6-3; Mohit Mayur (IND) bt Peng Chih Hsueh (TPE) 6-3, 6-2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16940834", "title": "Two jockeys suspended for careless riding", "text": "MUMBAI: The Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC) has suspended two jockeys for careless riding during races took place on October 7.The stewards of the RWITC suspended jockeys Tushar Nemane and Akshay for a day each for causing interference to many horses in the upper division of the Hawk Bay Plate. Jockey Prabhu Naidu, who was riding Mzima, nearly survived a fall after his horse suddenly stumbled.In that race, approaching 900 metres from the winning post, Nemane, riding Mountain Song, shifted his horse out and carried another horse Afsoon (jockey Nikhil Bhujbal) further out.At the same time Akshay, riding Silver Silver, shifted his horse in and forced Apocalypse (jockey S Mosin) to shift in which in turned forced Afsoon to shift in. As Afsoon shifted suddenly in, another horse Mzima, who was racing behind Afsoon, clipped the hind heels of Afsoon and stumbled, nearly dislodging its rider Naidu.Stewards called both the jockeys along with their spokesmen for an inquiry last week. According to a statement issued by the RWITC, stewards heard them and saw the recording of the race.The stewards were not satisfied with the explanation tendered by both the jockeys and held them guilty of careless riding on their mounts. Both the jockeys were suspended for the opening day of the upcoming Mumbai Season which starts on November 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16935350", "title": "\u2018Nympho\u2019 lioness turns the heat on males in Gujarat", "text": "RAJKOT: Strange behaviour of a lioness has raised curiosity among wildlife activists and forest officials in Savarkundla, Amreli district of Gujarat .The lioness, believed to be 10 years old, is seen mating with lions much more frequently, a behaviour that is far from normal. Unlike normal lioness, who do not mate for 12 to 18 months after the mating season, this lioness is seen in the act every fortnight.According to sources \u2014 who have seen this lioness in forest near Savarkundla of Amreli district \u2014 unlike other lioness, this lioness comes into the heat regularly. In fact, eyewitnesses say they see this lioness coming into the heat every fortnight.\"Locally this lioness is called 'Varol'. There are three lions and one lioness in the area. Few months ago we first spotted the lioness mating with a lion and after few days she was again seen mating with another lion. We continued to monitor her and we were surprised that she comes into the heat regularly. This is extremely unusual,'' a wildlife activist from Savarkundla said. Forest officials confirmed the behaviour of the lioness. \"This lioness is nymphomaniac,\" a forest official, who worked in Gir for close to eight years, said.Wildlife experts said those lionesses who are unable to conceive after the mating show such characteristics. \"In such cases, the lioness comes into heat every 14 days. There may be fertility issue, but it is a rare a case. In 2003, one lioness with such behaviour was spotted in Tulsishyam forest range in Gir east division. However, this is not a disease or any problem,'' head, conservation biology and animal ecology at Dehradun-based Wildlife Institute of India, Dr Y V Zhala said told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16941292", "title": "Family history of schizophrenia linked to autism", "text": "Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD) probably shares a root cause with other mental illnesses, including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, according to a new research.ASD, a category that includes autism, Asperger Syndrome , and Pervasive Developmental Disorder , are characterized by difficulty with social interaction and communication, or repetitive behaviors.At first glance, schizophrenia and autism may look like completely different illnesses, but closer inspection reveals many common traits, including social and cognitive dysfunction and a decreased ability to lead normal lives and function in the real world, said Dr. Mark Weiser of Tel Aviv University's Sackler Faculty of Medicine and the Sheba Medical Center.Studying extensive databases in Israel and Sweden , the researchers discovered that the two illnesses had a genetic link, representing a heightened risk within families.They found that people who have a schizophrenic sibling are 12 times more likely to have autism than those with no schizophrenia in the family. The presence of bipolar disorder in a sibling showed a similar pattern of association, but to a lesser degree.A scientific leap forward, this study sheds new light on the genetics of these disorders. The results will help scientists better understand the genetics of mental illness, said Dr. Weiser, and may prove to be a fruitful direction for future research.The researchers are now taking this research in a clinical direction. For now, though, the findings shouldn't influence the way that doctors treat patients with either illness, he added.This work was done in collaboration with researchers at the University of North Carolina , Karolinska Institute in Sweden, Kings College London , and the Israeli Defense Force Medical Corps.The findings have been published in the Archives of General Psychiatry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16935685", "title": "Youths cheated on pretext of sending them abroad", "text": "LUDHIANA: Additional commissioner police, north, Swapan Sharma said fake currency gang kingpin Rajbir Yadav, 35, was arrested from the city on Monday.The accused belonged to Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh and was a hosiery worker in the city till the age of 15. He later moved to Nepal, where he continued the same work for some time. In 2007, he met Shahid and Kashim from Pakistan and got involved in the business of fake currency, police said. Police said the three flushed fake currency worth Rs 6.5 crore into Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Gujarat.The accused returned to India and was caught by Intelligence Bureau at Kolkata in the same year. He remained in jail for some time. He then kidnapped steel tycoon Sanjay Surekha from Kathmandu and kept him hostage for 17 days, releasing him after taking Rs 1 crore. The accused was also booked by Beora police in Bhopal for defrauding three men\u2014 Mukul Rai from Patiala, Happy from Khanna and Rinku from Mandi Gobindgarh \u2014 on the pretext of sending them abroad.The accused had promised Mukul's family that he would send him to Canada. He instead took Mukul to Beura and with the help of two people, he gave him drugs and made him call his parents from some fake SIM cards of Canada. Mukul's parents made the payment to Rajbir near Gurdwara Dukh Nivaran Sahib in Patiala.Later, the accused cheated Mukul's friends in the same manner. The victims finally registered a case against him.\"We have recovered a country-made 12 bore pistol from him along with two live cartridges. There are seven cases against the accused in Kolkata, two in Kathmandu, two in Ludhiana and three in Bhopal,\" said SHO Kotwali, Surinder Mohan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933458", "title": "SP suspended over kidnap drama", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Tuesday ordered the suspension of Police Transport Organisation (PTO) superintendent of police (SP) E Lakshminarayana for colluding with dismissed head constable K N Giri Prasad Sarma in staging a kidnap drama.On September 12, head constable Giri Prasad Sarma had 'kidnapped' the SP, demanding revokation of his suspension orders. The seven-hour kidnap drama ended only after the intervention of DGP V Dinesh Reddy, who later ordered an inquiry into the incident. Based on the inquiry report, the DGP had dismissed Sarma from service and a report has been sent to the state government recommending suspension of the SP.Referring to the letter sent by DGP on October 12, the government on Tuesday issued a GO no.1917 suspending the SP. \"After careful consideration of the available material and having due regard to the circumstances of the case, the government is satisfied that it is necessary to place E Lakshminarayana, SP (tech), PTO, under suspension for involvement in the hostage issue in collusion with K N Giri Prasad, which tarnished the image of the police department,\" the GO stated.As per the GO, the SP would continue to be under suspension in public interest until the conclusion of disciplinary proceedings. The SP was also ordered to not leave the headquarters without obtaining prior permission from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934277", "title": "Could goitre be genetic disorder?", "text": "NAGPUR: Korkus in Melghat, for that matter most tribals, have long been known to suffer from goitre (enlarged thyroid gland). The assumption till now has been that tribals do not consume enough iodine and hence suffer from goitre. However, the belief has changed over past decade or more and a new hypothesis attributing the disease to genetics has emerged.Dr Madan Kapre and his team have been conducting surgical workshops in Melghat since 2001 with support from Rotary Club of Nagpur (South) to treat the disease. They have operated over 100 patients so far at an average of 9-10 patients each year. In the last few years, he has begun to believe that the iodine deficiency may not be the cause of goitre among these tribals.All Korkus for the past few decades have stopped eating the conventional salt without iodine. Instead, they eat the iodized salt available in market. They also do not eat any goiterogenic vegetables (that prevent iodine absorption in body) like cauliflower, cabbage etc. In fact, they eat a lot of fish which is rich in iodine. Yet, the incidence of disease has not declined. \"Hence, we are planning to conduct a research and check whether the cause could be genetic ,\" Dr Kapre told TOI.The course of action of research and the agencies to be involved are yet to be finalized. The doctors themselves cannot conduct this kind of basic research. Available literature shows that 4-7% people suffer from goitre in even developed countries like UK and USA. The disease, however, is not restricted to any population or area. Studies have also shown that it could be due to a faulty codon (number 727) on the PQ chromose-14 which has the gene called 'MNG' or multi-nodule goitre.But whether or not this applies to Indian population which is genetically different from the western one is not known. \"This could be a real good revelation. Practically human body needs an extremely small quantity of iodine and only extremely unhealthy dietary conditions can cause disease. I personally do not think the Korkus suffer such severe iodine deficiency,\" said Dr Kapre.He admits that iodine deficiency was more serious in women in general and Korku women are not an exception. Women have lot of fluctuations in their hormone levels due to their menstrual cycle which could be one reason for higher incidence in them. The research will take all these facts into account. It will also have a control sample study. A majority of the time goitre in men has been found to be cancerous.Dr Vivek Deshpande, president of Rotary (South) Club of Nagpur, said that as usual this year too all ten patients operated in the camp held a few days back were women. \"The camp has evolved over the years into an academic workshop. Doctors from all over the country, both seniors and learners, come for it. This year we had 22 ENT surgeons. Rotary has created a special operation theatre with all the infrastructure for the surgical camp at the rural hospital in Chikhaldara,\" said Dr Deshpande. This year besides Dr Kapre the medical faculty consisted of Dr Devendra Mahore, surgeon, and Dr Vidula Kapre and Dr R B Deshmukh, anaesthetists.The Rotary team does a lot of ground work with support from forest department, public health department and the civil surgeon of Amravati before the camp. This year, a 50-year-old woman Mangu Somu Dhikar was brought for the surgery from village Borda, a village 250km from Chikhaldara, with help from Dr Tulsidas Bhilawekar, the only Korku doctor in the region.Rotarian Amit Gokhale was the project director and was supported by secretary Jayant Mokadam along with Madhu Shah, Manik Kaswa, Sharad Thombre, Ravi Gandhe, Hemant Shah, Milind Pathak, Milind Pande, Sanjay Tatawawadi, Hemant Marathe, and Prakash Kapre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938015", "title": "Kumar Taurani praises Shruti Hassan", "text": "Shruti Hassan was recently admitted to the hospital for severe exhaustion and dehydration, while in Chennai on business.The actress who was shooting for a grueling outdoor schedule, for Kumar Taurani's film directed by Prabhu Deva, was put on drip and advised complete bed rest before she resumed shooting for the film. However, not wanting to inconvenience the cast and crew of the film, Shruti flew down from Chennai the very day she was discharged to shoot for a high-energy song choreographed by Prabhu Deva himself, that had the entire cast and crew impressed to no end.Says producer Kumar Taurani, \"Shruti is a very talented and professional girl. Despite her falling ill she insisted on shooting and didn't want to inconvenience the rest of the cast and crew. We are very impressed with her dedication.\"The actress, in fact, is still in Bhor completing the last bits of her schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933488", "title": "26 arrested in Ameenpur double murder case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The RC Puram police on Tuesday arrested 26 persons, including a TDP leader's brother, in the Ameenpur double murder case.On Saturday, a gang of 35 members belonging to Ilapur village and Malkajgiri in the city waylaid two businessmen Mohammed Mustafa Hussain, 37, and his brother Mohammed Riyaz Hussain, 35, of Misrigunj in the Old City and stabbed them to death. The culprits even fired on the brothers with their licensed weapons.During preliminary enquiry, police found that there was a long-standing dispute between the Hussain family and several people hailing from Ilapur village over the ownership of 1,263 acres of land in Ilapur.\"On October 18, the AP high court gave an order in favour of the Hussains and they took possession of their share of land in the 1,236 acres,\" RC Puram circle inspector (CI) B Sudarshan Reddy said.Armed with the court order, the brothers immediately built a small shed on the land and took an electricity connection. Fearing that the duo would soon take possession of the entire land, their rivals hatched a plan to eliminate them.To lure the brothers into a trap, the rivals damaged an electric pole and fencing on the land on October 19. The brothers went to the IDA Bollarum police station to lodge a complaint on October 20, after they were alerted by the watchman, Chander. As Ilapur village falls in Patancheru police limits, the IDA Bollarum SI directed the victims to go there.The duo then got into their car and headed towards Patancheru. Their car was tailed by the rivals all the way from the Bollarum police station and they intercepted the vehicle at Lala Bai Colony in Ameenpur village.After stopping the vehicle, the assailants who had arrived there in three cars and eight bikes attacked the brothers. \"The two were stabbed several times and then shot dead with a double barrel gun,\" the CI said.After a thorough probe, police have arrested 26 persons, including prime accused M A Mukeem, an advocate, his brother MA Azeem of Ilapur, Mukeem's driver Mohammed Khaleem, Laxmi Narsimham, assistant to Mukeem's elder brother M A Faheem of Anandbagh near Malkajgiri and their associates from various hideouts in the city.\"We have seized three four-wheelers, eight bikes, two pistols and a double barrel gun licensed in the name of prime accused and his two brothers,\" the CI said. Eight other accused, including Mukeem's elder brother Faheem, a TDP leader from Malkajgiri, are absconding. The culprits were produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16933634", "title": "Tariff hike hits industries", "text": "LUCKNOW: The hike in power tariff for industries has started showing its impact. Over 50 furnace and rolling mills in western UP districts have stopped operations, claiming a surge in cost of production. In addition to leaving hundreds of workers in the lurch, the closure may hit the real estate sector, dependent on production of iron rods from these units. The tax collected from these mills is also expected to dip.Closures have been reported from Muzzaffarnagar, Bijnor, Ghaziabad and Aligarh. Muzzaffarnagar alone has 22 furnace and nine rolling mills. Ghaziabad has a dozen furnace and four rolling mills. Bijnor and Aligarh have 10 furnace and three rolling mills each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933496", "title": "Convertible rickshaws launched", "text": "NEW DELHI: A cycle rickshaw which can be converted into a night shelter for homeless and having features like reading light, FM radio, a small electric fan and a mobile charging port was on Tuesday unveiled by chief minister Sheila Dikshit .The cycle rickshaw, named as 'Sukun' (relief) has been developed by St Stephen's College to provide shelter to homeless rickshaw pullers of the city. Dikshit said the unique innovation would go a long way in improving lives of homeless rickshaw pullers as they would not require to sleep on the footpaths and road dividers.The convertible rickshaw would cost around Rs 15,000, more than double of a conventional rickshaw, which costs around Rs 7,000. Officials said a micro finance scheme would be launched under which a rickshaw owner will have to pay a daily installment of Rs 50 which will mean an EMI of Rs 1,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16941926", "title": "Brand steps out of house in underpants", "text": "Comedian Russell Brand was spotted coming out of his house in just underpants.The 37-year-old was seen escorting a female friend out of his house here at seven in the morning, while a cab waited for her. However, the comedian rushed back inside after realising that people had taken notice of him.\"The gates to his driveway swung open and there is Russell strolling down in just a pair of white granddad pants,\" thesun.co.uk quoted a source as saying.\"A neighbour shouted to him, 'Good morning, Russell'. He turned bright red and ran back inside,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16935690", "title": "Chidambaram hopes NIB doesn\u2019t go the Natgrid way", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday hoped his proposal for a National Investment Board would not meet the same fate as Natgrid \u2014 an initiative aimed at integrating security-related data -\u2014 that was caught in turf wars within the government.Chidambaram said, \"I hope the NIB that I have proposed does not meet the same fate.\" He earlier pointed in a jocular fashion that \"every wrong option has a lobby in India\" while speaking on the theme that policy making was often crisis driven.Chidambaram said almost all reform was opposed in India and Natgrid was made out to be an \"Orwellian monster\" despite a law having been passed to enhance coordination of counter-terrorism operations.Chidambaram also spoke of the government's decision to move to cash transfers, laying out a roadmap that will see student scholarships first being effected through electronic transfers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16940569", "title": "Caterham driver Heikki Kovalainen looking forward to Indian GP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Impressed with the layout and features of Buddh International Circuit at Greater Noida, Finnish Formula One driver Heikki Kovalainen says he is excited to race in the Indian Grand Prix (IGP) this weekend.Kovalainen, one of the two drivers of bottom-placed Caterham team, considers BIC different from the other new tracks and wants to do well at the second edition of the IGP.\"It's our second time racing in India and I'm excited about getting back here. Last year, I think we were all impressed with what they did with the circuit,\" Kovalainen, who finished 14th in the Indian Grand Prix last year after starting 18th at the grid, said.\"...the layout was really good, an interesting mix of elevation changes and different types of corners, not what we've seen at a lot of the newer circuits so one I think we all enjoyed,\" he added.Kovalainen, who is yet to score a point so far in the season, said his team would look for a strong show at the BIC.\"Performance-wise I think we're all realistic about what we can do in India, but that doesn't mean we're not working as hard as we can to keep progressing.The guys behind us are putting up a good fight and, while we have clear air between us on track, we need to make sure we keep that gap, and, where possible, take advantage of anything that happens ahead,\" he said.Kovalainen began his F1 Championship career for Renault in 2007 and has one win to his credit -- the Hungarian Grand Prix in 2008 -- while racing for McLaren.He finished 22nd last season without scoring any point.Kovalainen's teammate, Vitaly Petrov of Russia said his team which is currently standing at 11th position in the constructors standings, is looking forward to have more practice time than the previous leg of the F1 Championships in Korea.\"In Korea, we didn't have as much track time in practice sessions as we'd have liked, so one of the main objectives will be making sure we get as many laps done as possible so we go into Sunday knowing as much as we can about the tyre behaviour over a race distance,\" said Petrov, who finished 11th in the inaugural edition of the Indian GP , last year.Petrov said the the \"smooth and wide\" BIC track was one of the good circuits in the Championships and the drivers could come up with faster timings.\"The Indian track is one of the good ones. It's pretty smooth, nice and wide, so you can take different lines into some of the corners, and it has a couple of really good corners like the double left turns five and six which you come into quickly, and then braking for the chicane through seven, eight and nine.\"The track surface itself is pretty similar to Korea. It will evolve a lot over the weekend and you'll see times coming down as the grip levels improve but, as with the whole year, managing the tyres is going to be really important,\" said the Russian who like Kovalainen is yet to open his account in the season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934610", "title": "Promoting Hindu-Muslim unity through garba", "text": "JAIPUR: Displaying centuries old ethos of communal harmony through fun and frolic, a group of 15 people - 12 Muslims and 3 Hindus - all hailing from the Walled City are behind the city's most enchanting Garba nights at SMS investment ground.The ground was decorated keeping the tradition and religious beliefs. The garba begins with mahaarti before a 10-feet-tall idol of Goddess Durga, especially designed for the occasion.Shakeel Khan, one of the organizers recounted, \"In my childhood, I actively participated in organizing garbas in my locality. Here I am using all my expertise learnt from organizing the garbas from Mohallas to narrow streets. To maintain the sanctity, they have asked a Brahmin to perform the puja.\"Shakeel believes that taking part in garba, i.e., music and dance, is part of the city's shared culture. \"Still in Walled city areas which has a mixed population you cannot differentiate between Hindus and Muslims even after playing garba for the whole night,\" Shakeel added. His co-partner, Shashi Soni, came up with the idea of taking it to a different level by organising it at a premier location.\"I couldn't think of doing this without my brother Shakeel,\" he said adding that it is Shakeel who insisted on introducing the ethos of Walled City before the public. A battery of bouncers keeping guard at the venue are all Muslim youths and drawn from the gyms of the Walled City. For many, it is their first assignment but they ensured that the sanctity of the festival is maintained.\"We don't allow anyone to go near the idol. Smoking and drinking are strictly prohibited unlike in other venues,\" Farooq Khan, a bouncer said.Times ViewOver the last couple of decades, many have despaired at the rise of communal and fundamentalist elements in more than one community. It is easy in that context to feel that all hope is lost and we are destined to live as a divided society. Yet, examples of this kind of intermingling between communities abound in India. People of one community being intrinsically linked with the religious festivals of others, people of different faiths praying at the same shrine, singers of one community excelling in devotional songs of the other, these are all so routine that we take them for granted. Perhaps that is why we fail to notice that even today communal amity has deeper roots in our soil than communal tensions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16934965", "title": "Leaders focus on Tibet, Xinjiang", "text": "Top Chinese leaders are brainstorming about initiatives that would help bring stability to Tibet and Xinjiang, the two strategic regions marred by ethnic unrest, to ensure the success of the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, which will start on Nov 8, official media in Beijing reported on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934043", "title": "High court ruling on auto, taxi tariff cards does no good", "text": "MUMBAI: Though the transport department is implementing the Bombay high court directive to paste the auto and taxi tariff cards behind the driver's seat (TOI was the first to report about the order), commuters have been alleging that the ruling is being misused.Reportedly, drivers paste xerox or fudged copies of tariff cards. \"How does one know if the pasted card is genuine? Merely asking drivers to paste the cards will not suffice. The RTO should check every vehicle and ascertain that genuine cards are pasted,\" said activist Sunil Mone, suggesting that each card can have holograms to prove its authenticity.Commuter rights groups have demanded that RTOs should paste the cards at the time of meter recalibration along with a stamp of approval on them. A passenger said, \"The fudged cards bear the signatures of MMRTA chairman and its secretary. They have Rs 15 written as the minimum fare and the subsequent per km fare as Rs 9.87. However, the fares for higher distances are fudged,\" he alleged. The state transport commissioner said any case of fake tariff card should be brought to the notice of the RTO. Refusing to issue any directive regarding the HC order, he said, \"I will have to follow the instructions given by the judge,\" he said, adding that the one should check for the colour of the pasted cards. The card should be white in an auto with e-meter, blue for mechanical meters and blue for taxis.Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said most autos and taxis are yet to paste the cards and threatened to file a \"contempt of court\" case against the transport department.However, More, said that tariff cards will not be an issue in the near future. \"It is a temporary problem till all vehicles are fitted with e-meters. Subsequently, you can check fares directly on the meter,\" he said, adding that in most likelihood, almost all the 70,000 autos with mechanical meters will switch to e-meters within a month.Auto union leaders too are making appeals to drivers to dump the mechanical meters for electronic ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16935714", "title": "IAF fail again to convert lead into victory", "text": "LUDHIANA: Army XI came out on the top in a battle of nerves against Indian Air Force in the \"All India Sahibzada Ajit Singh Hockey Champion Trophy 2012\" at Prithipal Singh Hockey Stadium on PAU on Tuesday.Played on a hazy afternoon, the match turned out to be a real show of grit from both sides, but ended in Army XI's favour at 3-1.The IAF men were evidently disappointed having lost the match after scoring a lead in their second consecutive match. On Tuesday, their first goal came from Harwant Singh's stick 18 minutes into the game, but they couldn't defend the lead for long, as E Lakra scored the equalizer for Army XI.The defensive play from both the sides kept the scores leveled till the far end of the match, until Poovanna of Army XI scored in the 59th minute with a drag flick that sent the ball into top right corner of the post. Army XI sealed their victory with another goal in the 64th minute of the match.In the second match of the day, Punjab National Bank (PNB) consolidated its goal average with a 6-1 win over Baba Farid Club (BFC).PNB took the lead in the ninth minute and doubled it in 16th when captain Jalwinder Singh Tony sent the ball home. The second half witnessed a hat-trick by Ranjit Singh of PNB, who scored in 40th, 43rd and 66th minutes of the game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934065", "title": "Central Railway squad busts ticket racket, but accused flees", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-fraud squad of Central Railway busted a racket by nabbing a man who forged signatures of ministers to confirm train tickets under the emergency quota. But the accused fled when he was when being taken to the GRP at CST station.In the FIR, the GRP stated that the accused used to submit a request for confirmation of tickets under emergency quotas on the letterheads of elected representatives.On Oct 10, the anti-fraud squad was tipped off after an official from CR's commercial department noticed that a request for confirmation of a berth in Pawan Express for one person had come on three different letterheads\u2014 Directorate of Public Affairs, minister of railways, Rakesh Singh, minister for telecommunication and MP Sanjay Nirupam. The official noticed that Nirupam's signature was overwritten. The squad than began to keep a watch on the assistant commercial manager's office's at CST. The breakthrough came on Oct 19 but the accused fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16941427", "title": "Argentine president meets singer Luis Miguel", "text": "Argentine President Cristina Fernandez has met Mexican singer Luis Miguel, currently visiting the South American country to give a series of concerts.Officials said that Fernandez met with the artist in her office in the Casa Rosada, seat of the Argentine presidency.Upon entering her office, Miguel greeted members of the human rights group Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo, who had been received earlier by Fernandez.Luis Miguel followed his meeting with the head of state by offering a recital at a gala dinner with fans in Buenos Aires .The singer kicked off a series of concerts in Argentina Oct 13 in the northern province of Corrientes, and his tour will continue to the cities of Rosario and Cordoba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933483", "title": "Curbs in place for immersion, Dusshera", "text": "MUMBAI: The traffic police have issued restrictions for Wednesday's Dusshera festivities and Durga immersion to ensure the flow of vehicles.Some key roads closed are:Sardar Patel Road (Tardeo) from its junction with Justice Sitaram Parkar Road and Dr NA Purandare Road.Dattaram Lad Road (Kalachowkie junction) to Shravan Yashwant Chowk.Elphinstone Road bridge in Bhoiwada.Veer Savarkar Road (Mahim) from its junction with LJ Road to its junction with SK Bole Marg (Siddhivinayak junction).Shivaji Park roads no 3 and 4Tilak Bridge from Khodadad circle to Kotwal circle.S V Road (Bandra) from Church Avenue junction to Turner Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16935214", "title": "Murder victim's family ransack girl's house", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Relatives of the college student, who was murdered by his classmate following tussle for a girl in Khurda, ransacked the girl's house on Tuesday.The bereaved family of the slain youth Tara Pranab Singh vented their ire on the girl's family, who live in front of their house at Gurujanga village. They vandalized the house and set several household belongings on fire when the girl's family was away.\"She is responsible for my nephew's murder. He had no relation with her. She must have connived with the others to kill him,\" said Tapan Kumar Singh, his uncle.The incensed relatives even went on the rampage in the house an accused. Six youths, including Singh's classmate Dipak Pradhan (prime accused) were arrested on Monday. \"In a fit of rage, Singh's family vented their anger on the girl's family. The situation is under control now,\" said SP (Khurda) Dayanidhi Gochhayat. \"No complaint has been lodged by the girl's family,\" Gochhayat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16939480", "title": "Three held for dacoity attempt", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police have foiled an attempt of dacoity at a dairy near Dandekar bridge area following the arrest of gang of three suspects. The police have seized a firearm and five choppers from the suspects.The suspects have been identified as Kunal Rajendra Pardeshi (24) of Ghorpade Peth, Nitesh Vinayak Sable (21) of Balajinagar, Dhankawdi and Sohail Farukh Shaikh (18) of Khadakmal.The Vishramabaug police team led by inspector Rajendra Sawant made the arrests.Sawant said that the police constable Sunil Dhamale and Sarika Sanap noticed the trio near the S P College ground. Dhamale got suspicious after noticing one of the youth putting something that resembled to a gun into his pocket. With the help of local people, Dhamale and Sanap nabbed the suspects after a hot chase.The investigations have revealed that trio had hatched the plot to commit dacoity at a dairy and later commit a murder of their rival, who was playing cricket on the ground, Sawant said.Sawant said that two more accomplices of the trio managed to flee from the spot. \"We have launched a massive search operation to trace the duo,\" he said.The suspects were produced before the court and remanded to police custody till October 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16939514", "title": "Online events ahead of techno management fest at IIT Kharagpur.", "text": "PUNE: A series of online events will commence from the first week of November in the run up to the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Kharagpur s prestigious techno-management fest 'Kshitij 2013 , which is to be held from February 1 to 4, 2013 at Kharagpur.The idea is to enable students from engineering colleges across the country to start preparing their submissions for the event and send the same by December 15, organisers of 'Kshitij have stated in a release here on Tuesday. To participate in the fest, students need to register on the website: www.ktj.in.'Kshitij offers a national platform for engineering students to showcase their technical and managerial prowess in 40 events encompassing nine genres. The annual techno-management event, which started in 2004, saw a total participation of over 50,000 students and a prize money of Rs 60 lakh in the last edition held earlier this year.The numerous globally known certifications like ACM, ASME, IMechE, IEEE and ASHRAE associated with the event, stand testimony to the quality of participation in the festival.The ACM, which is widely regarded as the most prestigious certification in the field of computer science, is associated with popular night-long coding competition 'Overnite . Events like aircraft designing competition 'Laws of Motion are certified by Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE).Budding entrepreneurs get incubation funding from angel investors and venture capitalists if the executive summary of their business idea impresses the judges of the event 'B Plan . Online events like 'Woodstock and Forex , dealing with real time stock market and foreign exchange transactions are simulated and played with virtual money.'Kshitij also undertakes several social initiatives each year in association with some of the country s leading non-governmental organisations. The participants can actually make a difference, as their ideas will see fruition and will be implemented by the NGOs to tackle social issues.Guest lectures, exhibitions, elucidatory workshops featuring eminent per-sonalities like Nobel laureates, astronauts, renowned scientists and CEOs are other key attractions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16935625", "title": "Charges aim at defaming me: IG-traffic", "text": "LUDHIANA: A day after it was said that two cops attached with his office were involved in the October 15 Rs 35-lakh diamond robbery on Mall Road, inspector general of police (traffic) Sharad Satya Chauhan said the allegations were aimed at defaming him.Regarding a press meet held on Monday which stated that two of the three accused were from his office, he told the media, \"The officers could have said that they were attached with the office of a senior officer, rather than saying that they were attached with the office of IG (traffic).\"On Monday, additional deputy commissioner of police (ADCP), special security branch, Harmohan Singh, ADCP-III Joginder Singh and assistant commissioner of police (west) Gurpreet Kaur Purewal had told the media about the arrest of ASI Amar Singh and head constable Rajinder Kumar in the diamond robbery case. They had reportedly said that the two were working in the office of IG (traffic) (Punjab) at police headquarters in Chandigarh.Chauhan said, \"They were attached with an officer whose office is on second floor of police headquarters. My office is on the fourth floor. As after taking over as IG (traffic) I did not have an office, I was given this vacant office by another colleague.\"He added that he would take the three officers to court for their defamatory act. \"It was a deliberate attempt on their part to shield a senior officer involved in the case. I will take up the matter with the CM and the deputy CM to seek an independent inquiry in the case.\" Harmohan said, \"I have nothing to say except that my colleagues and I are conducting the inquiry with utmost honesty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16939540", "title": "TeamLease partners with global specialist in training.", "text": "PUNE: Staffing solution firm TeamLease has entered into a strategic tie-up with international training specialist iT Learning Solution (iTLS) for providing high-end corporate training skills.The tie-up, entered through Teamlease subsidiary Indian Institute of Job-oriented Training (IIJT), will enable the staffing solution firm to address the networking, virtualization and storage related training requirements of corporates. TeamLease has a presence in Pune, Ahmedabad, Bangalore and Chennai. It will also enable TeamLease to provide candidates with high-end training leveraging the advanced curriculum and training expertise of iTLS, which is an authorised training partner of Cisco, NetApp and Citrix.With increasing competition, companies as well as candidates are realizing the need for constant upgrade of skills. However, the skill development requirements are unique to each organization. The IIJT will aim at providing a solution to this growing demand for up-grade by using curriculum that is in sync with the business metrics and objectives, and deploying innovative training techniques.The iTLS has been delivering basic to high-end Cisco training and NetApp training for many years and has been delivering Citrix training since mid of this year. In addition, iTLS is also delivering several other top-notch IT courses in cooperation with partner networks.Davuluri P, TeamLease s senior vice-president for enterprise learning so-lutions, said, The partnership is a step in our aspiration to be the key player in high-end vendor authorized curriculum training market. With access to state-of-the-art virtual lab facilities and talented trainer pool from iTLS, we are confident that we will be able offer cutting-edge training solutions to clients in India.Norbert Jacobsen, vice-president of iTLS Asia Pacific, said, India being the IT hub is a very important market for us. We are confident that our partnership with TeamLease will deliver great value to customers.With increasing competition, companies as well as candidates are realiz-ing the need for constant upgrade of skills. However, the skill development requirements are unique to each organization.Using a curriculum that is in sync with the business metrics and objec-tives, and with its innovative training techniques, IIJT will provide effec-tive solution to this growing demand for upgrade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16935844", "title": "Huge gap between day and night temperature", "text": "LUDHIANA: With winter approaching, night temperature has dipped to a minimum of 15 degrees celsius, with the day temperatures hovering around the normal of 32 degrees celsius.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agro-meteorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), says, \"Winter season will set in after November 15. And till then, the maximum temperature will be around 27 degrees celsius. The minimum temperature will touch 10 degrees celsius around the second week of November. Till then, the weather will change gradually. Between October 20 and the first week of November, the maximum temperature will dip from a normal of 32 to 28 degrees celsius and the minimum from a normal of 15 degrees celsius to 11 degree celsius.\"\"In the third week of November, the maximum and minimum temperatures will be around 25 and 9 degrees celsius. The gap between day and night temperature will increase. Morning and evening humidity will be normal, around 80% and 40%, respectively,\" she adds.Dr Gurpreet Singh, senior consultant of medicine at SPS Apollo Hospital, says \"More the difference between the maximum and the minimum temperatures in post-monsoon season, more the atmosphere favourable for virus to cause fever.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16934464", "title": "Ponda Municipal Council 's waste meet remains inconclusive", "text": "PONDA: A special meeting of the Ponda Municipal Council (PMC) convened on Tuesday to discuss ways to solve the garbage menace in the town concluded without any decision.Six councillors, including Radhika Nayak, Venkatesh Naik, Vincent Paul Fernandes, Shailendra Shinkre, Shivanand Sawant and Vandana Jog wanted the meeting to be convened.Other than creating an uproar and blaming the ruling group, no councillor came up with any concrete solutions at the meeting.The opposition only indulges in a blame-game, despite knowing that the PMC has no fixed spot to dispose of the garbage, chairperson Rukmi Dangui said.Local MLA Lavoo Mamledar also attended the meeting. Dangui said that as the MLA was present at the meeting, councillors could have used it as an opportunity to come up with solutions to the garbage menace.\"I was expecting the councillors to suggest concrete plans to handle the garbage issue with the help of the MLA. Even now, I request the MLA to suggest any serious measures to tackle the situation,\" Dangui said.He ruled out any possibility of an epidemic in the town due to the garbage. The PMC staff collects and segregated wet garbage and treats it in composting units, while plastic waste is separated and recycled, PMC chief officer Pradeep Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mandi/una", "code": "16936044", "title": "Jago voters, chorus Ram and Ravan", "text": "MANDI/UNA: 'Ram' and 'Ravan' are on the same side for once in the Devbhoomi of Himachal Pradesh as they try to create an awakening of sorts. So, don't be surprised to find a Kumbhakarn awake to the importance of the assembly elections, a Ram discussing the importance of casting votes in 'kalayug' (age of downfall) or a Ravan - perceived to be evil - exhorting people to come out and stamp their choice on November 4, the day Himachal Pradesh goes to polls.Winds of change are blowing in the hill state, with some innovative Ramleelas in Mandi and Una districts providing a social and political message. The actors are using the stage not only to entertain, but also to educate the spectators about political parties and candidates in the state so that they make the right choice.Sanskritik Ayojan Smiti, Mandi, has decided to use the medium of Ramleelas to connect with the people on a religious as well as electoral level by throwing light on the background of netas to enable upright and honest candidates to win the elections.Sanjeev D'Silva, 38, the director of the Samiti that organises Ramleela at Seri Manch in Mandi, said, \"It occurred to me that Ramleela has a very large following here. People from all age groups take part in Dussehra festival with great enthusiasm and these are the best days to get their attention.\"\"We have given a few additional scenes to the main protagonists of the epic wherein they address the audience and urge them to come out and vote. We are not aligned to one party or any particular leader but are talking about the general election scenario,\" said D'Silva, a theatre artiste who has acted in Rameelas.He pointed out that the surprise element ensures that the audience listens to the message carefully and assimilates it.The actors are equally involved in initiating a change. Vikas Sharma, 27, who is essaying the role of Ram at Seri Manch, said, \"It gives us great satisfaction to motivate people to vote. A big chunk of the audience includes youngsters, many of whom will exercise their franchise for the first time. Here the people actually perceive us as gods, so I am sure they would act on our advice and choose the right candidates.\"In Ghangret (Una), the Navyug Natya Manch is effectively using the stage to bring about an awakening and a huge turnout of voters.\"On all nine days, we devoted 15-20 minutes to educate people about political parties, their history, development undertaken by them and their agenda. In Una, we have families who have been blindly backing the same party for many years. We are trying to inform them about different options and asking them to vote only after considering the merits of a candidate,\" said Tushaar Sharma, 36, director of the manch.This manch is also ready with a short drama, in which 12 Ramleela artists will urge people to vote for the right candidate on Wednesday before Ravan's effigy is set afire.Ram's wordsDuring the performance, Ram, holds his bow higher and exhorts people:... Kalyug mein utna he aawashyak hai aapne voting adhikaaron ka uchit upyog kyunki praja kay kalyan k liye kabil ummedwaar ka chayan he dharm hai. Isliye he bandhuon, is baar, apne vote dalne k adhikar ka upyog awashya karo(...In present-day Kalyug, it is important to use your voting rights for betterment of society so that an able candidate is elected. Therefore, people, use your right to vote)Ravan's pitchHa ha ha ha ! Har dushtha ka koi na koi ant zaroor hota hai, budhiheenta se kiya koi bhi karm zyada nai tikta. Isliye Vivek se kaam lo. Apne neta ka chayan soch samajh kar karo taaki tumhara bhavishya achha ho sake(Ha ha ha ha, every bad deed comes to an end. Unwise decisions don't help. So, think well and decide on which candidate you will vote for in the upcoming polls so that you have a better future)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16935429", "title": "163 irrigation projects delayed, cost soars 231%", "text": "While allegations of irrigation-related illegalities continue to fly thick and fast, with Maharashtra at the epicenter, the status of irrigation projects across the country presents a dismal picture.Stalled projects are not only symptoms of corruption, they are depriving farmers of life-saving water for crops, weakening food security and pushing them to the brink of pauperization.In all, 77 major and 86 medium irrigation projects are running delayed by anything from a few years to as much as 40 years in some cases.The cost of these 163 projects was pegged at Rs 47,864 crore at the time they were started. Now their combined cost is estimated at Rs 1.58 lakh crore. That's an escalation of a phenomenal 231%.These startling figures were made available to Parliament by Vincent H Palla, state minister for water resources in August this year.The period of delay in these 163 projects is also astonishing. There are 71 projects delayed by 10 to 20 years beyond their respective scheduled dates of completion, and 30 more that are delayed by 20 to 30 years.Another 45 projects are running behind schedule by as much as 30 to 40 years. And there are five ancient projects delayed by over 40 years.The current storm over Maharashtra appears to be justified because 87 of the delayed projects are in that state. The cost over-run for these projects is huge. Initially estimated at Rs 21,938 crore, the cost now is estimated to be Rs 55,991 crore, an escalation of 155%.Besides these major and medium projects, also delayed are 755 minor irrigation projects out of the 1,310 that were included in a special \"accelerated\" program. Minor irrigation is defined as covering less than 2000 hectares of land and involving the use of both surface and ground water. Major irrigation is above 10,000 hectares and medium is between 2,000 and 10,000 hectares of land covered.In India, 56% of food grains are produced from 47 million hectares (Mha) of irrigated land while the remaining 44% is produced from 95 Mha of rain-dependent land. Irrigation would make all the difference to this vast, thirsty land by boosting food production and helping struggling farmers out of poverty.Cryptic reasons were also stated for the delays in the minister's statement, and they make for interesting reading. Land acquisition problems were reported to be the cause of delay in 72 of the 163 projects. Problems of rehabilitation of displaced people from dam sites were said to have delayed 35 projects. But what was more surprising was that 67 projects were held up because of shortage of funds.This means that either these projects were being starved of funds or funds were being misused in some way thereby affecting the projects adversely. Another statement by the minister in Parliament, on a different occasion, revealed that the government had spent over Rs 2.17 lakh crore on irrigation projects during the 11th five year plan, that is, between 2007 and 2012.The irrigation potential created in this period was 7 million hectares.Irrigation potential does not mean that the water has started flowing into the thirsty fields of farmers.Setting up dams before the canal network is completed, disrepair of canal systems and lack of field channels are some of the reasons why the potential may not be actually utilized, as pointed out by the report of the task force on irrigation headed by Kirit Parekh. Data on actual utilization for this period is not available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16940798", "title": "Southwest monsoon weak across Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Mahadeshwarabetta in Kollegal taluk of Chamarajanagara district recorded maximum rainfall of 12.5mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Wednesday in Karnataka. Rainfall in these 24-hours in the state is considered as isolated since 2% of the hoblis and gram panchayaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Rainfall was isolated in nine districts, and negligible in 21 districts.South-west monsoon was weak in all 30 districts. Moderate rain was recorded in two districts, light rain in seven; very light rain in nine and no rain in 12 districts. Isolated, light to moderate rain was received in Chikkaballapura, Bangalore Rural, Chamrajanagara, Ramnagara, Hassan, Mandya, Chitradurga, Tumkur and Kolar. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period June 1 to October 24 has recorded deficit rainfall of 27%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 950mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 689.3mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on October 24, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 0.2mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 3.7mm, a deficit of 95%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16934904", "title": "Shadow over Gadkari\u2019s second term as BJP president", "text": "NEW DELHI: The controversy over the funding pattern of the Purti group founded by BJP president Nitin Gadkari cast a shadow over the prospect of his getting a second term, with sections in the party already seeing him as an impediment for the BJP's plan to corner Congress over the issue of corruption.Although the BJP stoutly defended him in public, the gathering worry that the disclosures about the controversial funding pattern of Purti group may have turned Gadkari into a liability came out in the open with MP Ram Jethmalani saying the party chief should not seek another term. \"He should not aspire for a second term because it weakens the party's position in the forthcoming elections. We are fighting against corruption and we have to have absolutely impeccable integrity,\" Jethmalani said. TOI had on Tuesday revealed that persons close to Gadkari had manned firms with unverifiable addresses which channeled funds into the Purti group.Doubts about Gadkari's utility in the BJP's plan for 2014 when corruption is expected to feature among the main themes may get a fillip in the coming days, given that Congress has already seized upon the seemingly dodgy details of Purti's funds. Having been at the receiving end of BJP's anti-corruption offensive, Congress on Tuesday demanded a probe into Gadkari's business ventures.Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh wrote to the PM seeking a probe, while corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily dropped a clear hint that he was not averse to ordering one. In fact, Moily said the regional office of the Registrar of Companies could already be looking into the allegations now that they are in the public space. Gadkari was under fire also from India Against Corruption. Prashant Bhushan said the dealings indicated violations of companies law and Income Tax Act, while his colleague Arvind Kejriwal said the details of funding only validated their case that the BJP and Congress were part of a cozy club of corrupt who would not take action against each other for the fear of unsettling the mutually beneficial equilibrium.Bhushan pointed to the \"certificate\" given to Gadkari by NCP chief Sharad Pawar in the alleged irrigation scam in support of the charge of a pact over corruption.BJP insiders recalled the instances of L K Advani quitting as leader of opposition and the Lok Sabha as soon as his name featured in the hawala scam, and Bangaru Laxman being asked to quit when he was caught in the Tehelka sting. \"Advani did not hesitate to quit even when the unanimous feeling cutting across party lines was that the case against him was too flimsy to stand judicial scrutiny. We got Laxman to step down even when in the core of hearts we believed that he was a victim of politically motivated entrapment rather than a genuine graft-busting journalistic sting. How can we use different standards now when we are in the middle of a fight with Congress over corruption,\" said a BJP leader summing up the churn in the party.The disclosures and the resultant uncertainty about Gadkari's career prospects seem like a wild twist in the party's plans; almost akin to those in Bollywood plots. Armed with solid backing from the RSS which wants Advani to hang up his boots but has been fighting shy of nominating his successor, a second term for the Maharashtra leader had looked a done deal when the party amended its constitution for the purpose. The formality of his anointment was to be completed in the next two months. However, doubts that his Purti group benefited from dodgy funds have cast serious doubt whether the drill is going to be as smooth.For the record , BJP stood by its beleaguered chief, with party spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman saying Gadkari was ready to face any probe. \"He has himself said he is open to any investigation by any competent authority,\" she said. She argued that while Gadkari was prepared to face an inquiry, Congress had rejected graft allegations against its leaders and Robert Vadra outright.However, her colleagues privately admitted to the risk of adverse political fallout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937956", "title": "Belgaum is my favourite place: Atul", "text": "That Atul Kulkarni, is one of those rare actors who can seamlessly glide between alternate and commercial cinema we all know. What many people are unaware of is the fact that Atul hails from Belgaum. The actor says, \"I was born in Belgaum and though we speak Marathi at home, I also know Kannada.\" In fact this national award winning actor started his career in Kannada flick, 'Bhoomi Geetha'. Talking about Belgaum, Atul says, \"It remains my favourite place till date. It has a certain charm to it, whether it is the weather, culture or history.\" Sharing his experience in Belgaum, Atul says, \"There are too many childhood memories attached to this place like learning how to cycle.\"Belgaum, which is a cultural hub, is also known to be home to many learned people. \"Many learned people and artists stay here whether musicians or literature writers. In fact, a lot of Marathi writers have studied in Belgaum who have written some big plays,\" informs Atul and adds, \"We should welcome the multicultural milieu instead of fighting it. Unfortunately a lot of times politics takes precedence and these things are over looked but the truth is that enriches our culture. We should preserve and nurture it.\"Atulk makes sure to visit Belgaum at least twice or thrice a year. He says, \"I have lots of extended family and relatives there, at least 30 to 40 of them. Half the city is either filled with friends, family or acquaintances. My grandfather was the first chartered accountant of that area and now my cousins are looking after his firm. Ours is a prominent family from Belgaum. And whenever I go there for functions, I can see the pride of the people there.\"Coming from a family of well educated achievers, it was not a cake walk to acting. \"Any middle class family will have a problem with someone from their family getting into acting and rightly so. It was an accident that happened to me and I managed to break through that will encourage treading the same path,\" says the intense actor.We couldn't let Atul go without sharing something about the food from Belgaum. \"Kunda and Mandagi are very famous in Belgaum, in fact there are just two families left there now who can make Mandagis which is like a sweet roomali roti. It's a delicacy,\" says Atul and adds, \"Some few Diwalis back I even distributed Mandagis to a few Bollywood acquaintances and got many calls appreciating them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16939384", "title": "BJP to launch statewide agitation against UPA from November 20", "text": "MANGALORE: The state unit of BJP will launch state wide janajagruthi horatta from November 10-20 against the UPA government on three issues. These include failure of UPA II to deal with price rise, corruption and maintain internal security, party spokesperson and minister for higher education CT Ravi said. These are the main issues that the country needs to focus at this juncture, and one for which UPA government should answer the people, he said.UPA chairperson and AICC president Sonia Gandhi during her October 18 visit for Congress workers convention here had termed corruption a cancer that is hurting the poor and ordinary people. This observation coming from present head of Congress party, which gave birth to corruption in India with the jeep scandal surfacing in independent 1948 under then PM Jawaharlal Nehru is strange and deserves to be treated with contempt, he said.On Sonia's demand that the state government give details of the Rs 80,000 crore given to the state by the Centre, Ravi wondered if Sonia Gandhi had assumed the role of the CAG. \"The state government has given audited account for funds allocated to it by the Centre and claimed the next instalment of its due share,\" he said, adding it is neither \"Congress money\" nor gratis that Karnataka received, but its right under federal system of governance.Poser by Sonia Gandhi at the convention on reluctance of BJP ruled state governments to provide additional subsidized LPG to its citizens too is for public consumption, Ravi said. The UPA government must not forget that LPG cylinders were freely available during the NDA regime, he said questioning the need to place a cap on subsidised cylinders to six per annum and then force people to buy it at market price from seventh cylinder onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934717", "title": "Sirohi village tense after youth\u2019s death", "text": "JAIPUR: Tension gripped Panchdewal village in Sirohi district on Monday after a youth was beaten to death over a land dispute.According to SHO, Sawaroopganj, under whose jurisdiction the village falls, one Kanaram Garasia (23), was attacked by another group belonging to the same Garasia community.\"The incident took place on Monday evening when a group attacked another with swords, sticks and iron rods. Soon after the attack, a seriously injured Kanaram succumbed to the injuries while four others were admitted to hospital. Though the situation is under control now, the atmosphere is tense,\" said Devi Dan, station house officer, Swaroopganj.Tension increased when the tribals, demanding 'Matauna'(monetary aid to be given by the attackers to the family of the victim) staged a sit-in at the village. They decided not to organise the cremation until their demands are met.\"Finally, after the intervention of the authorities the cremation was held in the morning. We are trying our level best to make the two groups sit for a compromise. A case of murder was lodged against six persons. So far, we have rounded up four people and will make arrests soon,\" said Devi Dan.Meanwhile, at least 100 policemen in plainclothes are camping in the violence-hit village.\"As a precautionary measure we have deployed more personnel to maintain law and order,\" said Lovely Katiyaar, superintendent of police, Sirohi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16935184", "title": "Chilli powder, hot water thrown on cops", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Personnel of the police commissionerate were left red-faced after some of them were attacked with chilli powder and hot water during a raid on illegal occupants of a house in Khandagiri area here on Tuesday. None of the policemen were, however, injured in the attack.The incident took place when the police went to oust squatters from a one-storey house after the owner lodged a complaint with them that some outsiders had usurped his residence since last month. B S Panigrahy, the house owner, is a scientist with a nuclear-power plant in Kalpakkam, Tamil Nadu, police said.\"Our men faced stiff resistance from the people living illegally in the scientist's house. We have registered cases against them and asked them to vacate the house immediately,\" Khandagiri inspector Sanjeev Satpathy told TOI. No arrest had, however, been made till Tuesday evening.The uniforms of the nine subordinate cops were drenched in hot water and stained with red chilli powder, leaving them embarrassed before the crowd that had gathered during the raid.\"We verified the documents of the scientist and found that he is the real owner. But another person named Pradip Sahoo, who also claims to be the owner of the house, has not yet produced any valid document supporting his claims,\" the inspector added.Sources said Panigrahy had purchased the house eight years ago from a man based in the city. Since the owner stays in Tamil Nadu with the family, he had rented the house out to a family. The trouble began two months back when the tenant left the house. \"The house was locked for a few days after the tenant left. But a distant relative of Panigrahy recently found the house being lived in by some unknown people,\" ACP Jagannath Pradhan said.Police suspect that the trespassers may have landed on the property in connivance with the former tenant, who had a sour relation with the scientist. \"The former tenant was not on good terms with the owner. He had vacated the house following several notices from the owner,\" Pradhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16941309", "title": "Diabetes drug may treat cocaine addiction", "text": "A drug currently used to treat type 2 diabetes could be just as effective in treating addiction to drugs, including cocaine, Vanderbilt researchers have revealed .The findings could have far-reaching implications for patients worldwide who suffer from addiction.\"What we have demonstrated is that a brain mechanism already known to be therapeutic for the treatment of diabetes also appears to be implicated in at least certain types of drug addiction,\" said Gregg Stanwood, Ph.D., assistant professor of Pharmacology and an investigator within the Vanderbilt Kennedy Center and Vanderbilt Brain Institute.\"We found that this drug called Exendin-4 that is already used for the medical management of diabetes, reduces the rewarding effects of cocaine in animals. We suspect that this is a general mechanism that will translate to additional drugs of abuse, especially other stimulants like amphetamine and methamphetamine,\" he stated.Co-author Aurelio Galli, Ph.D., professor of Molecular Physiology and Biophysics and Vanderbilt Brain Institute investigator, said Exendin-4 is already FDA-approved for diabetes (Byetta and Bydureon), so this target isn't just \"druggable\" - it's already \"drugged.\"\"I think the power of this research is that it is so easily translatable to humans because it is already FDA approved,\" said Galli, also co-director of the Neuroscience Program in Substance Abuse (N-PISA) at Vanderbilt University .\"This is the first indication that it will work on psychostimulants. So our studies offer immediate translational opportunities to improve outcomes in human abusers,\" the researcher noted.Lead author, Devon Graham, Ph.D., postdoctoral fellow in Pharmacology, injected animals with a drug called Exendin-4, which is a long-lasting version of the natural peptide hormone GLP-1, and observed a significant blunting of the rewarding effects of cocaine. The findings were consistent, regardless of the Ex-4 dose administered, the researchers reported.The study reports no evidence of negative side effects or addiction to Ex-4 treatment.The findings have been just published online as a Letter To The Editor in the journal Molecular Psychiatry .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16941836", "title": "Gurbani takes lead at Usha Western India Ladies golf", "text": "MUMBAI: Gurbani Singh once again showed that she is the player to beat as she continued her fine form in the first round of the Usha Western India Ladies golf at the BPGC on Wednesday.Gurbani carded an even par 70 and took a one-shot lead over Amandeep Drall, winner of the Usha Eastern India Ladies title.Gurbani was a comfortable four shots clear of arch-rival Aditi Ashok and Gusimar Badwal, while Ridhima Dilawari was fifth at 75.Gurbani also led the Category A ahead of Tvesa Malik (76), and Categories A-B combined ahead of Aditi (74). Aditi led Category B.Sifat Sagoo (81) was three clear of Arushi Pandey (84) while Tanishka Kumar (79) opened a handy six shot lead over Samruddhi Yadav (85).Gurbani, who recently shot a six-under round at Tollygunge, opened the round with a birdie and ended with a similar birdie. In between she bogeyed the 10th and 13th for an even par round.Amandeep Drall had three birdies and four bogeys, one of them on first, but she like Gurbani ended the day with a birdie in her 71.The leader on Order of Merit, Aditi has been chased by Gurbani, winner of Usha Southern India and Usha West Bengal. Now Gurbani has a chance to close the gap further. There are only two more events left with the Usha Maharashtra Ladies and Usha All India Amateur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "dhubri", "code": "16942497", "title": "Police fire in air during Dhubri bandh", "text": "DHUBRI: A bandh called here today against the stabbing of a puja pandal decorator saw protesters clashing with police, who fired in the air to dispose them, but no one was hurt, officials said.Dhubri Sarvajanik Durga Puja Sammanway Samiti, the coordination committee of 76 puja committees in this town, had called the bandh to protest the stabbing of Kamal Ghosh by unidentified persons late last night at the Ghoshpara puja mandap in IG Road area last night.It had also announced that no immersion of Durga idols would take place till the culprits were arrested.Around 2 pm, a huge crowd gathered at Harisabha area and prevented the immersion procession of the Durga idol of the puja conducted at the Police Reserve, officials said.They argued that since the Samiti had announced that no immersion would be conducted until action against the culprits is taken, the puja committee of Police Reserve would also not be allowed to proceed with the immersion.This led to a scuffle between the Samiti supporters and police. Three round were fired in the air by the police personnel, followed by tear gas canisters to disperse the people, the sources said.However, there has been no reports of any injury to any person so far, they said.After the stabbing incident, Ghosh was first admitted to a local hospital and referred to the Guwahati Medical College this morning.Earlier in the morning, the Samiti had organised a meeting to protest the stabbing and asked senior district officials to meet them at the site. The crowd got agitated when the Deputy Commissioner did not come to meet them. Soon a huge crowd started shouting slogans against the administration and a minor scuffle started with the police.Police resorted to baton charge to disperse the crowd and six persons were injured in this action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16934383", "title": "Traffic diversions for peaceful Dussehra in the Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: The traffic department on Tuesday announced for the traffic diversions that will remain in place on Wednesday on the occasion of Dussehra. The traffic restrictions will be seen on the routes leading to Parade ground where the city's tallest effigy would be burnt. These traffic restrictions will be in effect from 5pm.No vehicle would be allowed to proceed towards Parade ground from Lal Imli and Corset crossings. Instead, the vehicle onwers will have to take Silverton tri-section to reach VIP Road and further proceed towards Meghdoot tri-section and Mall Road.Similarly towards Parade crossing from MG College crossing. Instead, the vehicles will be diverted through DAV and Silverton tri-sections to reach Lal Imli crossing and Colonelganj.To go towards Parade, the vehicles will be diverted via Meston Road, Moolganj to reach their respective destination.From Chetna crossing also no vehicle owner would be permitted to drive towards Bada Chauraha. They will have to take Meghdoot tri-section route to proceed. Likewise, towards Bada Chauraha from Meghdoot tri-section.Movement of vehicles would remain blocked at Landmark hotel tri-section. From Post Office tri-section, vehicles will not be permitted to go towards Parade. The vehicle-owners will be allowed to head towards NTC, Mayur mills route. From Mayur Mill, no vehicle will head towards Corset crossing, instead they will be directed through MG College crossing.SP Traffic, MR Singh informed that the traffic restrictions will come into effect at 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16933958", "title": "Will Team India cash in on 'home advantage' against England and Australia?", "text": "Post the drubbing in seaming conditions of England and bouncy pitches in Australia less than a year ago, India cricket captain MS Dhoni had made it clear that he would favour spin-friendly tracks when the two teams visit India for what is being billed as a 'revenge series'.The Indian cricket board, however, appears to go on a war-footing this season to improve the quality of pitches and make it \"sporting\" across all centres hosting domestic cricket.Many thus feel that there would possibly be no \"home advantage\", even at the country's Test venues. A senior BCCI curator told the TOI that the board was \"very serious\" about the makeover of the pitches.The board's argument was that competitive pitches at home would, in the long run, help India fare better overseas, but the flipside to it is the high possibility of losing \"home advantage\" of playing in spin-friendly conditions.\"Traditionally the option of a turning track has been a sort of insurance, a back-up and it has never been the case that all the matches at home are played on turners,\" said WV Raman, a former India batsman and current coach of Bengal.\"I understand the requirement for a turning track, and this has been done in the past, when a series is hanging in balance and India wanting to exploit the home advantage. \"It just so happens that talk of \"sporting wickets\" intensifies each time India fares poorly overseas, but look back and you will see that the likes of (Sachin) Tendulkar, (Rahul) Dravid, (VVS) Laxman and (Sourav) Ganguly grew up playing on good wickets at home and that is what helped them excel overseas,\" Raman added.Former India 'keeper and selector Kiran More said it was important to strike a balance and yet not lose home advantage in Test cricket.\"I am completely for the drive for sporting pitches in domestic cricket. It is crucial for the development of quality cricketers, but that does not mean that we don't exploit the home advantage against visiting international sides.\"The last time England toured India in 2008, India won 1-0. Anil Kumble had just retired and Harbhajan Singh was India's No. 1 spinner.Since then, however, the experienced Sardar has lost his place and the mantle to Ravichandran Ashwin. Eight-Test old Ashwin and left-arm Pragyan Ojha - Ashwin's senior by eight Tests - form India's top spin pairing and bamboozled West Indies and New Zealand.But England and Australia are better and stronger opponents. In Ashwin and Ojha, does India have the wherewithal to lay out spin friendly tracks?Former left-arm spinner Venkatpathy Raju, said there was every chance of the ploy backfiring. \"India's frontline batsmen have not been playing domestic cricket recently and could struggle on turning tracks where the idea is to bowl straight. Visiting bowlers do that better,\" he told TOI.\"Although, when we became No. 1, we predominantly played at home. But that was a different team,\" he added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938266", "title": "Pravini to release Diaspora soon", "text": "Pravini is a female singer/songwriter from the Netherlands and she is all set to release her new album, Diaspora, which contains music influenced by Indian and South American rhythms.Pravini proves to be one of the most intriguing upcoming artists within the Dutch soul music. With a unique vision of her own this singer/songwriter brings her new studio album Diaspora to life during her live shows. \"I really enjoyed the writing and recording process of the record, but I live for sharing the music live with the audience. The energy of the music comes into its own on stage.\"Pravini views her live show as a concept on its own, \"I call it Diaspora Beats, which refers to the heartbeat and rhythm of the Diaspora. I want to show the richness of the different worlds I grew up with. The energy that the rhythm of the Indian dhol entails intrigues me as much as a heavy hip-hop beat. The Bollywood classic soul touches me to the core just as the soul of the West. I want to bring these forces together on stage.\" With Diaspora Beats Pravini steps outside the box and works with hip-hop artists, dancers and musicians from the Bollywood Genre.Encouraged by her mother to take piano lessons at the tender age of 6 Pravini knew early on she found the love of her life in music. After graduating from high school at 18 she left Europe on her own to participate in the summer performance program at the Berklee College of Music in Boston. There she sharpened her skills as a musician, playing the keys and writing her own songs. In 2006 she released her first single and music video titled 'Cuz I'm A Lady'. By doing this she broke boundaries by being the first Dutch Indian R&B; soul singer appearing on Dutch television with her own music video. That same year she received her first award, the HSFN music award, for her accomplishments as an artist. Not only was she noted for her boundary breaking music video, but also appreciated for writing her own music outside the traditional Bollywood genre the Indian community is used to. Since then she has been invited regularly to festivals and other performance stages to show her music and share her talent. Always leaving her mark by connecting with the audience and bringing music from the heart.In 2009 Pravini decided to literally cross borders and set up her first international tour in the United States where she did 15 shows in 2 months and performed in New York, Miami, Virginia, San Diego and Los Angeles . A year later she was rewarded with the Shakti Award during the Saraswati Festival for her work as a Dutch Indian female artist and her musical contribution to the Dutch Indian community.By working with several producers from around the world Pravini has been able to release three albums since 2008: PraVision, Roses from Raj and Beyond Borders.Goodwill Ambassador for the Global Human Rights Defence Because of her background and her ability to reach people she was asked to become the goodwill ambassador of the Global Human Rights Defence (GHRD), an international human rights organization focusing primarily on human rights abuses committed against minority communities in South. Together with GHRD Pravini uses music as a tool and show stages as a platform to tell the stories of people who can't speak for themselves.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "16935347", "title": "Gun-making unit unearthed in Patan village", "text": "PALANPUR: In a major catch ahead of polls, police unearthed a gun making unit in a village of Patan district on Tuesday and seized a cart load of sophisticated gun and pistol making tools.Local crime branch got a tip-off that such a unit was operational at an isolated place in Lotra village in Santalpur taluka of the district. The information was divulged by one Dhiraj Panchal, who was arrested earlier and was being questioned by the crime branch. Panchal, who hails from Rapar taluka in Kutch, was arrested few days ago when he was waiting on the roadside for prospective customers with guns and pistols concealed beneath large bags filled with cotton.\"Panchal has a criminal record and has six cases registered against him in Rapar, one in Maliya and one in Bhachau. He has also served six years imprisonment in one of the cases,\" said police inspector of LCB D D Chaudhary.\"He had set up this unit and had acquired all the material required to make country-made guns and pistols,\" he said.\"The material including three guns and an equal number of pistols were seized. The market value of the gun is estimated to be around Rs 35,000 while pistol may carry around Rs 12,000 in value,\" the Chaudhary added.Police seized different types of cutters of various sizes, spare parts of pistols and guns, tools to sharpen irons and furnace to melt iron plates and rods.The tools will be sent to Gandhinagar Forensic Science Laboratory for further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939787", "title": "Anita Hassanandani back on TV with Gutur Gu", "text": "Indian's first and longest running silent comedy Gutur Gu, produced by Fireworks Production's on SAB TV is all set to be back with season.But this time the makers of Gutur Gu is leaving no stone unturned in making the show a grand one and the latest we hear is that popular actors Anita Hassanandani and Rahuol Lohani will play the leads on the show.Sources inform that the show is expected to go on air from the month of November at the 8.30 pm slot. The show will see the combination of old and new faces and apart from Anita and Rahuol the production house has also roped in Bhairavi Raichura and Sham Masalkar for the show.When contacted, Anita said, \"I have never tried my hand at comedy but now I am very thrilled to be a part of Gutur Gu . One of the primary reasons I took up the show was that it's a comedy show yet very different and the cherry on the cake is it's a silent comedy. I am really looking forward to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16940204", "title": "Katie Price announces split from Leandro Penna", "text": "Katie Price took to her blog to announce the \"sad\" news of her split from Argentinian boyfriend of two years Leandro Penna after attending the 'Skyfall' premiere in London on Tuesday evening.However, the reality star has denied reports that her flirty texts to ' The X Facto r' hopeful Dan Ferrari-Lane had anything to do with her break up.She first notified her fans she had something to announce as she wrote on her Twitter page: \"Its sad to announce,\" before posting a link to her own website.The link lead fans to a written announcement revealing she had called it a day with Penna.\"Despite remaining firm friends and having a deep affection for each other Kate and Leo have decided to separate,\" the Daily Mail quoted her representative as writing.Price then claimed the reason for the split is merely because it has \"run it's course.\"\"Leo and I have had a lovely fun time for a couple of years, we will always feel deep affection for each other, but sometimes relationships just run their course,\" she wrote.\"Pressures of work on different continents, natural demands of family ties, and careers, have meant we have spent a huge amount of time apart even when we were in the same country. This meant it was difficult for the relationship to move forward,\" she added.Showing there are no hard feelings she concluded, saying: \"Accordingly we've mutually decided to call it a day, but we really wish each other nothing but the very best and will remain best of friends, whoever he eventually settles down with will be a very lucky girl.\"According to the Sunday Mirror, the 34-year-old had been sending coquettish text messages to 18-year-old from the show's band District3.But she also took the opportunity to rubbish the reports as she announced the split.\"Quite separately, it is unfortunate that this separation coincides with some utterly ridiculous and silly stories about a boy band member,\" she wrote.\"This has nothing to do with the ending of Kate and Leo's relationship and her contact with the boy band member has been entirely innocent and platonic.\"It is shame that certain magazines are seeking to make more of it,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16935602", "title": "First sortie leaves junior cadets thrilled", "text": "LUDHIANA: The dreams of 16 air wing cadets from junior wing and junior division of the NCC got wings as they had their first flying experience in a Zenair Microlight aircraft at the Sahenwal airport on Tuesday. Flying exercise had been limited to the senior division and senior wing cadets so far.The cadets from 4 Punjab Air Squadron, all in the 14-17 age group, experienced their first sortie along with Wing commander Sanjeet Singh Kalia.Ramanjot Singh, 14, who resides at Brown Road said, \"I want to be an aeronautical engineer, but flying is great fun too. I sat in the co-pilot's seat while Wing commander Kalia took the sortie. Though we didn't get to fly the aircraft, but we got a close idea about how interesting it would be to fly.\"A cadet residing on the PAU campus, Deepanjali, 14, said, \"Sitting next to the pilot was an amazing experience as we could see how an aircraft is flown. I would like to fly just as our Wing commander did with dexterity.\"Ajay Samuel, 14, a resident of Badhowal, said his mother is an assistant commandant in the Army, \"But I am getting inclined towards flying being in the air wing of NCC.\"Badhowal resident Ajay Samuel, 14, said he will share the experience of his first sortie with his mother and tell her he wishes to join the air force now. Prem Nagar resident Pooja Singh, 15, said it was her fascination with guns that resulted in her joining NCC and now it is shifting to air crafts. \"I fell in love with the aircraft at the first sight of the cockpit and the equipment inside it. \"We flew at the height of around 500ft and urged Kalia sir to provide us more of flying experience,\" she added.Other cadets to have enjoyed the \"joyous\" sortie included Sukhdev Singh, Amandeep Singh, Parambir Singh, Shivang, Rohit Maudgill, Divnoor Kaur, Saravpreet Singh, Harmanpreet Kaur Dhillon, Jagjot Singh, Arsdheep Kaur, Sukhwantr Singh and Sukhpreet Singh.Wing commander Kaila said the sortie lasted around 10 minutes and even he was as excited as the cadets as it is not usual for a wing commander to fly with a bunch of curious kids. \"I have asked them to write their experiences and do a presentation in their schools,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933752", "title": "Change in parking space norm likely", "text": "PUNE: The city improvement committee of the Pune Municipal Corporation has proposed development of parking space on any floor of a residential or commercial complex.The proposal said, \"It is mandatory to have parking space in the basement or ground floor of a building. But now, the rules need to be amended so that a parking facility can be made available on any floor of a building. The parking space, thus constructed, should not be counted while measuring the height of the building\".The CIC approved the new development plan on Thursday, spanning 2007-2027 for the old city area with special provisions for the metro rail project, a transport hub, schemes for housing for the poor and cluster development of dilapidated wadas. The DP will be tabled at a special general body meeting on October 25 for approval.The earlier DP for the old city area was drafted in 1982. It was passed in 1987 and was to expire in 1997. However, a 10-year extension was granted as only 20% of the proposed works had been completed. In 2007, the civic body sought yet another extension from the state government, which gave a new deadline of December 2010. But it was only in December 2011, that the civic administration completed and submitted a draft copy of the new DP to the CIC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16943367", "title": "Why women choose careers outside hard sciences", "text": "WASHINGTON: Gender discrimination is a major reason women choose to pursue careers in biology rather than physics, researchers say.The study by researchers from new research from Rice University reveals differences in the way male and female scientists view disparities in the proportion of women in some science disciplines.They surveyed 2,500 biologists and physicists at 30 elite institutions of higher education in the United States and also interviewed a smaller scientific sample of 150 scientists one on one about the reasons they believe there are gender differences in scientific disciplines.\"The distribution of women and men across various science-related occupations has long drawn both popular and scholarly attention,\" lead study author and principal investigator Elaine Howard Ecklund said.\"In our research, we're interested in how scientists explain the different proportions of men and women in biology and physics.\"We know from various pieces of research that people's perceptions of the way things are really influence how they act with other people.\"When mentoring students, they might pass these views along. This makes their opinions extremely important, as they can have a significant impact on future scientists and research,\" she said.The key findings of the study are that both male and female scientists view gender discrimination as a factor in women's decision not to choose a science career at all or to choose biology over physics. However, the two sexes still have differences in opinion about when discrimination occurs.\"During interviews, men almost never mentioned present-day discrimination, believing that any discrimination in physical science classes likely took place early in the educational history (primary school), which they believe explains women's predisposition to biological sciences,\" Ecklund said.\"However, female scientists believe that discrimination is still occurring in present-day universities and departments,\" she said.Regardless of gender or discipline, approximately half of all the scientists interviewed thought that at some point in women's educational lives, they are discouraged from pursing a career in physics.Other reasons scientists gave to explain the different numbers of women that pursue biology when compared with physics include mentorship of students in the fields of biology and physics and \"inherent differences between men and women.\"\"I think women ... want to have more of a sense that what they are doing is helping somebody. Maybe there are more women in ... biology (because) you can be like, 'Oh, I am going to go cure cancer',\" one female scientist said.Whereas women often explained sex differences between the disciplines using reasons of emotional affinity, men stressed neurological differences as being responsible for personal choices. One male scientist suggested that there are \"some brain differences between men and women that explain (the gender differences between the disciplines).\"\"It's extremely important to understand how scientists at the kind of top research universities we studied feel about this topic, as they train the next generation of researchers and leaders in the sciences and will pass on their ideas to these young scholars,\" Ecklund added.The study has been recently published in Gender and Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934853", "title": "Drivers are directors in netas\u2019 firms", "text": "MUMBAI: Manohar Panse, the driver of BJP president Nitin Gadkari , who was found to be a director on several of Gadkari's companies, is not alone. Peons, clerks and drivers of leading politicians have become overnight millionaires or secured key assignments in the institutions set up by their employers.TOI was the first to break the story about Panse being a director in five of Gadkari's Purti Power and Sugar Limited (PPSL) investor companies and a director in six other companies between 2009 and 2011. TOI's continuing investigation into the shareholding of PPSL has revealed that Rajesh Khanzode, an employee of Purti's bakery unit, and Vishnu Sharma, an astrologer from Mumbai, are also directors of two companies with stakes in PPSL. However, Panse is reportedly unaware of the high position he holds in the firms floated or controlled by Gadkari; Khanzode too denied knowing anything about his directorship to TOI. Sharma was away when TOI visited his house but his wife claimed he did not know anything either.In political and bureaucratic circles, the fact that many politicians use their drivers or peons for benami transactions is well known. \"Such transactions are real but everyone knows that the people who make huge investments or are chosen for these important posts cannot possibly do it on their own and are being used,\" a senior bureaucrat said.Gadkari's driver got Rs 60 lakh from SanchetiSudhakar Madke and Suresh Atram, a driver and peon working in the firms set up by controversial BJP MP Ajay Sancheti, had bought a flat each worth Rs 60 lakh in the controversial Adarsh housing society, claims a senior bureaucrat.In his deposition before the commission probing the Adarsh scam, Madke, who had never visited Mumbai, submitted that he had been granted an unsecured loan of Rs 60 lakh by his employer. Atram also secured a loan of Rs 60 lakh from Sancheti. In fact, the MP's firm extended unsecured loans to 10 persons for buying a flat in Adarsh and secured an undertaking from them, saying that in the event they were unable to repay the loan, the flats would automatically be transferred to the firm.Another case was that of Vishal Kedari, a vegetable vendor from Pune's cantonment area who, with a monthly income less than Rs 10,000, also bought a flat worth Rs 60 lakh in Adarsh. \"Our information is that Madke, Atram and Kedari came to know that were \"owners\" of the flats only after the Adarsh scam rocked the nation,\" the bureaucrat said.If a former chief secretary is to be believed, there are a large number of leading politicians who use their drivers and peons for conducting their benami transactions. \"This needs to be probed at a higher level,\" said the bureaucrat. \"In certain cases, it has been revealed that drivers or peons of some veteran politicians also head cooperative societies floated by them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16934857", "title": "Vibrant warmth ends British chill", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The United Kingdom ended its decade-long boycott of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Monday with its high commissioner in India James Bevan meeting Modi for the first time after the 2002 communal riots. The two discussed opportunities for economic cooperation and ensuring justice for the three British nationals killed during the riots.\"The engagement was always there. We now look forward to increased ties,\" said Bevan in Ahmedabad after the meeting. \"As we improve ties with India, we cannot ignore Gujarat.\"In Sadbhavana mode Modi made a minority-friendly gesture by presenting two paintings on cloth to Bevan with the Tree of Life motif. The paintings were made in the traditional Rogan art form by Muslim families in Kutch.The British government had had dissociated itself from the Gujarat government after the post-Godhra riots to protest alleged lack of religious freedom for minorities. But with Modi's growing importance in national politics, attempts are being made to mend fences. The British high commissioner also met Gujarat governor Dr Kamla, state Congress chief Arjun Modhwadia and human rights activists during his eight-hour visit.After his 50-minute meeting with Modi, Bevan insisted that UK's engagement should not been as any endorsement of a particular person. The high commissioner also raised the issue of justice to families of three British nationals killed in the riots. Six people are being tried for killing the three - all Muslims of Indian origin - on February 28, 2002 near Prantij in Sabarkantha.\"We hope for a speedy trial. Judicial trials of 2002 riot cases have seen convictions including a former member of Gujarat government,\" he said referring to life sentence to former minister Maya Kodnani.Modi also welcomed the decision of British Prime Minister David Cameron to strengthen and develop relations with Gujarat. Keeping in mind the large Gujarati community in the UK, Modi urged Bevan to start an office of deputy British High Commission in Gujarat.The UK India Business Council has already agreed to partner the Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors' Summit in January next year. Modi said there were great opportunities for British companies, particularly in projects like Gujarat International Finance Tec-city (GIFT) and port development.Bevan also insisted there was no symbolic message in his visit just ahead of the assembly polls. \"I don't think a British high commissioner spending time in Ahmedabad is going to affect elections,\" he said.He however remained non-committal on Modi becoming eligible for a UK visa. \"He hasn't applied for a visa as of now. We will consider it as and when it happens. We take every application on a case to case basis,\" the high commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16941645", "title": "Ujire gets visage of Buddha", "text": "MANGALORE: Education town of Ujire enroute Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala, some 60-kms from here, has a new attraction for people serene visage of Lord Buddha. Located on the premises of Naturopathy Hospital at Ujire, this visage of Buddha is11 feet tall and 28 feet across draws inspiration from similar stone sculpture found in Khmer architecture dating 1,000 years and more and has been set up on express instructions from D Veerendra Heggade, dharmadhikari of Sri Kshetra.Giving life to this ancient architecture style in modern times are Ganesh Kamath, artist from Dharmasthala and Nagaraj Badiger artist from Shiggaon in Haveri, who designed the same on the former's direction. Ganesh told TOI that the actual drawing was made for a stage to be set up at Lakshadeepotsava at Dharmasthala. \"Heggade was so impressed with the drawing that he wanted us to set up a permanent structure, which we did in a 45-day period,\" he said.The Bayon is well-known and richly decorated Khmer temple at Angkor in Cambodia . Built in the late 12th century or early 13th century as the official state temple of the Mahayana Buddhist King Jayavarman VII , the Bayon stands at the centre of Jayavarman's capital, Angkor Thom . Following Jayavarman's death, it was modified and augmented by later Hindu and Theravada Buddhist kings in accordance with their religious preferences.Its most distinctive feature is multitude of serene and massive stone faces on many towers that jut out from upper terrace and cluster around its central peak. The temple is known for two impressive sets of bas-reliefs , which present an unusual combination of mythological , historical , and mundane scenes. The temple has been described as most striking expression of baroque style of Khmer architecture as contrasted with classical style of Angkor Wat .Ganesh said the visage of Buddha is one of the four faces of Buddha found in Angkor Wat. \"We now have the work of setting up a rock garden at the base of this wall and also arrange lighting for it so that the features on the bas-reliefs are highlighted suitably,\" he said. The wall has been made using cement bricks and mud bricks sourced locally have been used to give desired effect for the sculpture, especially to highlight the facial features.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934742", "title": "Four more remanded to police custody in cash-for-marks scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A magisterial court on Tuesday sent four more accused persons in the 'cash for marks' scam to six-day police remand after the CID (crime) sought their custodial interrogation for 10 days. Pankaj Patel (47) of Vadodara, Vipul Shah (49) and Pranav Shah (39) both from Gandhinagar, and Dilip Shah (50) from Paldi were arrested by the probe agency on Monday in connection with a complaint filed by the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) in the scam two months ago.All four work for Nilpa Software Systems, which was assigned the task of preparation of marksheets of students who had appeared for boards exams. The probe agency claimed that the four were named by Sanjay and Samir Shah, who were arrested last month along with Mrugesh Patel and Vinod Patel. They were also remanded to police custody. Mrugesh was released on bail later.CID (crime) told the court that it wanted to interrogate these four to find out who else was involved in the scam, about the bank accounts, and how they collected money from parents of the students. The probe agency claimed that these four had talked to 90 parents of students that took Standard XII Science tests from Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Surat.The cops claimed that Pankaj talked to four parents, Vipul dealt with 11 persons, while Pranav and Dilip talked to one and three persons respectively for the purpose of alteration of marks in students' marksheets. The probe agency claimed that it has twice recorded statement of Nilpa's owner - Pravin Shah.After CID (crime)'s submissions, additional chief judicial magistrate M S Bhatt permitted the probe agency to interrogate the four in its custody for six days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934715", "title": "Pali ADM, daughter die in accident", "text": "JAIPUR: Additional district magistrate of Pali, Khan Mohammad, and his daughter Rukhsana were killed in a road accident while two others including Rukhsana's son Anees and a driver were injured near Ladnu tehsil in Naguar district on Tuesday evening. Reports said that Khan was on his way to Pali via Nagaur in an SUV with his daughter and grandson after attending a family function in Jhunjhunu.The accident took place in Nimbi Jodha village near Ladnu at 8 pm. Preliminary reports said that the driver, in a bid to save an animal crossing the road, abruptly applied brake. The car overturned and crashed on the roadside. The injured were taken out of the car by the villagers and rushed to a hospital in Ladnu,\" said SHO, Ladnu police station, Zargah Ram.Khan was declared 'brought dead' at the hospital. Rukhsana sustained serious injuries on her head and face. After preliminary treatment, she was referred to Jaipur for treatment. \"She died in an ambulance after an hour. Her body was brought to Ladnu for post-mortem,\" said the SHO. While Anees and driver sustained minor injuries and are out of danger.Khan's body has been sent for post mortem. Relatives of the deceased informed police that the two will be buried in their native village Sasthana in Nagaur on Wednesday. His relatives rushed from Jaipur and Jhunjhunu. Khan was born in an ordinary family in Sasthana village near Nagaur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16936012", "title": "Nishan will kill you if I go home: Abducted minor girl tells parents", "text": "FARIDKOT: The 15-year-old girl, who was brought to Faridkot after being rescued from Goa, on Tuesday morning told her parents in the district court that her abductor Nishan Singh would wipe out the entire family if she accompanied them home. She did not only refuse to accompany them back home but even said no to a medical examination, after which the court sent her to a Nari Nikean in Jalandhar.According to the girl's parents, she told them inside the court that \"Nishan and his associates will kill you if I go with you now. I can't accompany you.\" They said that their daughter started crying on seeing them and hugged them tightly. \"Her hands were so cold. She was shivering. I thought she was afraid or something. I asked her but she didn't speak much,\" said the girl's mother.The girl's father said they talked to their daughter for not more than two minutes before she recorded her statement in the court of the chief judicial magistrate, Faridkot, Dr Rajneesh. The parents also said that their daughter recorded her first statement saying she wanted to go home and get medically examined in their presence and backtracked when they were not present in the courtroom.\"After the first statement we came out of the courtroom and later came to know that she has recorded a supplementary statement, saying she did not want to return home or get medically examined,\" said the girl's father. \"First our daughter was kidnapped and now she has again been snatched from us. She was ready to come with us and also for medical examination, but we don't know what happened in the gap of a few minutes that she changed her statement,\" he added.The parents also said that though she was rescued on Sunday, police did not let her talk to them till Tuesday. \"Punjab police did not want us to talk to her. Had we talked to her the day she was rescued, she would have been with us today,\" said the mother.Brought on a transit remand from Goa, Nishan Singh, the prime accused in the kidnapping case, was on Tuesday produced in the local court which remanded him in police custody till October 27. He was produced in the court under tight security as there was a fear of demonstrations by various organizations outside the court, said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16940627", "title": "Narendra Modi invites MP minister to campaign in Gujarat polls", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Minister Babulal Gaur has been invited by Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi to campaign in the upcoming Assembly elections in the state.\"I had congratulated Modi over phone when British High Commissioner James Bevan called on him for strengthening business and trade relations with Gujarat following which he asked me to campaign in the state Assembly polls,\" Gaur said.There is a significant shift in the policy of British government towards Gujarat, the Urban Administration and Development Minister added.\"Modi invited me and I will go there as and when they (Gujarat BJP unit) require my services,\" he said.The two-phase polling in Gujarat will be held on December 13 and 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16934428", "title": "Criminals using sophisticated weapons with elan", "text": "VARANASI: The frequent use of sophisticated weapons by criminals, especially .9mm and 32 bore pistols, indicates that use of `katta' (country-made pistols) in committing crimes has become a history.Gone are the days when the shooters and gangsters had confidence on country-made revolvers. The region, which earned notoriety of being the land of mafia dons and shooters after late eighties, had seen many changes in the trend of crime and use of weapons. Despite the fact that the gangs of underworld dons had started using sophisticated weapons, including AK-47 by mid-nineties and in the first decade of new millennium, majority of the shooters relied on country-made revolvers. Huge recoveries of such weapons by police are evidence in this regard.Between 2008 and 2011, when the criminal gangs were on their knees, the region witnessed lowest number of shoot-outs. Since April last, the criminal gangs have started showing their presence and in order to spread the network they also committed sensational crimes. The records of Varanasi police are sufficient to show that how the criminal gangs have started efforts for revival.The first sensational murder of this year took place on April 23 when bank employee Mahesh Jaiswal was sprayed with bullets. After him a sanitaryware trader Sushil was shot at his shop in Shivpur on May 28 while a rice mill owner Rajkumar Gupta was also shot at during indiscriminate firing by miscreants in Adampur on May 29. On September 14 Shekhu was sprayed with bullets in Dalmandi while a medical practitioner was targeted in Mirzamurad. On October 5, miscreants opened indiscriminate fire on an ornament trader Rajesh Maurya and his servant Zishan Ansari in New Colony under Bhelupur police. Zishan died in the incident.A few of these firing incidents were aimed at creating panic among the traders to revive the extortion 'trade' by criminal gangs. The use of sophisticated weapons in these incidents were established after the recovery of empty shells. SSP BD Paulson considers the use of sophisticated weapons by the miscreants even in loot incident as a matter of concern.The SSP, who says that illegal arms manufacturing units are not continuing anywhere in the district, added that on the basis of investigations in past incidents, it has been found that the places like Munger in Bihar are the sources for supplying the sophisticated pistols to the criminal gangs. The recovery of weapons in huge quantity by the GRP in Mughalsarai in recent past also indicated that the pistols were being supplied from the neighbouring state. The question whether these pistols are being manufactured in Bihar or entering the country via Nepal still remains unanswered. The SSP said that some teams have been engaged to trace the routes of arms supply and the network through which the arms are reaching in hands of criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16942062", "title": "Aussies have utmost respect for Sachin Tendulkar, says Mark Webber", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The decision to confer Sachin Tendulkar with the 'Order of Australia' might not have gone down well Down Under, but the Australian F1 driver Mark Webber today said his country has \"utmost respect\" for the \"incredible\" Indian batsman.\"Sachin Tendulkar has just been an incredible cricketer and one of the most amazing sportspersons the world has seen. Australians have utmost respect for him. The government, the people, everyone respects him,\" the Red Bull driver Webber, said.\"He has set a very high benchmark for every other Indian cricketer and every young player looks up to him. He has scored lot of runs,\" he said.Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard, during her recent visit to India, had announced that Tendulkar would be conferred with the Membership of the Order of Australia, an honour \"rarely\" awarded to non-Australians.The 'Order of Australia' is an order of chivalry to recognise Australian citizens and other persons for achievement or for meritorious service. The 39-year-old Tendulkar will be awarded an AM, which is one of the six grades in the Order of Australia.Tendulkar, who is also a Rajya Sabha MP, will become only the second Indian after former Attorney General Soli Sorabjee and the first sportsperson from the country to get the honour.Former Australian batsman Matthew Hayden had made his displeasure clear when he said that the honour should be \"exclusive\" to his countrymen and only they should be conferred with such awards.However, the 36-year-old Webber had a different take on the whole issue.\"We have given the Order of Australia to cricketers from other nations too. They have been doing it for a while now. We gave it to Garfield Sobers and Brian Lara . If we can give it to Lara then Tendulkar certainly deserves it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933664", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation to give 25 AC buses to Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will soon be buying 25 air-conditioned (AC) buses which will be handed over to the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) for being deployed for the city's public transport. Also, at least three of the new buses will be used for 'Pune Darshan' which is a city tour operated by the PMPML for tourists.The civic body has recently invited quotations from automobile companies and other agencies for the buses.MLC Mohan Joshi, who has been following up on the proposal of purchase of AC buses, said a fresh budgetary provision has been made this year for buying the buses.Last year, in February, the PMC's standing committee had made a provision of Rs 12.5 crore for buying 25 AC buses. The standing committee had then said the buses would be used exclusively for IT professionals and for a bus service to the Pune airport. The modern buses were supposed to have LCD screens and charging facilities for cell phones and laptops. However, the proposal never materialised and was soon forgotten amidst the run-up to the civic elections earlier this year. Joshi said the budgetary provision had lapsed after the end of the financial year 2011-12, however, a fresh provision was made in this year's civic budget.Joshi said that the PMPML may also get about 50 more buses over the next few months. These buses were earlier supposed to be purchased by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, he added.Meanwhile, last November, the PMPML had also announced a separate plan to get 100 AC buses from private operators who would invest in the buses and operate and maintain them for a period of 10 years. The operators would have the right to retain the ticket revenues and revenues from advertisement on buses. However, there was no response to this proposal and the plan was abandoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur/mumbai", "code": "16934984", "title": "Bakery staffer, astrologer are directors in companies having stakes in Purti", "text": "NAGPUR/MUMBAI: TOI's investigation into the shareholding of Purti Power and Sugar Limited (PPSL) now reveals that an employee of its bakery unit and an astrologer from Mumbai are directors of two companies having stakes in PPSL. Also, a senior BJP leader from Mira Bhayander near Mumbai runs the group of companies that has invested in Purti. BJP president Nitin Gadkari was chairman of Purti till he resigned 14 months ago and now holds only 310 shares in the company. However, people close to him continue to control Purti shares.On Tuesday, Purti MD Sudhir Diwe submitted to TOI the latest list of corporate shareholders. Two new names cropped up in it: Last Mile Infrastructure Private Limited and Seven-Eleven Sales &amp; Marketing Private Limited. From 22 corporate shareholders (and not 21 as reported on Monday), the list is down to 18 even though the equity has remained the same.On Monday, TOI had reported that Gadkari's 'diwan', driver and two staffers of Purti were directors in 16 of these 22 companies. The other five were controlled by three members of a certain Kandoi family based in Kolkata. Also, as reported, Ideal Road Builders Private Limited, which had won a couple of road contracts under Gadkari as PWD minister (1995-1999), too is corporate shareholder in Purti.The Kandoi family no longer holds shares in Purti. The five companies that exited are Anantika Infrastructure Private Limited, Cathy Infrastructure Private Limited, Roller Multitrade Private Limited, Sanobar Infrastructure Private Limited and Vidya Buildcon Private Limited.At present, Last Mile and Seven-Eleven hold 47.65 lakh equity shares in Purti which is worth Rs 4.76 crores. Like almost all stakeholders of Purti probed earlier, these two companies also seem to be shell companies. Seven-Eleven, incorporated in August 1998, had Manohar Panse (Gadkari's driver) as a director till August 2010. He exited when one Sanjay Bansod of Mahal (Nagpur) was appointed as director. Another director for Seven-Eleven was Pandurang Zade who was appointed on July 24, 2009. His son Kawdu Zade is apparently Gadkari's 'diwanji' and also director in some companies. According to signatory details for Seven-Eleven obtained from the ministry of corporate affairs (MCA), Rajesh Shantaram Khanzode is the added-on director along with Kolkata-based Rajendra Kumar Bihani and Mira Bhayander-based Vishnu Hanumant Prasad Sharma.Khanzode resides at Ramkrishna Nagar in Khamla area of Nagpur. \"I work with Purti's bakery unit and am posted at the head office in Gandhisagar. I don't know anything about the company you are talking about,\" he said. Vishnu Sharma, an astrologer, has been staying in a rented flat at B-308, Garden View Cooperative Housing Society Ltd, Bhayander (West), Thane, for the past three years. The flat is owned by VS Sanghavi. Sharma was not in when TOI visited his home. His wife pleaded ignorance when asked whether her husband knew Gadkari. She also did not know anything about her husband being a director in a company called Seven-Eleven Pvt Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16939103", "title": "Man held for abetting wife's suicide in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old man was arrested for abetting the suicide of his wife on Tuesday. The deceased, Swati Shete, 23, used a saree to hang herself from the ceiling fan while she was alone at home. The accused, Pandit Shete, 28, runs a vegetable stall at Gorai.Officials from the Borivali police station said that Swati had tied the knot in 2008 and did not have any kids. The couple stayed at Gorai. Around 10.15 am on Tuesday, Pandit left to purchase vegetables for his shop while his mother was minding his stall.When Pandit returned, he found the door locked from inside. He knocked at the door but received no response after which, with the help of neighbours, he broke in the room only to find Swati hanging from the ceiling. The locals informed the police about the incident and she was taken to Bhagwati hospital. Doctors declared her dead on arrival.Swati's sister, Sangeeta Jadhav, alleged that Swati was being harassed physically and mentally by her husband, as he suspected her character. Sangeeta also stated that Swati had complained to her about the harassment over phone. But being unwell, Sangeeta couldn't visit her sister.\"Swati s family has complained that she was beaten and taunted for not bearing a child. We have registered a case under section 306 (abetment) and 498 (A) (subjecting spouse to cruelty) of IPC against Pandit,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934197", "title": "Experts to study mining, industry impact on Tadoba", "text": "NAGPUR: The principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), Maharashtra, is planning to constitute a committee of experts to study adverse impact of mining and industries on biodiversity and tigers in and around Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve ( TATR).According to sources, the move follows as compliance of the assurance to the calling attention motion moved by Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) MLA from Magathane in Mumbai Pravin Darekar in the Assembly. \"I had raised the issue in the House. I'm busy with a function and hence will give you the details tomorrow,\" Darekar told TOI.To discuss modalities and methodology for the study on adverse impact, PCCF (wildlife) SWH Naqvi has called a meeting on October 30 at Van Bhawan. The state government has already roped in Yashwantrao Academy of Development Administration (Yashda), Pune, to study tiger corridors in Vidarbha.Naqvi was unavailable for comments as he was busy with a meeting in Mumbai.The committee is likely to comprise experts from National Environment Engineering Research Institute (NEERI), World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF), Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ), Dehradun , and Centre for Wildlife Studies headed by noted expert K Ullas Karanth from Karnataka.In May, MNS chief Raj Thackeray had visited Gondmohadi near Tadoba, where two tigers were entangled in metal traps. Apart from the MNS raising the issue, there are charges from all quarters that excessive mining and industrial activities over the years had destroyed tiger habitat around Tadoba.The charges include breaking of wildlife corridors, increase in man-animal conflict and extension of existing mines that would adversely affect already fragmented corridors. There are many coal and iron ore mines in the Tadoba landscape awaiting environment clearance. If granted, Tadoba would be isolated further increasing man-animal conflict as tigers would be unable to migrate.A study on 'How coal mining is trashing tigerland' published by leading NGO Greenpeace on August 3 has revealed that coalfields around Tadoba overlap with endangered species habitat.The report highlights massive costs India is facing from the huge expansion in coal mining. The mines will impact eight tiger reserves and their corridors including Tadoba-Andhari, Kanha, Bandhavgarh, Sanjay-Dubri, Kawal, Satkosia, Simlipal and Palamau.Talking to TOI, president of tiger conservation NGO Eco-Pro Bandu Dhotre welcomed the move saying Chandrapur was the most polluted city in India. Wastewater from existing mines is not only contaminating rivers, lakes and streams in the district but is also disturbing groundwater balance. Any further activity will be detrimental not only to forest and wildlife but also residents.Dhotre said around 25 tonnes of overburden is generated for every tonne of coal produced altering the landscape. \"Coalmines emit particulate matter and gases, including methane, sulphurdioxide and oxides of nitrogen. These mines also cause noise pollution by blasting, movement of heavy earthmoving machinery, drilling and coal-handling equipment,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16944072", "title": "9-year-old allegedly raped, murdered", "text": "VADODARA: A nine-year-old girl was allegedly raped and then murdered by an unidentified person late on Tuesday night.The girl, who was studying in class IV at a government school, had gone missing from Ektnagar in Waghodia on Tuesday evening. Her parents kept looking for her till late on Tuesday and then lodged a missing person complaint on Wednesday.The police found her body from an open field on the highway opposite L&T; Knowledge Park on Wednesday afternoon.The police said that prima facie it seems that the girl was raped but they are waiting for the postmortem report. \"The girl went missing from Ektnagar area on Tuesday evening when she was sent to buy medicines from a store. Her parents started looking for her in adjacent areas. When they couldn't find her, they approached the police,\" said Kishanwadi police inspector RS Jadeja.\"We found the girl's body from an open field on the near national highway 8 on Wednesday afternoon. She was strangulated to death by the accused. Prima facie it seems that she may have been raped but we are waiting for her medical reports,\" Jadeja added.The victim's father Sohrabkhan Pathan, who is a truck driver, said that he learnt that his daughter had gone missing when he came back at home on Tuesday night. \"I don't have any enemies and I don't have doubt on anyone in my locality. Why would anyone kill my daughter?\" said a grieving Pathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16933335", "title": "Ineligible computer science students refused enrolment number", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as ineligible MCA students of Nagpur University got respite from high court, the fate of similarly-placed Post BSc Diploma in Computer Science and Application (PGDCS&A;) still hangs in balance, thanks to lethargic NU administration that failed to take a decision even three and half months after commencement of their academic session.Many of them contacted TOI stating that NU was yet to allot them enrolment numbers and their colleges were telling them that they were ineligible as per Ordinance No. 24 of 2009 that clearly stated that student must secure at least 50% aggregate marks in BSc for securing admission into PGDCS&A; course. Ironically, many students were from NU's own 'Inter-Institutional Computer Centre (IICC) on Amravati Road. They claimed that though NU had provided enrolment numbers to other students, they were not being informed why they were ignored. The college authorities told them that their admissions will be cancelled.Surprisingly, the enquiry ordered by pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie into illegal admissions of these students by the colleges including NU's own department was yet to commence. Controller of Examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke said he hadn't received any orders of enquiry from either VC Vilas Sapkal or pro-VC. Director of NU's IICC Satish Sharma tried to pass buck on the NU officials stating he was not aware of Ordinance No. 24.\"I joined just last year and had no idea about eligibility criteria. We came to know that only through media. There is some confusion in this Ordinance and also Direction issued in 2008 regarding admissions,\" he said. He justified decision to admit ineligible candidates stating they were not apprised by NU earlier regarding the Ordinance.TOI had first reported nearly thousand admissions were made by flouting norms just like in the case of MCA. Four of IICC students who completed PGDCS&A; were admitted at Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru College of Engineering in the MCA course. They later appeared for third and fourth semester exams conducted by NU but after the illegalities came to fore, NU cancelled their admissions.Mgt council admits call attention motionNU's Management Council on Tuesday admitted a call attention motion moved by Dinesh Agrawal flaying the VC for his alleged failure to perform his duties as mandated in the Section 14(5) of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994. The member moved this motion after court pulled up NU for cancelling admissions of 'ineligible' MCA students, midway in the academic session.However, the NU administration made it clear that it would make some changes in it, probably deleting the part criticizing Sapkal for the fiasco. The discussion on the motion will be held on Thursday when council resumes it emergent meet to discuss a host of issues, members said. Agrawal had demanded that Council direct VC to ensure that admissions, enrolment and permission for regular students to appear for the exams were done in strict accordance with Ordinance No 1 and 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939294", "title": "'NEP will be the ideal launchpad'", "text": "Actress Samantha is thrilled about working with Gautham Menon in Neethane En Ponvasantham. After being part of his Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa, Nadunisi Naaygal and other films in Telugu and Hindi, the girl says it's been a learning experience working with him.\" NEP will surely outdo the brilliance of VTV . It's such a realistic movie. Nithya (in NEP ) is way stronger than Jessi of VTV ; she will definitely capture your mind and heart with her strong emotions. I guess I'm plain lucky to play a character that traverses across four stages of life. The movie will not only engage everyone, but will also take them on a whirlwind tour of their own past,\" she says.Samantha admits that her first couple of movies in Tamil didn't do too well. \" NEP will be the ideal launchpad again,\" she smiles.The actress is paired opposite Jiiva in the film. \"I was comfortable working with Jiiva; he's a wonderful artist. Gautham's movies are known for the chemistry between the lead pairs. I'm sure the chemistry between us will also be equally spoken about. Our romance is more practical than emotional,\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934707", "title": "Non-resident Gujarati robbed of Rs 7.28L on CG Road", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An non-resident Gujarati (NRG), who had come to enjoy Navratri and Diwali festivities in the city from the US, was targeted by tricksters on CG Road on Monday. The victim, Naren Patel, was hoodwinked by two men who stole a bag containing gold ornaments worth Rs 7.28 lakh from his parked scooter. Navrangpura police have started search for the accused in the case.Police said that Patel, a resident of Garfield Town in New Jersey, is visiting his relatives at Utsav Residency in Chandkheda, with his family members. He had some gold ornaments that he wanted to exchange for new and buy some stones, he went to a jewellery shop on CG Road at 6 pm riding his relative's scooter.\"Patel purchased the gold ornaments and stones from the shop and put it in a bag. He hanged the bag from a hook in the scooter and was about to leave when a man came near him and questioned him whether the money scattered near the scooter were his. Patel then saw some currency notes of Rs 10 and Rs 50 on the road. Meanwhile, he got a call from one of his friends. When he finished the call, he realized that the man and his bag were gone,\" said Navrangpura police.Navrangpura police station inspector P M Sarvaiya said that the showroom from where Patel made the purchase was under renovation and thus they have not been able to get the CCTV footage of the spot where the incident took place. \"It is handiwork of the gang where one person uses the currency notes as distraction whereas another member flees with the valuables from the vehicles,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16935412", "title": "Anti-terror commandos reduced to drivers in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Eighty Gujarat policemen, hand-picked for anti-terror training in Jodhpur in 2010 to form a Crack Team for quick responses to terror attacks or similar exigencies, have since been relegated to the roles of drivers and gas men, who fire teargas shells to counter rioters and vandals.In fact, the Crack Team now largely consists of green horns, newly recruited policemen with no counter-terror training.National Security Guard officers had conducted the training for the 80 during which they were made to fire 1,000 rounds from automatic weapons. \"The 26/11 terror attack in Mumbai had triggered the necessity of a state-based team of terror fighters,\" said a senior Gujarat police official.The group was initially allocated special vehicles and kept on alert round the clock. But soon senior officers felt that they were under-utilized and were put on general duties two years after the training.Now, some members of the first Crack Team have written to Gujarat DGP Chittaranjan Singh and complained about being allocated general duties while untrained cops have been given their role.\"The objective behind setting up the Crack Team has been lost,\" the letter said.Singh said he was yet to receive any such complaint, but would look into the matter and see where the decision-making in this issue went wrong, as the state government has spent a huge amount to train them.Ahmedabad headquarters joint commissioner of police Sanjay Shrivastav said he had not yet got any formal complaint in this regard. \"But we shall rectify it if there has been any such error in relegating duties.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16935427", "title": "Samajwadi Party has set an example by sacking Natwar Goel", "text": "Samajwadi Party has set an example by sacking Natwar Goel, who led his cronies to attack photo journalists in the state capital in the broad daylight. In fact, such a step was long overdue for inspiring confidence among the people of the state who voted the party to power with full majority on the promise that it would establish the rule of law. The public conduct of some of the SP leaders in the past seven and a half months, however, has hardly been commendable. There have been frequent instances like a minister virtually kidnapping a chief medical officer to enforce his diktat, or youth leaders of the party assaulting scribes for writing against them. If SP lost in 2007, it was largely due to such people who had brought bad name to the party. Before 2012 polls, Akhilesh Yadav promised to change not only the image but also the conduct of his partymen. Although some cases in the past seven months gave this impression that Akhilesh, who is also the SP state chief, had failed to rein in his cadre but by acting swiftly against Goel, the young chief minister has shown that he can act tough if he wants. Being UP's youngest chief minister, Akhilesh had started with a clean slate without any baggage of the old order. He still has the opportunity to write his own success story by ensuring good governance. Only he has to exercise his will power.Related story:  Akhilesh Yadav sacks minister for assaulting journalists", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "16935021", "title": "Superman alter ego Clark Kent to quit paper job", "text": "LOS ANGELES: In an upcoming issue of the Superman comic series, his mild-mannered alter ego Clark Kent quits his job as a reporter at The Daily Planet. Kent, who has been with the newspaper since DC Comics debuted the character in 1940, quits in front of the entire newspaper staff after a heated discussion with Morgan Edge, the owner of Daily Planet's parent company, reported Los Angeles Times.In the comic's current story line, the Daily Planet's editor-in-chief is upset with Kent, as he is not getting enough front-page scoops on his beat of covering all things about Superman. To make matters worse, head honcho Morgan Edge has been giving Kent a hard time, causing him to go from mild-to-wild-mannered, quitting on the spot in the middle of the newsroom.Before he leaves, Kent gives a speech about how the true sense of journalism has given way to entertainment. \"This is really what happens when a 27-year-old guy is behind a desk and he has to take instruction from a larger conglomerate with concerns that aren't really his own,\" said writer Scott Lobdell. \"Superman is arguably the most powerful person on the planet, but how long can he sit at his desk with someone breathing down his neck and treating him like the least important person in the world,\" he said.\"This is not the first time in DC Comics history that Clark Kent has left the Planet, and this time the resignation reflects present-day issues - the balance of journalism vs entertainment, the role of new media, the rise of the citizen journalist, etc,\" said a DC Entertainment representative. The year 2013 promises to be a big year for Superman, with a new comic book from Scott Snyder and Jim Lee on the way, as well as Zack Snyder's 'Man of Steel' movie.Lobdell hinted that Kent would \"come into his own in the next few years as far as being a guy who takes to the Internet and to the airwaves and starts speaking an unvarnished truth\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933650", "title": "CCTVs must for commercial buildings: Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has made it mandatory for commercial establishments in its municipal limits to install Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) cameras within a month as a security and safety measure.Anoopkumar Yadav, who is holding the additional charge as municipal commissioner, said directives under the provisions of Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation (BPMC) Act 1949 have been issued to commercial establishments. \"The four zonal officers have been instructed to send compliance report of these directives within a month.\"Yadav said punitive action will be taken as per law against those commercial establishments that fail to install CCTV cameras in their premises.A circular issued by the corporation states, \"Pune has become a sensitive city due to terror activities. Two years ago, a blast occurred at the German Bakery, while recently serial blasts took place on Jangli Maharaj Road. Blasts cause loss of lives and damage public property. So preventive measures need to be taken for the safety of citizens. Also, there is a need to take safety measures at crowded areas and at all commercial establishments that see large movement of people.\"\"The civic body has the power to undertake measures to ensure safety of citizens under the Disaster Management Act 2005. Under section 65(3) of BPMC Act 1949, steps need to be taken to provide fire-fighting equipment to protect human lives and property from fire, as there is a possibility of fires that can be triggered by short circuits and bomb blasts. As per the section three of Maharashtra Fire Preventive and Life safety Measures Act 2006, the responsibility to provide fire preventive and life safety measures is of the owner or tenant of buildings.\"Implementation of the directive is mandatory for owners or tenants of commercial offices/ buildings such as malls, shops, companies, various offices, auditoriums and halls, marriage halls, religious places, and hospitals. CCTV cameras should be installed at entrances, internal areas, parking areas and important places inside the buildings. The directives say that the cameras must have the capacity to store a footage for at least a month since the recording. The organisers of events such as exhibitions, public meetings, Ganeshotsav and others must also mandatorily install CCTV cameras at the venues.eom/siddharth gaikwad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16938460", "title": "Haryana government revises dearness allowance", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government has revised the rates for dearness allowance (DA) relief for its pensioners and family pensioners from 65 to 72 per cent with effect from July 1, 2012.Finance minister HS Chattha said the DA relief to pensioners and family pensioners would be admissible on the pattern of Union government.The government would spend a sum of Rs 8.35 crore per month to give this increased DA relief, he said on Wednesday.The minister said to provide the relief from July, 2012, to February, 2013 an additional amount of Rs 66.80 crore would be incurred, resulting in an additional annual burden of Rs 100.20 crore for the state exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933738", "title": "Malad robbery: Cops leave for UP, Bihar", "text": "MUMBAI: Teams from the Kurar police station have left for Uttar Pradesh and Bihar to look for the three helps who looted cash and valuables worth Rs 54.15 lakh from a Malad (E) flat after assaulting a housewife on Sunday.The victim, Vandana Kapoor, is out of danger. The accused had even made off with the family's pet, a four-month-old dog called Myra.\"The three\u2014Praveen, Santosh and Raju\u2014had been employed with the Kapoors for not more than a month. The family members do not even know their antecedents nor do they have their pictures. The accused have left their cellphones behind. This indicates that the robbery had been planned even before the three took up the job,\" said the police. We suspect from their accent that they are north Indians.The CCTV footage from Shuchi Heights, where the victim stays, isn't clear. \"We have called experts to get clearer images,\" cops said. \"We weren't keen on hiring Raju. One of our helps had quit as he did not want to work with Raju, who used to drink. We had warned Raju that this will not be tolerated,\" a family member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "16934413", "title": "Five-year-old sends father to jail", "text": "JABALPUR: Relying on the testimony of a 5-year-old, the MP high court has sentenced a Kanpur chartered accountant to life imprisonment for murdering his mistress and a three-year-old son. A division bench comprising Justice Rakesh Saxena and Justice TK Kaushal set aside the acquittal order passed by the trial court categorically bringing on record that \"evidence of the child witness has not been properly appreciated.\"\"Finding of the acquittal court was given in utter disregard of evidence... such findings are perverse and require re-appreciation and interference,\" the verdict delivered in the second week of this month said.Abhinav, a kindergarten student, was found weeping in Bhairav Ghati jungles in Panna district by a truck driver soon after the crime was committed in April 1989. The boy was naked, incoherent and bore injury marks on his stomach. He was taken to a police station and and the same day Mandla police recovered decomposing bodies of his 30-year-old mother Sushma and younger sibling Shashank from the nearby forest. According to the prosecution, RKS Malhotra, a politically well-connected CA had been living with Sushma and the two sons in Sarojani Nagar locality in Kanpur for six years. The relationship between the couple soured after Sushma began to demand a share for herself and the boys in his property.Annoyed by the bickering, Malhotra went back to live with his wife and parents in another part of the city and Sushma continued to live in the rented house with her kids. Unable to withstand pressure form Sushma, he hatched a plot to eliminate her and the kids and offered them a trip to Khajuraho. On the fateful afternoon, the man, with the help of an accomplice, took them to an isolated spot in Bhairav Ghati in Panna and strangulated them even as Abhinav fled the scene. The highly traumatized child disclosed his and his parent's identity to Mandla police and also recounted the gruesome incident that he had witnessed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933412", "title": "Dasara shopping brings back buzz in markets", "text": "HYDERABAD: Festive fervour gripped the city on Tuesday as denizens thronged marketplaces to purchase various items required for puja on Dasara. Shop owners at major market areas in the city including Begum Bazaar and Monda market reported sales increasing to three times the normal figures.This year, lanes and bylanes in many localities and even city arterial roads had vendors selling marigolds, the piles of yellow and orange flowers setting the perfect festive mood for the season. The lanes of Begum Bazaar and Monda market were buzzing with activity all through Tuesday.At least 500 vendors selling flowers and other puja items lined the streets of Monda market on both sides while the narrow lanes of Begum Bazaar were crowded to the brim. Y Rajashekhar, a shop owner at Monda market said, \"Sales on the day before Dasara are three times more than the average sales on a regular day. From Monday itself the crowds started increasing and by Tuesday night, around 10,000 people would have visited the market.\" Fruit vendors too reported sales going up by no less than 100% on Tuesday. Smaller markets in localities across the city too were busy through the day, allowing denizens to purchase the necessary items from nearby, saving them a trip to the bigger markets.Textile and readymade garment traders said that sales during this time were double the sales on other days with business this year being at least 20% more than Dasara last year. The festive boom was evident at sweet shops in the city with denizens purchasing sweets in bulk for distribution. M Nagarjuna of Almond House said, \"Sales have gone up by at least 10% this season and the special festive gift box with an assortment of 12 varieties of sweets is the fastest moving item. Apart from over the counter sales, many companies have also placed bulk orders for distributing them among employees.\"At Dadu's Mithai Vatika sales have nearly doubled as vendors said that around five tonnes of sweets were already sold in the past few days' adding that sales were up by 20% when compared to last year. With Ayudha Puja falling on Tuesday, vehicles on streets were decorated with flowers.On Dasara, denizens worship goddess Durga and spend the day visiting temples and with family while feasting on traditional delicacies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934738", "title": "Deadly romance: Girl beaten up by fellow college student", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A girl was attacked by a fellow student in HK College campus on Tuesday. According to college authorities, the matter was related to romantic links between the two.The victim, said a college official, was sitting alone in her classroom when the boy saw her and rushed in and slapped her several times. The boy then ran out and got a stick and beat the girl again. This time the girl raised an alarm and called for help. Fellow classmates and few professors rushed for the girl's aid. In the mean time, the boy ran away.The girl lodged a complaint with the college principal. Meanwhile, the college staff looked up the footage of CCTV installed there and saw the boy attacking the girl. \"The boy was called immediately and informed that he was seen in the CCTV footage. The boy came and a compromise was reached with the girl. The boy is the son of a local businessman,\" says a senior college staffer.HK College principal Gopal Bhatt was not available for comments. A senior college official told TOI that the girl has not withdrawn the complaint which means that college's sexual harassment committee will now have to be compulsorily involved in the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16935748", "title": "Fee on land demarcation in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: All those waiting to buy properties in Punjab will now have to cough up a little more when they approach the government to demarcate their piece of land. The cabinet on Tuesday has amended rules to impose a fee, besides giving a go-ahead to Punjab municipal outdoor advertisement policy.The policy pertains to all advertisements within the limits of municipalities across the state and has primarily been designed to ensure that outdoor advertisement was not hazardous to traffic. Spaces meant for outdoor advertisement would be auctioned in a transparent manner.Responding to the proposal moved by the chief minister off the agenda, the cabinet approved to contribute an amount of Rs 10 lakh and Rs 7.50 lakh from the discretionary funds of the ministers and chief parliamentary secretaries every year for the construction of \"Jang-e-Azaadi\" memorial coming up at Kartarpur near Jalandhar to showcase the enormous contribution of Punjabis in the national freedom struggle.The cabinet also gave a nod to form a cabinet sub-committee under chairmanship of deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal to devise a comprehensive policy for maintenance of sewerage, water supply, storm water and roads in urban areas. The cabinet gave approval to amend Section 100 of Punjab Land Revenue Act, 1987, by inserting a provision.The cabinet also gave approval for transferring the land/building of Faridkot Cooperative Sugar Mill to the state government to enable its sale along with the plant machinery and other miscellaneous assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934567", "title": "Police put on alert ahead of Dussehra", "text": "JAIPUR: After inputs of intelligence agencies on possible terror attacks in Gujarat during the festival season, Rajasthan police was put on high alert as a precautionary measure on the eve of Dusserha. Nearly 10,000 policemen across the state and 2,000 for Jaipur would be deployed while the effigies of the demon king are set on fire on Wednesday.According to the senior officials of the state police, elaborate security arrangements would be there at the Ramlila grounds across the state where the effigies would be set on fire. \"Police in plainclothes would be deployed at these venues from the day time on Dusserha,\" a senior officer of the police headquarters said.In Jaipur, nearly 2,000 policemen would be deployed city especially at the Ramlila grounds.\"Though we don't have any specific alert, we can't take chances and a good number of policemen would be deployed at all the venues that have organised the Dussehra festival,\" commissioner of police B L Soni said on Tuesday.He added that fire offices, ambulance service and others have been asked to remain alert at the time when a mammoth rush would be witnessed at the venues. The traffic police in Jaipur have also introduced some diversions for the city.\"Mini buses in the city won't be allowed from Sanjay Circle to Choti Chaupar, Yaadgar tri-circle to Ramniwas Bagh and Ghat Gate to Minerva cinema hall. These buses would be diverted from Sanjay Circle to Sansar Chandra road,\" said Lata Manoj Kumar , deputy commissioner of police (traffic).She added that from 3 pm to 10 pm, entry of vehicles won't be allowed from Raja Park to Barf Khana (Aadarsh Nagar).\"People would be allowed to walk towards the Aadarsh Nagar Ramlila ground but no vehicles would be allowed at that time,\" a senior officer said.Buses coming from New Delhi will not come from the conventional route via Narayan Singh circle. \"All these buses to Jaipur would be diverted to Sikar road area from Chandwaji to reach Sindhi camp,\" an officer said.No vehicles except those ferrying the effigies would be allowed inside the venues where the Dussehra functions are organised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16933485", "title": "David Booth is new Salgaocar coach", "text": "PANAJI: David Booth will succeed Karim Bencherifa as coach at the Salgaocar Sports Club . The former Mahindra United and Mumbai FC coach is currently holidaying in Thailand with his family and is expected to arrive in Goa in the first week of November.Club chairman Shivanand Salgaocar convened an emergency meeting of the players and team officials - without Bencherifa - at the club headquarters in Vasco and announced Booth as the new coach. Until the new coach takes charge, assistant coach Peter Valles will be the interim boss while Bencherifa is likely to be kept at an arms length, although he continue to stay in Goa for a month.\"Booth is our new coach. We have already reached an agreement. As for Bencherifa, he will be with us till November 17, as per contractual obligations, and should present himself whenever we require technical inputs,\" said Salgaocar secretary Raj Gomes.The Salgaocar secretary said several coaches were interested in joining the former I-League champions but Booth was always the frontrunner. According to club sources, Brazilian coach Carlos Roberto Perreira and former Mohun Bagan coach Santosh Kashyap were among those who had established contact with the club.\"Having successfully coached Mahindra United in the past, Dave (Booth) already has an existing understanding of the Indian player pool and style of play. It should be an easy transition for him into the club despite him only joining after the season already started,\" said Booth's agent Arvind Narayan.The Fifa agent and partner at Libero Sports said it would be interesting to see if Booth can extract the best from some of the Salgaocar players 'who may still have some unrealized potential', just like the way he did at Mahindra with players like Mohammed Rafi and Muritala Ali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934231", "title": "Women should have the right to decide if they want the child: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Nima Purohit, Usha Jethwa and Niketa Mehta hail from different backgrounds, but they all have one thing in common\u2014each underwent an unsuccessful pregnancy. But these three are not the only ones. Doctors say there are many women who have no option but to either wait for a miscarriage or the death of their newborn because rules prohibit them from terminating their pregnancy after the 20th week.Dr Nikhil Datar, who fought for Niketa Mehta's abortion in 2008, said he sees at least three cases a year where the mother can't have an abortion despite her child suffering from lethal abnormalities. \"After we lost the case (Nikita's) in the Bombay high court in 2008, we filed a special leave petition in the Supreme Court. It is still pending,\" he said. \"Usually, women who find out about their baby's anomaly and are denied an abortion end up turning to quacks or other doctors. Not only are these women exploited for money, they also risk their lives by depending on quacks. Women should have a right to decide whether or not they want to bring their child into the world.\"Dr Arun Naik, secretary of Mumbai Obstetric and Gynaecological Society (MOGS), said about 2% of all newborns are born with lethal abnormalities. \"If the small abnormalities are included, this number would be as high as 5% of the total newborns,\" he said, adding, \"More anomalies can be picked up if women are allowed to have an abortion even after 20 weeks.\"\"Certain complications like cardiac anomalies can be detected only by the 24th week of pregnancy. Extending the 20-week abortion deadline will not affect the implementation of Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act as those who do not want a girl child will not wait till this late to abort,\" said Dr Naik.Pointing out that it is possible to find out the sex of an unborn child from the 14th to the 17th week of pregnancy, doctors said that 20-week abortion limit can also be misused.Dr Duru Shah from the ethics committee of the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics said, \"Some countries have a blanket provision to conduct an abortion even till the 36th week of pregnancy if the child suffers from lethal abnormalities. India must have special panels to review such cases and decide if a woman can abort after the 20th week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938202", "title": "Brangelina kids to act in Disney's Maleficent", "text": "Disney's 'Maleficent' has suddenly become a family affair, as three of Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's children will be cast in the flick, it has been revealed.Pax and Zahara are joining sister Vivienne in the 'Sleeping Beauty' spin toplined by mum Jolie, the Sun reported.According to Us magazine, the project marks the first onscreen roles for Pax, 8, and Zahara, 7, as well as for 4-year-old Vivienne.The offspring of Jolie and Pitt, follow in the footsteps of sibling Shiloh, who appeared as a baby in David Fincher's 'The Curious Case of Benjamin Button' alongside her father.Pax and Zahara's roles in 'Maleficent' will be non-speaking.Vivienne plays the toddler version of Elle Fanning's Princess Aurora, which will be a speaking role.The Robert Stromberg-helmed film, which is currently shooting, will be released in March 14, 2014. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16934089", "title": "Police announce traffic diversions for Dussehra", "text": "NOIDA: The traffic police have issued an advisory for Wednesday in view of the Dussehra celebrations to be held at the Noida Stadium in Sector 21A. Residents and visitors have been asked to avoid certain stretches as heavy traffic congestion is expected during the festivities. Police have chalked out alternate routes and diversions will be in place between 4pm and 11pm on October 24.As all the three Ramleelas being played out in the city will be travelling across one major arterial road and culminating their celebrations at the same venue, the roads in Noida are expected to get jammed. \"We have designed alternate routes for traffic for smooth traffic flow,\" said a senior traffic police officer. \"Designated parking sites at the Noida Stadium and at the Spice Mall as well as public transport from the Metro stations will be facilitated to avoid inconvenience to the public,\" he added.\"Vehicles will not be allowed to drive from the T-point of Sectors 12, 22 and 56 towards the Noida Stadium. The crossroads of Sectors 12 and 22 will also not allow any vehicles to travel through,\" said the official.The road leading from this crossing towards the Spice Mall, roads from the crossing of Sectors 10, 20 and 21, roads leading from the Metro hospital crossing and the NTPC crossroads will be no-entry zones.Commuters can use alternate routes to reach their destinations. Traffic coming from the T-point of Sectors 12, 22 and 56 can move towards the Nehru Yuva Kendra on towards the Metro hospital. The road towards the Gijode crossing towards the NTPC crossing on towards Nithari can also be used. Residents of Sectors 12 and 22 can use the Adobe crossing to commute, but there is likely to be a traffic jam here and the Spice Mall crossing, said cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16933577", "title": "Officials conduct trial run of \u2018Hamsavahanam\u2019", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The stage is set for the final lap of Sarannavarathri celebrations with the entire administration centered at organising Teppotsavam on Vijayadasami which falls on Wednesday. District collector Budha Prakash M Jyothi, city police commissioner N Madhusudan Reddy and temple executive officer N Raghunath conducted the trial run of 'Hamsavahanam' (riding on the specially decorated boat) on Tuesday after the boat got stuck in the middle of the waters during its first trial run on Monday.The collector directed the temple officials to lit firecrackers in the presence of fire services officials to avoid accidents. While separate generators have been set up to ensure lighting on the Hamsavahanam, the police commissioner asked the electricity engineers to take all care to avoid short circuit-related accidents during the ride.Expert swimmers and life jackets have also been prepared for meeting the emergencies. While select officials including the temple priests would be allowed into the Hamsavahanam, tourism boat Bodhisri has been readied for the travel of other VIPs such as MLAs. Meanwhile, police decided to stop all vehicular movement to the temple except the temple buses. CP Madhusudan Reddy said that the vehicles on national highway would also be restricted on the final day of festivities. He said that pilgrims would be allowed to go to the hilltop by using the temple run buses.Processional deities of the temple, Sri Durgamalleswara swamy, Sri Kanakadurgamma would be taken to Durga ghat in rally through Sivalayama, Gosala, Arjuna veedhi on Wednesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16935280", "title": "50 jailbirds may go free by Dec 19", "text": "PANAJI: There's good news for jailbirds. The state government is in the process of taking a decision to release a maximum of 50 prisoners in view of Goa's ongoing golden jubilee celebrations. Sources said some of the 400-plus sentence-serving inmates at Goa's two prisons-Aguada's central jail and Vasco's Sada sub-jail-could taste freedom on the state's 51th Liberation Day on December 19.The state government is in the process of asking the directorate of prisons to prepare a detailed list of prisoners who have reformed during the period of their sentence and who could be considered for release, sources told TOI. These prisoners' release would be considered on several criteria, including number of years of sentence served, their behavior in jail, type of crime committed etc.\"The proposal will be prepared by the inspector general of prisons and will be placed before the cabinet for approval,\" sources added.Former union law minister Ramakant Khalap said the government has the power to reduce prisoners' sentences as and when required. The practice is, in fact, common in many other parts of the country. \"Through administrative approval or cabinet decision the state government can release prisoners on certain occasions,\" said Khalap.The Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry (GCCI), which recently organized a workshop for prisoners likely to be released between three to six months, wants the government to inform it in advance how many prisoners are likely to be released. \"In case the government releases prisoners, Gis prepared to hold workshops to train the prisoners to prepare unit business plans, accounting etc,\" said GCCI president Manguirish Pai Raikar.Sources said other government departments will also be asked to send proposals of various development works to be undertaken in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16944126", "title": "Six held for looting rickshaw passengers", "text": "SURAT: Police arrested two gangs targeting only auto rickshaw passengers and operating in various parts of the city The accused have confessed to the crimes carried out in the last one month.Following information, police kept a watch in Mithi khadi locality of Limbayat area and spotted a suspected auto rickshaw GJ-5-AZ-2276. The rickshaw was stopped near Zamzam restaurant and the suspects were questioned by the police team. During questioning, they were not able to provide satisfactory reply after which they were taken to police station for further questioning.During detailed questioning, they informed police that they carried out three thefts in Mahidharpura police station area near Railway Station in the last one month. Police then arrested Mohammad Vajid alias Ajju Talwar Salim Ansari, resident of Bhestan area, Vasim alias Raja Goldan Firoz Pathan, Sadir alias Bava Ishak Shaikh, both residents of Limbayat, and Sharif Bahadur Pathan, a resident of Kamrunagar in Limbayat.The accused used to target auto rickshaw passengers and steal valuables while sitting in rickshaw with them as passenger. Police arrested two more rickshaw thieves from Udhna area following specific information.Police nabbed Saeed alias Chootu Safar Mallik, resident of Shastrinagar im Limbayat, and Ismail Babu Shaikh, resident of Bhathena while they were near Udhna main road near a mosque. During questioning they also admitted to theft in Umra police station area. Police are collecting details about more members of the gang.Members of both gangs told police that they used to move around in different areas in auto rickshaw as passengers and target passengers. By diverting attention of the passenger, they used to steal the valuables.\"The accused used to hire auto rickshaw and drive it in locations where passengers are easy to target. One of the gang members used to drive the auto while the two other sat in the back seat as passengers. Once one or two passenger boarded the auto, the two sitting behind used to start quarreling with each other or with driver to divert attention of the passenger. One of them used to steal valuables from the passengers. The victim could realise that he lost cash or valuables after getting down from the auto,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933730", "title": "Ornaments worth Rs 4.86L stolen in 4 house break-ins", "text": "PUNE: In separate incidents of house break-in thefts, gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 4.86 lakh were stolen from houses in Mundhwa and Vishrantwadi on Monday afternoon.Sandip Taware (32) of Orange Habitat society in Keshavangar, Mundhwa, has lodged a complaint with the Mundhwa police stating that some unidentified persons broke into his flat and decamped with cash, gold and silver ornaments, all worth Rs 2.21 lakh. The incident took place between 2pm and 6pm on Monday, when Taware had gone out. The suspects also broke into Taware's neighbouring flat and decamped with gold ornaments worth Rs 25,000, said Arun Ghodke, police sub-inspector with the Mundhwa police.Another burglary took place at Madhuban Classic society in Vishrantwadi between 12pm and 4.30pm. Complainant Tamal Bhaduri (37) was not at home when unidentified persons entered his flat by breaking the lock of the door. They also broke into the cupboard in the bedroom and decamped with gold ornaments worth Rs 1.15 lakh, police said.Suresh Sondkar (38) of Dattanagar in Dighi lodged a complaint with the Vishrantwadi police stating that unidentified persons broke into his flat when he was out on work and decamped with gold ornaments worth Rs 1.25 lakh. The incident took place between 9.45am and 2pm. The Vishrantwadi police are investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16935503", "title": "Winning themes celebrate culture, sport", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Delhi prepares to bid farewell to the goddess , the festive spirit lingers on . The past four days saw communities from all parts of the capital come together to celebrate Maa Durga's victory over evil .Durga Puja festivities this year coincide with renowned Bengali painter Jamini Roy's 125th birth anniversary , and organizers of the Milani Cultural and Welfare Association , Mayur Vihar , chose to pay tribute to him through their pandal .A majority of Jamini Roy's works , inspired by the Kalighat patachitra style of painting , have been replicated inside the pandal ; these include women figures with children , animals , excerpts from Ramayana , Mahabharata and many other mythological stories . Some of the paintings have been made on sara (earthen plates ) and the idol too has been depicted on a sara . The pandal is a replica of his residence at Beliatore in Bankura which has now been converted into a museum .\"It took us about a month to do the paintings . We chose this theme because even though Jamini Roy's paintings reflect the real spirit of rural Bengal , his birth anniversary has not been celebrated widely . We have tried to emulate his signature style of making large eyes that almost seem to come out of the frame on both human and animal figures ,\" said Aniruddha Sarkar , one of the artists , adding that it took six professional painters to make the pandal and idol. Organizers also said the pandal is one of two in the country that are dedicated to Jamini Roy , the other one being in Kolkata .The end result is a vibrant pandal that celebrates Bengali culture , and judges for TOI's best pandal contest , Durga Devi Namastute , awarded it the first prize after visiting 21 of the city's best pandals over Saptami and Ashtami . The judges - artist Sudip Roy and cartoonist Udayshankar - gave the second prize to Matri Mandir (Sarbojanin Durga Puja Samity ) in Safdarjung Enclave , and the third prize to Sarbojanin Puja Samiti in D Block, CR Park . The winner got a prize of Rs 1 lakh , first runner up Rs 31,000, and second runner up Rs 21,000.The Matri Mandir pandal has adopted a theme which is based on 2012 London Olympics ,and celebrates India's best-ever Olympic performance . At the entrance are models of the five winners with their medals , and inside are cutouts of Olympic sports and the five rings , and a mini version of Tower Bridge . The D block pandal themed theirs on the interiors of Bengal and Tripura , and used material like wicker , ice cream spoons , and eco friendly paints to decorate .Apart from naming the three best overall pandals , the contest also awarded the best zonal idols - Vasundhara Enclave Puja Samiti from east zone including Ghaziabad and Noida , Bangiya Parishad from Gurgaon , Paschim Vihar Bengali Association from west zone, Suraj Kund Bagiya Samaj from south zone including Faridabad , and Delhi Rohini Puja Samiti from north zone .Amid big and elaborate idols, the ones at Gurgaon stood out for their minimalism . Since the entire pandal was inspired by a village setting , the organizers said they wanted to extend that simplicity to the idols as well. On the contrary , the Surajkund idols stood out for the 3D effect they had created .The prize for the best green pandal went to Co-operative Ground Durga Puja Samity in CR Park , which was based on the primitive art of bamboo painting from Bankura . Organizers brought in artists from the region to paint men in turbans , and women figures on bamboo , who took about 25 days to complete . All the zonal idols winners , and the green pandal winner received a prize of Rs 11,000. Many smaller pandals recreated the warm atmosphere of a home puja (barir pujo ) and had traditional idols in Ek chala with sholar saaj (thermocol decoration ) and daker saaj (silver foil decoration ).There is, however , more to Durga Puja than the beautifully decorated pandals , and like any festival , it is incomplete without food. Apart from the bhog offered at pandals , they all had a separate area where many food chains set up their stalls - Mughlai dishes like biryani, tikkas, and kebabs; mutton , chicken , paneer , and egg kathi rolls ; sweets like kulfi and kala khatta; pakodas and fish cutlets; and even simpler fare like dal and chholey could be found at the pandals . People were seen eating phuchkas (golgappas), jhalmuri (puffed rice ) and gorging on traditional Bengali sweets like rosogolla and sandesh.Adding to the festivities were cultural programmes , competitions for children , and games like charades and antakshari .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16935506", "title": "Crackdown checks chaos on NH-22", "text": "MOHALI: After the police crackdown on illegally parked vehicles on National Highway-22, which connects Zirakpur with Ambala, commuters enjoyed a smooth ride on the stretch on Tuesday.Raghu Sharma of Ambala, who daily uses the stretch, said, \"The wrongly parked vehicles outside hotels, malls and big outlets often block our way, causing massive traffic jams. After cops cracked the whip on violators, the stretch offered a hassle-free drive.\"While some heaved a sigh of relief, others said parking space at most of the places was limited. Manoj Middha, managing member of a mall in Zirakpur, said, \"With festival season on, parking lots of most of the malls and hotels are packed to capacity all through the day. Those who do not find a space to park, station their cars on both the sides of the highway.\"\"The problem might resurface in the coming days, especially on Dussehra and Diwali,\" Sudhir Singla, owner of an eating joint on the highway, said.The district traffic police said, \"A day before, we booked 58 persons only after our repeated requests to not park vehicles on highway fell on deaf ears.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16935271", "title": "Bollywood numbers pep up dandiya shows in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: This Navratri, the city is dancing to Bollywood tunes as traditional dandiya songs give way to a heady mix of peppy numbers and Indian instrumental.A number of city hotels have arranged for dandiya nights. While DJs take care of the music mix, professional dance troupes help amateurs tap their feet to the rhythm of the sticks.Street Guys, a Kolkata-based DJ group, composed a music mix for dandiya that offered chosen Bollywood songs for both amateurs and professionals. \"There were selected Bollywood songs, which helped dancers get the right moves. Although Bollywood numbers are set, they don't distort the dandiya dance form,\" said Mansi Mishra, who anchored a dandiya show.According to Mishra, the original garba steps are difficult. Also, dandiya songs are slow and one song goes on for two hours. This makes it difficult for first-time dandiya dancers to keep up with the beat. \"Unless a practiced dancer, no one can dance continuously for two hours following one rhythm,\" said Mishra.Bollywood songs, on the contrary, are popular and make it easier for participants to get into the groove.Young people, dressed in ethnicwear, thronged the dance floors of hotels, which were charging reasonable prices for the events. The price paid for a dandiya night ranged between Rs 250 per couple and Rs 1,250, which included food. Some have also organized competitions and prizes were given every night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16933824", "title": "Audio-visual treat awaits Gurgaonites", "text": "GURGAON: Come November and the people of Gurgaon will get to hear quality music and see dance-drama performances. For three days, starting from November 2, Gurgaon Utsav will offer audio and visual treat to the art lovers in the blissful surroundings at the Biodiversity Park where nature and the performing arts complement each other.\"The city always wanted its own cultural space. And it came in the form of amphitheatre - the venue for Gurgaon Utsav - nestled amidst the beautiful Aravalis. After the first edition of Gurgaon Festival in March this year, this edition will be more enchanting,\" says Uma Prakash, co-founder, ARTS.Speaking about the line-up of events, she says, \"Women on Record, a multimedia performance by music artist, Vidya Shah, celebrates the contributions of women singers in the Gramophone era in early 20th Century India and Face to Face (a dance drama by Jyotsna Shourie) brings two iconic women from Hindu mythology - Draupadi, the multi-faceted beauty and Sita, the embodiment of loyalty and courage - on the same stage for the first time\"The dance-drama performance attempts to highlight the parallel lives of these two influential women and illustrate how their actions determined the fate of generations to follow. While Jyotsna Shourie has taken the poetic licence to place Draupadi and Sita together to merge the two epics, Mahabharata and Ramayana, Vidya Shah uses photography and videography to explore the world of performance and technology.\"It will be a great opportunity for the art lovers, who will get to know more about music and dance drama. Not to miss, the festival will also feature the famous play, 'Chinese Coffee', by Danish Husain featuring Aamir Bashir and Danish Husain,\" she added.Though 'Chinese Coffee', a one-act play that deals with two friends and failed artists, has been staged in the past but organizers believe that the jealousy-love story will again draw the audience.We are hopeful that Gurgaon Utsav, the initiative of ARTS supported by the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon, has something to offer to audience of all age groups and they will make it a great success, said Uma Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937663", "title": "Manjari Chaturvedi performs in Lucknow", "text": "Manjari Chaturvedi, who was in Lucknow recently to perform at a kathak festival, revealed she had greater plans for the lost art from Lucknow.\"For any art like mine to survive, it's important to preserve the legacy that great musicians have left behind, and you know it's almost scary that most of the renditions that have been passed down for ages among musicians are not recorded. They simply have no written record! So now, if my chief musician Noorul bhai forgets a piece, I have no source that I can refer to for future work. Which is precisely why I am thinking of establishing an Institute of Qawwals right here in UP somewhere.We have had great qawwals from places like Barabanki, Lucknow, Badayun, Rampur, Kakori, Sitapur Agra and Bareilly. We need to preserve their work. What I am planning will not just be a place of learning. I want it to be an archive, a place where people can come for research work and sch. That is how the popularity of Qawwali will increase.\". We need to preserve their work. What I'm planning will not just be a place of learning. I want it to be an archive, a place where people can come for research work and such.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16934248", "title": "Couple who has two daughters, abandons third", "text": "YAVATMAL: A 10-day-old girl child was found lying in the bushes on Yavatmal Government Medical College premises on Monday evening. The child was admitted to paediatric ward of the hospital later. After a hectic search the mother of the child was traced.During investigation it came to fore that the newborn is the third girl child of Kavita and Punjabrao Khandve who hail from Ramgaon in Digras. Punjabrao Khandve is a veterinary doctor.\"The couple has two daughters aged four and two years. This is their third girl child. The woman behaved as if she is a mentally challenged,\" police said, adding, \"But we are probing from all angles.\"Earlier, GMC medical superintendent Dr Kishor Ingole said that a youth heard the scream of a child in the bushes and alerted the people. District chief of Vidyarthi Sena Santosh Dhawle rushed to the spot and got the child admitted. The girl is hale and hearty.Dr Ingole said, \"The cloth in which the child was wrapped showed that it belonged to Digras-based Dr Shyam Jadhav's private maternity home.\"Speaking to TOI, Dr Jadhav said, \"Kavita gave birth to the girl on October 13 in my hospital. After five days, she was discharged as the health of the baby and the mother was good.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939566", "title": "Esha Gupta wanted cameo credit in Chakravyuh", "text": "Actor Esha Gupta had always admired Prakash Jha as a filmmaker, even before she started working in films. the actress did Chakravyuh just for the experience of working with Prakash Jha film.A close friend of the actress confirms, \"Esha Gupta really admires Prakash Jha. She loves the way he creates a world and she wanted to be apart of the same. Coming from Prakash Jha, she knew that the film is going to be hard hitting one and she did not want to miss such a brilliant opportunity of working in it\".Her role might not be a central character in the film but length was never an issue. \"In fact at one stage Esha Gupta felt that she should get a special appearance credit instead of main credit with Abhay Deol, Manoj Bajpai and Arjun Rampal\".Before Chakravyuh, Esha Gupta has done two films - Jannat 2 and Raaz 3 and both have had record openings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16933960", "title": "No provision for platelets to dengue patients in hospital", "text": "GURGAON: Even as there is a provision to make available platelets to dengue patients at the Civil Hospital, this is not being done at the hospital and patients are being referred to Delhi's Safdarjung Hospital.A government guideline states that the Civil Hospital will bear the cost of providing platelets to dengue patients in the BPL category and to pregnant women admitted at the hospital. In other words, these patients would be given free platelet treatment.However, doctors shying away from their duties are not doing so and referring all these patients to Safdarjung Hospital. From October 10 to 22, a total of 22 patients having dengue-like symptoms were referred to Delhi.A collaboration is already in place with Paras, Umkal, Artemis, Medanta and Alchemist hospitals. \"During a meeting in this regard, all of them have agreed to provide platelets on demand, while the cost will be borne by the government. It was also decided that the Civil Hospital would pay them on a fortnightly or monthly basis,\" said Dr Asaruddin, principal medical officer (PMO), Civil Hospital.Besides BPL patients, doctors may also get the platelets for general category dengue patients admitted at the Civil Hospital from the list of pre-decided hospitals. In this case, the patient will bear the cost of buying it at the market rate. A unit of platelets costs between Rs 12,000 and Rs 15,000 in private hospitals.Accordingly, letters were circulated in August this year to the Civil Hospital doctors as well as to the hospitals concerned informing them about the provisions and the rate list.Doctors were also given the names and contact details of the officials concerned in private hospitals so that they do not face any inconvenience.When asked about the number of platelet units have been sought this year, Dr Asaruddin said that he had not received any such request for any BPL patient or pregnant women so far.Sources said apart from doctors' laxity, patients, knowing that it has to be arranged from outside, are not taking any chances and prefer to get admitted to other hospitals or referred to Delhi. There is no plasma separator available at the Civil Hospital and in this scenario they are dependent on private hospitals for platelets.Meanwhile, 40 new cases of dengue were confirmed on Tuesday by the district health department, taking the official figure for this year to 264. Sources said 35-40 new cases are reported on a daily basis at private hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933716", "title": "Dasara: Puneites set to celebrate the festival", "text": "PUNE: People of Pune will ring in Dasara with heaps of saffron marigold, leaves of 'Apta' tree, sumptuous sweets and goodwill on Wednesday.For event manager Sanaya Poonawalla, Dasara is a day that takes her back in time, to some of the most cherished moments of her childhood.\"My father was a hunter who had a host of hunting tools and equipment which he would worship on Dasara. Our tracker would lay these out on the porch and we would then apply 'haldi-kumkum' on each tool and perform a puja ceremony. Dasara takes me back to the old days and is thus a special day for me, though I am a Parsee,\" she said. Poonawalla adds she would purchase kitchen appliances and gold this Dasara as doing so on this day is considered auspicious.Businessman Amol Damle wants this Dasara to be special, as it is only recently that he became a father. \"This is my daughter's first Dasara. We will wake up at 6am and perform a puja, apart from rituals such as decking the entrances with marigold garlands. We would also worship the vehicles in our house by making offerings of flowers and 'kumkum'. Similar rituals will ensue in office, followed by a grand get-together with relatives and family members in the evening, when all of us will exchange Apta tree leaves,\" Damle says.He adds that since gold prices have surged in the recent past, he would spend little on the white metal this year. \"I would, however, purchase a silver anklet for my daughter,\" he says.Arun Jugadar, a city-based feng shui consultant, is planning to buy an LCD television this Dasara. \"Dasara is one of the three-and-a-half days in the Hindu Lunar calendar which are considered very auspicious. Hence, we would celebrate by buying new equipment and heading out for dinner to a good restaurant,\" says Jugadar.Jai Sharma, a city-based event manager, says that for his family, Dasara brings in another round of celebrations after Navaratra.\"This day marks the end of Durga Puja. After nine days of fasting and puja ceremonies, we conclude Navaratra with 'havan'. Dasara comes the very next day and is considered auspicious. We visit our relatives and friends and exchange 'apta' leaves. As traditional practice, apta leaves that represent gold are exchanged by people. The day comes to a close with the exchange of sweets and gifts.\"\"We also decorate the house with lights and flowers, apart from buying new furniture and clothes,\" says Sharma, who recently went back to Amravati to celebrate Dasara with his family.Akshay Lalwani, a disc jockey, too, has his day planned for Dasara. \"Though I would not be buying anything on the day, I would certainly perform the customary Dasara puja at home and wish my friends a bright and prosperous future,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16941192", "title": "Next-generation vaccines may eliminate pain of injection", "text": "WASHINGTON: New vaccines being developed by scientists from the School of Biological Sciences at Royal Holloway may eliminate the need for needles as they can be delivered via a nasal spray, or as on oral liquid or capsule.Lead scientist Professor Simon Cutting, from the School of Biological Sciences at Royal Holloway, has developed the jabs through the use of probiotic spores.He carried out fundamental studies into the biology of the bacterium Bacillus subtilis that attracted the attention of microbiologists due to its ability to form spores that can last millions of years before germinating under the appropriate environmental conditions.\"The mechanisms by which this process occurs have fascinated microbiologists for decades making it one of the most intensively studied bacteria. Its simple life cycle and ease of use make it an ideal laboratory subject,\" Professor Cutting said.Professor Cutting discovered that the Bacillus spores act as ideal vehicles to carry antigens and promote an immune response.\"Rather than requiring needle delivery, vaccines based on Bacillus spores can be delivered via a nasal spray, or as on oral liquid or capsule. Alternatively they can be administered via a small soluble film placed under the tongue, in a similar way to modern breath freshners,\" he explained.He added that, as spores are exceptionally stable, vaccines based on Bacillus do not require cold-chain storage alleviating a further issue with current vaccine approaches.As well as eliminating the pain associated with needles, oral vaccines provide greater benefits including being safer to administer, especially in developing countries where HIV is rife, being inexpensive to produce and easier to store and reducing concerns of adverse reactions.Professor Cutting has carried out pre-clinical evaluation of Bacillus-based vaccines for a number of diseases including Tuberculosis , influenza and tetanus but most recently he has been investigating the potential for use of the vaccines against a disease of particular relevance to the West - Clostridium difficile.\"C. difficile, is a gastrointenstinal infection that is commonly picked up following hospital stays and causes around 50,000 infections and 4,000 deaths per year in the UK, mostly in elderly patients. Currently, there is no vaccine against the disease, and although several approaches are currently undergoing clinical trials, none are expected to provide full protection, and new solutions are urgently needed,\" said Professor Cutting.\"Bacillus based vaccines offer distinct advantages as unlike other approaches, oral delivery can cause a more specific immune response in the gastrointenstinal tract to fully eliminate C.difficile,\" he added.Professor Cutting has recently received private seed investment to form a company, Holloway Immunology, to develop the bacillus vaccine technology and concentrate on three lead vaccines for Tuberculosis, C. difficile infection and influenza (flu).The company is currently looking for investors to help fast track the implementation of these jabs and contribute to the transformation of vaccine delivery around the globe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16939922", "title": "Airtel, Infosys, TCS among most in-demand employers: LinkedIn", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six major Indian companies, including Bharti Airtel, Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services, have made the cut in list of 20 'Most In Demand Employers' compiled by professional network LinkedIn.Besides, Wipro Technologies, HCL Technologies and Mahindra Satyam have also found a place in the list, which is topped by Accenture.The professional network said in India, telecom player Bharti Airtel is the seventh most sought-after company among professionals on LinkedIn.This was followed by Infosys at eighth spot and Tata Consultancy Services at the ninth place.Wipro Technologies was 11th, followed by HCL Technologies 13th and Mahindra Satyam 14th.LinkedIn analysed a large number of companies and published the list among its 175 million members.\"The three companies of Indian origin that feature in the top 10 list of most InDemand employers... are testimony to the increased importance of developing and maintaining employer brand by Indian corporates,\" it said.Among others in the top five are Hewlett Packard, Oracle, IBM and Microsoft.Cognizant Technology Solutions , Vodafone, Deloitte , Amazon, Adobe, Cisco are the others featuring in the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933887", "title": "Army brass wasted Rs 100cr: Audit", "text": "NEW DELHI: A recent audit of the special financial powers enjoyed by chiefs of the six Army commands has found a over-Rs 100 crore loss to the exchequer between 2009 and 2011. Among decisions that resulted in losses were those approved by Army chief General Bikram Singh and his predecessor Gen V K Singh when they were heading the Kolkata-based Eastern Command.The report recommended to the government that it should not consider enhancing the delegated powers of these senior Lieutenant Generals. \"The whole system of delegated powers available to Army commanders needs to be reviewed in the light of our findings and recommendations, before initiating any further action in the matter,\" the report by the Indian Defence Accounts Service said.An Army spokesperson rubbished the findings, saying they were \"inaccurate, unsubstantiated and speculative\". In a statement, he said, \"All procurements from Army Commanders Special Financial Powers (ACSFP) are done through well laid out and time-tested procedures. All procurements of items from Army Commanders Special Financial Powers are vetted and concurred by Integrated Financial Advisors (IFA).\"The audit covered many purchases approved by the General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the six Army commands between 2009 and 2011. The audit was done in 55 cases, and it assessed total financial loss of Rs 103.11 crore.Under ACSFP, the chief of Northern Command can approve up to Rs 100 crore of purchases annually, and also has an additional Rs 25 crore budget for Rashtriya Rifles battalions. The Eastern Army Command chief has a limit of Rs 50 crore. Chiefs of other commands \u2014 central, south, southwest, west and training \u2014 have a ceiling of Rs 10 crore per annum.\"It has been observed that keeping in view the restrictive regime in which ACSFP is to be used, the budgetary allocations are much in excess of what Army commanders can actually project and spend,\" the audit said.Procurement of milk in northern command alone resulted in loss of Rs 94 crore. The audit found that tetra pack milk, which costs Rs 12-15 extra per litre and is required during winter months, was purchased far in excess of requirement.In case of signals equipment, the audit raised fears of Chinese equipment being bought under these emergency provisions. \"In many such cases, it is also observed that make, model and name of the foreign OEM vendor has not been disclosed by the Indian agency which raises the apprehension that the stores have actually been purchased from the grey market , perhaps of Chinese stores... If so, this would be a major security risk apart from being a serious financial irregularity involving violation of various laws of the country,\" the audit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "barpeta", "code": "16942231", "title": "Barpeta deputy commissioner assaulted for stopping illegal petrol sale", "text": "BARPETA: The deputy commissioner of lower Assam's Barpeta district was today assaulted by a group of people selling petrol illegally when he tried to stop them, official sources said.Deputy commissioner Siddharth Singh was on way to Majdia town from the district headquarters in Barpeta when the incident took place, the sources said.The DC stopped his convoy after noticing some people selling petrol near the road and told them to stop the illegal activity. Soon a group of locals gathered at the spot and a scuffle ensued, they said.Singh suffered minor injuries during the incident while one of his bodyguards was also injured, sources said.One person has been arrested in this connection, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16934016", "title": "Last man held in orphan abuse case sent in custody", "text": "GURGAON: Sombeer alias Sonu, arrested on Monday night in connection with the case of rape and abuse of minor orphans in \"Suparaana Ka Angan\", was produced in a city court on Tuesday and sent in 14 days' judicial custody.A senior police officer said police would file a supplementary chargesheet against Sombeer alias Sonu in addition to the chargesheet they had filed against the three main accused.The accused was working as a driver with the Suparna Sethi, the director of NGO and a co-accused in the case. He was still at large for all these days after the disclosure of the rape and abuse in the orphanage. During the investigation the name of Sombeer alias Sonu was also revealed by an accused, but he was on the run and a police team was constantly on the lookout for him.Late on Monday night, police arrested the accused in Wazirabad village. Someone saw him in the village and informed police, who in turn nabbed him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934369", "title": "Shot in arm for Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link as project gets environment ministry's nod", "text": "MUMBAI: The proposed 22-km-long Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link (MTHL) between Sewri and Nhava received a boost on Tuesday.A fresh environmental clearance sought by MMRDA has reportedly been approved by the ministry of environment and forests.Sources said the clearance letter would be put up on the Union environment ministry's website on Thursday.Meanwhile, MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said his office had not received a detailed communication regarding the matter though he confirmed that they had moved such an application to the ministry a few months ago.The earlier environmental clearance had lapsed due to the delay in the bidding process which has now prolonged its construction work. When MMRDA later moved an application for renewal of the clearance, the green tribunal asked for a fresh application.Accordingly, sources said a fresh application was made by the state administration and the decision was awaited. Environment activists had objected, pointing out there was no public hearing for the fresh application and that the sea link was not allowed as per the new CRZ notification of 2011. They had also claimed that the sea link would damage a huge mudflat and mangrove tract towards Sewri and Nhava which is a habitat for migratory birds like flamingos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16934951", "title": "Plans ready for eco-friendly immersion of Durga idols", "text": "INDORE: Buoyed by the successful implementation of project regarding eco-friendly immersion of Ganpati idols, Indore Municipal Corporation has now come up with a plan for eco-friendly immersion of Goddess Durga idols. Preparations are being made for the immersion of idols at civic body head office, all the zonal offices, Krishnapura Chhatri, all important crossings of the city, Sirpur Lake, Bilwali Lake, Limbodi Lake and Yeshwant Sagar lake. People can carry out symbolic immersion at the given places till 10 am on Wednesday.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said that at all the designated places, a platform has been made with small symbolic water tank, wherein people can perform puja to carry out symbolic immersion and then leave the idol there. Thereafter, civic body will collect all the idols for mass immersion at Jawahar Tekadi.To prevent people from direct immersion in lakes around the city, IMC has made arrangements for symbolic immersion on the banks of every lake around city and arrangements have been made to prevent people from immersing idol directly into lake water.Moghe said that they had collected around 40 trucks of Ganpati idols which were later immersed at Jawahar Tekadi with proper religious process. This way they have managed to keep a check on pollution of water bodies. Now they want to repeat the same this time too.Civic body urged the citizens not to immerse idols in water bodies and help in preventing water bodies getting polluted. It has also urged the people to take off all the decorative items, garlands, plastic materials, cloths and other puja material from the idols before immersion.\"Puja materials, plastics and food items will be immersed separately in an eco-friendly way,\" said civic officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16935482", "title": "Copy of FIR sent to UT adviser", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The CBI apprised the Chandigarh administration of the arrest of SP (city) Desh Raj Singh, a 2008 batch IPS officer, by sending a copy of detailed FIR to the office of UT adviser on Tuesday.The special CBI court has instructed the agency to hand over a copy of transcript of conversation between Desh Raj and complainant SHO Anokh Singh to the defence counsel.Meanwhile, Desh Raj's elder brother and sister met him in Model Burail Jail. Sources said, \"He met his brother and sister at the official residence of a jail official on the prison premises.\"Desh Raj was arrested for reportedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh from Anokh Singh on October 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934654", "title": "Noise adds to Mumbai\u2019s health hazards: Activists", "text": "MUMBAI: In a stressed city, rising noise levels add to the list of health hazards, say activists. The World Health Organization defines health as a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being and not just the absence of disease or infirmity. Therefore, high levels of annoyance caused by environmental noise should be considered as environmental health burden, activists propose.Anil Bhatia, honorary secretary, Marine Drive Residents' Association and Marine Drive Council, said a 20-year struggle finally put a stop to noise from events at at the Mumbai Hockey Association ground at Churchgate.\"Noise from year-round festivals vitiate a locality's peace. If the high court wants to allow an increase in decibel levels, it must set guidelines on the instruments to be played,\" he said.Sumaira Abdulali, convener, Awaaz Foundation, said festivals have become increasingly noisy. \"Noise is secular. It attacks people of every community and leaves them helpless to suffer its ill-effects, including hearing loss, high blood pressure, mental stress, heart disease and others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16939428", "title": "Nine member gang of dacoits held.", "text": "PUNE: The Dehu road police have claimed to have detected a dacoity at a company in Talawade following the arrest of a gang of nine suspects.The police have recovered material worth Rs 6 lakh from the suspects.The suspects have been identified as Taukik Chaudhari, Mohammed Nuri, Deepak Sharma, Sadiq Wajdiali, Abdul Karim, Ramchandra Gupta, Harichandra Gupta, Rahmad Chaudhari and Avinash Shinde all from Kudalwadi in Chikhali.Senior police inspector of the Dehu road police station Ram Jadhav told TOI that the gang had threatened the security guards of the company with sharp weapons and looted iron material worth Rs 6 lakh.The suspects had used a tempo to shift the booty from the company.The security guard informed the owner about the incident. The owner immediately alerted the police, Jadhav said.He said that the police launched a massive search operation to trace the suspects. We also got the detail information about the vehicles used by the suspects, Jadhav said.Jadhav said that during the search, the police traced the vehicle at Chikhali and nabbed the nine suspects. We have recovered all the booty from the gang, he said.Jadhav said that the police are now investigating whether the gang was involved in more such crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16940874", "title": "Nischal, Kumar steer Karnataka to big win over Tamil Nadu", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka rode on D Nischal's 142-ball 102 (10x4) and Kranthi Kumar's four for 21 to down Tamil Nadu by 68 runs and gain a bonus point in a Vinno Mankad Under-19 (South Zone) limited overs league match on Tuesday.TN, electing to bowl first at the Chinnaswamy Stadium, were made to rue the decision as Nischal anchored Karnataka to a handsome 259 for 9 in the allotted 50 overs.Then with Kumar finding good support from Prateek Jain (2-57) and Shreyas Gopal (2-20), the Karnataka bowlers dismissed TN for 191 to take home five points even as TN ended with a negative point.Brief scores: At Chinnaswamy Stadium: Karnataka: 259/9 in 50 overs (Nischal D 102, Anurag Bajpai 30; Aswin Crist 2-66, Vignesh Kanna 2-57) bt Tamil Nadu: 191 all out in 47.1 overs (Bharath Shankar K 46, Shikhar Hukku 36, Selva S 32; Prateek Jain 2-57, Kranthi Kumar 4-21, Shreyas Gopal 2-20).At BGS: Kerala: 213/9 in 50 overs (Ajay Kumar A 34, Sanju Vishwanath 27, NB Vishnu 60, FF Ahmad 41; CH Sneha Kishore 3-52, D Naren Reddy 3-34) lost to Andhra: 189/5 in 46 overs (Kona Bharath 49, K Karan Shindhe 52 n.o., G Shyamsundar 29; S Sivaraj 3-37). Kerala won by five runs on VJD method.At Aditya Global Academy: Hyderabad: 379/6 in 50 overs (Rahul Singh 158, Abhishek Ashok 50, KSK Chaitanya 49 n.o.; Sagar Naik 3-86, Yogesh Bare 3-68) bt Goa: 204/6 in 50 overs (Mukund Bandokar 51, Srinivas Fadte 35; Tanmay Agarwal 2-18).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16934439", "title": "Captain of ports starts issuing NOCs for water sports", "text": "PANAJI: The Captain of ports began issuing its NOCs to water sports operators on Tuesday bringing much relief to the water sports sector.Water sports operators said that almost 25% of the NOCs were given out on Tuesday, while the National institute of water sports (NIWS) also inspected boats used for parasailing activity.\"The NIWS issues its NOC only after the operator procures an NOC from the captain of ports. The NIWS has already began inspecting boats so if that process is over, it will help expedite in getting the permissions faster. We are already a month behind schedule in conducting our business,\" said Paul Silveira, president, Water sports association de Goa.The next step for operators is now to obtain a NOC from the fisheries department and finally a trade registration licence from the tourism department.When contacted, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar said, \"The tourism department has also begun giving permission to water sports operators. It all depends on them now, regarding when they want to start water sports activities.\"TOI reported on Tuesday that thousands of Indian tourists who have come with their families for the Dussehra holiday period, were disappointed as they missed out on water sports activities. Water sports operators, too, claimed that they have suffered losses over the last one month. Normally, water sports activities commence around the end of September. The delay in issuing permission this year also saw a few operators undertaking the business illegally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16934578", "title": "Jodphur, where Ravana stands tall", "text": "JODHPUR: Effigies of Ravana will be burnt on Dussehra all across the country, but in one corner of the city here, the mythological demon king will be meted out all respect and reverence by a group of persons claiming to be his descendants. Here, Ravana is worshipped everyday with all splendour in a temple constructed by these \"descendants\".As the legend goes, Ravana was married to Mandodari, daughter of the king of Mandawar, known as Mandor now, a picturesque garden some 11 km from Jodhpur city. The kingdom was situated on the bank of the mythological river Saraswati then. According to Ajay Dave, a priest at the temple, some of Ravana's relatives stayed back after the wedding here.\"They always considered him a sublime, benevolent and mighty soul and revered him. This practice continued here with their stay,\" Dave said.He said earlier all of the descendants used to worship the demon king at their homes but in 2008, they constructed a temple and installed a statue of Ravana. This six-and-half feet statue made of Jodhpur sandstone cost Rs 1.5 lakh. Since then, Ravana is worshiped twice everyday in the temple.On the day of Dussehra, when the entire nation mark the day as the victory of good over evil, (with Ravana symbolizing the evil), these \"descendants\" from Dave Godha clan mourn never go to watch him burn. \"We wait until the effigy is completely burnt and we all take bath in our respective homes, dress ourselves in washed cloths, assemble in the temple and offer special prayer to him with flowers, sweets (prasad) amidst religious chanting invoking the Ravana.Some of them also collect some of the unburned parts of the Ravana effigy and prepared a fresh effigy on their own quickly and burnt it with due respect and with all customs. They claimed leaving unburned parts is showing disrespect to Ravana.Interestingly, the \"descendants\" of Ravana regard him as a scholarly person of his times regardless of his act of kidnapping of Sita, which led to his killing by lord Rama. Ajay said when the entire world knows him as a demon or evil, \"we respect him for his virtues\".\"He was a glorious and dignified king of Lanka, who had earned the blessings of lord Shiva. He was a great scholar of his times, who had a vast knowledge of Vedas and Puranas,\" Dave added. A temple of the Maa Kharanana, revered by Ravana himself and referred as his Kuldevi of his clan, also stands atop a small hill in Mandor, where a regular prayer is also held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16934799", "title": "Bhagnani keen on setting up film studio", "text": "BHOPAL: Famous film producer Vasu Bhagnani called on chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan here on Tuesday. Bhagnani proposed to establish a state-of-the-art film studio in the state, a government release said.Chouhan assured to consider Bhagnani's proposal seriously. He said there are immense possibilities of film studio in Madhya Pradesh. A number of films have already been shot in Bhopal.Bhagnani urged to make available land for film studio construction at Indore and Bhopal. He said he plans to construct such a studio where ten films can be short simultaneously. A sum of Rs 500 crore will be invested in studio construction in the first phase. It will generate employment opportunities directly and indirectly, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16935967", "title": "BJP demands SIT to probe money laundering charges against Virbhadra Singh", "text": "SHIMLA: Congress's pick for the chief ministership of Himachal Pradesh , Virbhadra Singh, got further embroiled in corruption charges with rival BJP producing what it called evidence of the disproportionate assets allegedly amassed by the veteran leader.Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley demanded a special investigation team (SIT) to probe allegations of money laundering against Singh, saying the man who is leading the Congress into the elections on November 4 has \"created a money trail, whereby unaccounted cash has found its way into ghost bank accounts only to be used later to buy LIC policies to benefit Singh and his family members\". \"It is a water tight and open-and-shut case of corruption and forgery,\" Jaitley said.Basing his charge on documents - like bank statements, LIC policy papers, income tax returns and agreements Singh signed for the management of his apple orchard -- Jaitley referred to an account that Anand Chauhan, an LIC agent who is a resident of Shimla , opened with a branch of the Punjab National Bank in the city. He said over Rs 5 crore was deposited between 2008-2011 into the account from which Chauhan paid premiums for LIC polices taken out by Virbhadra Singh, his wife Pratibha and their two children.\"The unanswered question is why did Shri Anand Chauhan pay the premiums on behalf of Shri Virbhadra Singh and his family members? How does a mere LIC agent get crores of rupees in cash to be deposited in his bank account,\" Jaitley asked.Jaitley said the same question also engaged the attention of the income tax department which asked Chauhan about the source of the huge deposit in his PNB account, which alerted Chauhan and Singh to forge documents in order to pass off the money as the Congress veteran's income from his apple orchard.In his income tax returns for 2007-2008, 2008-2009 and 2009-2010, Singh had shown his \"agricultural income\" -- income from his orchard -- as Rs 11.5 lakh, Rs 15 lakh and Rs 25 lakh respectively. Jaitley said since the agricultural income could not have explained the deposit in the account of Chauhan from which he paid premiums for LIC policies, Singh allegedly resorted to forgery to inflate the income from his orchard retrospectively.\"Caught red handed, Shri Virbhadra Singh and Shri Anand Chauhan entered into a backdated agreement, and dated the same as June 15, 2008. Under the agreement, Anand Chauhan is to manage the orchard of Raja Virbhadra Singh, keep the entire proceeds in a bank and pay the same towards LIC polices,\" Jaitley alleged.Singh then filed for revision of his I-T returns for the three years, saying his agricultural income for the three years were actually Rs 2.21 crore, Rs 2.80 crore and Rs 1.55 crore respectively.To back up his allegation of forgery, Jaitley said Singh had signed an agreement with one Bishambhar Das on June 17, 2008 for the management of the same orchard for the same period. \"How can there be another agreement dated June 15, 2008 for the management of the same land and for the same period. Obviously, one has to be ante dated,\" he said.Jaitley also asked how there could be a thousand per cent jump in Singh's income from the same orchard when the number of apple trees remained the same - 3,200.Jaitley also recalled that search conducted in 2010 by the I-T department on the premises of a Mumbai-based steel company had revealed payments worth Rs 2.28 crore to one VBS. Although Singh had held charge of the steel ministry, he strongly refuted the insinuation that VBS were the initials for Virbhadra Singh. \"I write only VS,\" he had said when the I-T documents suddenly surfaced.But Jaitley seemed to suggest that the payment to VBS and the money in Chauhan's account could be linked. \"The money trail - unaccounted money finding its way into ghost accounts, which was used to buy LIC policies, making VBS and his family members the beneficiaries - is now clear,\" he said.Saying that he did not expect the CBI to probe the matter, Jaitley demanded an SIT comprising three best police officers. \"Black money was turned into white through money laundering. It's a water tight and open-and-shut case. And, it's not merely a taxation issue, it's an issue of corruption,\" he said.Jaitley also sought to embarrass Congress chief Sonia Gandhi. \"If Sonia knew this, she wouldn't have shared the dais with Virbhadra Singh in Mandi on Monday. But if she knew and yet shared the dais, she should stop sermonizing on corruption,\" he said.\"Everybody must be clean but those who claim to have a lineage must be demonstrably cleaner than others,\" Jaitley said, referring to Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933939", "title": "Hoax hijack call to secure Ajmal Kasab's release came from Gujarat", "text": "MUMBAI: The person who made a hoax hijack call and delayed a Jet Airways flight on Monday, has been traced to a city in Gujarat . Cops said they have tracked the number and traced it to Gujarat. Further investigations are on.A caller, who identified himself as Vikas Yadav, had called the airline's call centre on Monday and said its Mumbai-Bangalore flight would be hijacked to secure 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab's release.\"We have identified the caller. His name is not Vikas Yadav, as he had claimed,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939598", "title": "Rikshawala I Love You breaks all box office record", "text": "Dinesh Lal Yadav and Pakhi Hegde starrer 'Rikshawala I Love You' is making waves at the box office. After the first three days of the movie being released it has been revealed that movie has made a huge profit. The film has made a profit of one lakh thirty five thousand which has beaten the record made by Pravesh Lal Yadav's 'Hero'.Produced by Bittu Sardar and directed by Ajay Shrivastava, Rikshawala's business was boosted by the three day puja holidays too. It is also expected that the film will also be the first movie to make such huge profit in a week after its release.Source: http://bhojpuriyacinema.com/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16935041", "title": "2 bodies found in separate incidents in Bahraich", "text": "BAHRAICH: Two bodies were recovered in separate incidents reported in the district. In another incident, body of a woman, allegedly killed for dowry, was exhumed by police for further investigation.The police said body of a youth was found in a pond near Mustafabad health centre in Jarwal Road police station. The deceased was identified as Mohd Rafiq. There were many injury marks on the body and the police suspect Rafiq was murdered. The body was later sent for postmortem. In another incident, body of another person, identified as Ajmer Ali resident of Piprimafi village in Khairighat, was found in a pond outside the village. Ajmer's father Shahadat said his son suffered from epilepsy and might have slipped into the pond and drowned. The body was handed over to the family after postmortem.The body of a woman allegedly killed by her husband and in-laws for dowry, was exhumed by the police in Sitkahna village of Risia police station. The woman was killed about two weeks ago. The victim's father had approached district magistrate Bahraich Kinjal Singh seeking a postmortem of his daughter. The police dug out the body from the grave in the presence of magistrate and sent it for postmortem.Additional magistrate Jagdish Singh said since only bones were recovered from the grave, forensic examination may be required for further probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16933770", "title": "BJP alleges assets scam against Virbhadra, produces \u2018proof\u2019", "text": "SHIMLA: Congress's pick for the chief ministership of Himachal Pradesh , Virbhadra Singh, got further embroiled in corruption charges with rival BJP producing what it called evidence of the disproportionate assets allegedly amassed by the veteran leader.Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley demanded a special investigation team (SIT) to probe allegations of money laundering against Singh, saying the man who is leading the Congress into the elections on November 4 has \"created a money trail, whereby unaccounted cash has found its way into ghost bank accounts only to be used later to buy LIC policies to benefit Singh and his family members\". \"It is a water tight and open-and-shut case of corruption and forgery,\" Jaitley said.Basing his charge on documents \u2014 like bank statements, LIC policy papers, income tax returns and agreements Singh signed for the management of his apple orchard \u2014 Jaitley referred to an account that Anand Chauhan, an LIC agent who is a resident of Shimla, opened with a branch of the Punjab National Bank in the city. He said over Rs 5 crore was deposited between 2008-2011 into the account from which Chauhan paid premiums for LIC polices taken out by Virbhadra Singh, his wife Pratibha and their two children.\"The unanswered question is why did Anand Chauhan pay the premiums on behalf of Virbhadra Singh and his family members? How does a mere LIC agent get crores of rupees in cash to be deposited in his bank account,\" Jaitley asked.Jaitley said the same question also engaged the attention of the income tax department which asked Chauhan about the source of the huge deposit in his PNB account, which alerted Chauhan and Singh to forge documents in order to pass off the money as the Congress veteran's income from his apple orchard.In his income tax returns for 2007-2008, 2008-2009 and 2009-2010, Singh had shown his \"agricultural income\" \u2014 income from his orchard \u2014 as Rs 11.5 lakh, Rs 15 lakh and Rs 25 lakh respectively. Jaitley said since the agricultural income could not have explained the deposit in the account of Chauhan from which he paid premiums for LIC policies, Singh allegedly resorted to forgery to inflate the income from his orchard retrospectively.\"Caught red handed, Shri Virbhadra Singh and Shri Anand Chauhan entered into a backdated agreement, and dated the same as June 15, 2008. Under the agreement, Anand Chauhan is to manage the orchard of Raja Virbhadra Singh, keep the entire proceeds in a bank and pay the same towards LIC polices,\" Jaitley alleged.Singh then filed for revision of his I-T returns for the three years, saying his agricultural income for the three years were actually Rs 2.21 crore, Rs 2.80 crore and Rs 1.55 crore respectively.To back up his allegation of forgery, Jaitley said Singh had signed an agreement with one Bishambhar Das on June 17, 2008 for the management of the same orchard for the same period. \"How can there be another agreement dated June 15, 2008 for the management of the same land and for the same period. Obviously, one has to be ante dated,\" he said.Jaitley also asked how there could be a thousand percent jump in Singh's income from the same orchard when the number of apple trees remained the same \u2014 3,200.Jaitley also recalled that search conducted in 2010 by the I-T department on the premises of a Mumbai-based steel company had revealed payments worth Rs 2.28 crore to one VBS. Although Singh had held charge of the steel ministry, he strongly refuted the insinuation that VBS were the initials for Virbhadra Singh. \"I write only VS,\" he had said when the I-T documents suddenly surfaced.But Jaitley seemed to suggest that the payment to VBS and the money in Chauhan's account could be linked.Saying that he did not expect the CBI to probe the matter, Jaitley demanded an SIT comprising three best police officers. \"Black money was turned into white through money laundering. It's a water tight and open-and-shut case. And, it's not merely a taxation issue, it's an issue of corruption,\" he said.Jaitley also sought to embarrass Congress chief Sonia Gandhi . \"If Sonia knew this, she wouldn't have shared the dais with Virbhadra Singh in Mandi on Monday. But if she knew and yet shared the dais, she should stop sermonizing on corruption,\" he said.\"Everybody must be clean but those who claim to have a lineage must be demonstrably cleaner than others,\" Jaitley said, referring to Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16934430", "title": "Benjo-dhol-tasha parties vanishing", "text": "VARANASI: The crisp sound of drums produced by 'benjo-dhol-tasha parties', one of the oldest desi (indigenous) bands in the city had become a history.Sannaur Ali, who plays instruments in a benjo-dhol-tasha party since last five generations, said that the Banarasi style of playing handmade drum was over 500 years old and highly popular during 16th and 17th centuries.The dhol tasha bands consisted of five different musical instruments being played by six persons. \"The band has a bagpiper, a clarinet, a pair of majeera, two dhols, and one tasha,\" Sannaur said. \"Influenced from Britishers, the traditional aerophone instrument of bagpiper was played by blowing air through a pipe into a bag and then squeezing the bag to force the air out of the pipe in the form of sound. The dhol and the tasha were prepared from animal skin, the bases of which were covered with wood and coloured clothes to give a decorative look,\" he added.Kamal Giri, former professor of history of arts, at Banaras Hindu University, said that the tasha band party was the famous musical band since years. \"The projection and impact of these musical bands can be seen in wooden and clay toys which are prepared by local artisans in the city. The band party toys are actually the replica of the dhol tasha musicians which were popular in the city in the past,\" Giri said.The dying popularity of the instrument can be gauged by the fact that at present less than seven drummers know how to playing the instrument. \"We have been playing the instruments since six generations, but the inception of Punjabi and Bengali dhols did the vanishing act of the folk instrument about 30-40 years back,\" said Nazeer Ahmed. The dhol tasha band was considered an important entertainer during weddings and festivals, specially Navaratra. \"Years back, when there were not many sources of entertainment, the dhol tasha parties were called to play the instruments on ceremonial occasions. People from other cities also invited us to play the instrument. Now the scenario is that we remain out of business for months,\" he addedr.Wakeel, another descendant of the family engaged in playing dhol tasha, clarified that it is not so that the dhol tasha bands have totally vanished. But in order to stand amid the contemporary style of drums, dhol tasha band has revised its form. \"There are no bagpiper, clarinet and majeera which were played earlier. Only two people with a dhol and tasha are considered the band members. Even the look of the drums have changed. Many shops are selling tasha made of fibre. There is a huge difference between modern tasha and tasha of the past. The sound of original tasha was crisp and unique, while fibre tasha and dhol give a monotonous sound. A mixture of dhoop, castor oil and mustard oil, was applied on the back of percussion instruments to produce a better sound,\" Wakeel said.The band has lost its importance in urban areas and is played only during wedding ceremonies in few villages. Most of the musicians have switched over to other occupations.Inauguration: Dr Lalji Singh, vice chancellor, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) will inaugurate the new building of faculty of Dental Sciences, Institute of medical Sciences (IMS), BHU near Trauma Centre campus, Sir Sundar Lal (SSL) hospital on Wednesday.Lecture: In continuation of dental education programme, Prof Ranjit Kumar Patil, head, department of Oral Medicine and Radiology, faculty of Dental Sciences, King George's Medical University (KGMU) will deliver a lecture on 'Pre Cancerous Lesion of Oral Cavity and Their Management' at faculty of Dental Sciences, new building on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16939214", "title": "Why BSY can\u2019t pull the rug from under Shettar\u2019s feet", "text": "BANGALORE: Why is former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa not ready to topple the BJP government despite announcing that he is stepping out of the party and issuing repeated warnings to chief minister Jagadish Shettar?Yeddyurappa may not pull punches when it comes to criticizing the party and his government. But toppling the government is a far difficult decision to make as his supporters hold crucial portfolios. The spoils of the office are too important for Yeddyurappa's yet to be announced party to given up.Though Yeddyurappa recently telephoned Shettar and warned him of dire consequences, in the same breath he assured the latter that he would be allowed to complete his full term.Political observers maintain that key portfolios are with Yeddyurappa's followers such as energy, public works department, industries, water resources, housing, agriculture and excise among others. \"No minister is ready to sacrifice the portfolio and join Yeddyurappa at this moment. They still have 5-6 months and enough can be done in their ministries,\" a senior minister in Shettar cabinet said.Currently, both Yeddyurappa and the ruling BJP appear to be confused when it comes to dealing with each other. While the former CM wants to have control over the party despite his announcement of quitting BJP very soon, the party in open maintains that Yeddyurappa is like a senior member of the family and has the right to advise. Hence Yeddyurappa has adopted the strategy to attack Shettar.Though the BJP expelled Yeddyurappa's aide V Dhananjay Kumar from the party on charges of anti-party activities, the leaders are not taking any such action against the former CM. Using this to his advantage, the Lingayat strongman has been attacking BJP leaders from Nitin Gadkari to the last volunteer of the party.Each party is trying to derive advantage out of the situation in the BJP. While Congress believes the mud-slinging in BJP will automatically translate to more seats for itself in the assembly elections next year, the JD(S) is also bracing to utilize the opportunity. However, state BJP president K S Eshwarappa maintains that his party will win a good number of seats even if any leader quits the party. \"BJP is a cadre based party. Cadres and grassroots are strong and BJP will come to power on its own in the next elections,\" he said.Eshwarappa said that more regional parties in Karnataka will only work to the BJP's advantage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934412", "title": "If decibel limits are reasonable, more revellers will fall in line: High court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday said that if the cap on decibel levels was raised to a reasonable limit, it would be possible for more people to adhere to the revised ones. The court was hearing a petition filed by a Mulund-based Navratri mandal seeking permission to organize a dandiya event in a silence zone.On Saturday, the court had granted the mandal permission subject to certain conditions. On Tuesday, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was informed by Awaaz Foundation that the Navyuvak Mitra Mandal had violated the permissible 50 dB sound limit and had not used a distributed sound system. The mandal also played music beyond the 10pm deadline. Awaaz's advocate Ishwar Nankani said the sound level recorded was 95-97 decibels.This prompted the court to ask Awaaz Foundation's convener Sumaira Abdulali about the effectiveness of distributed sound systems with low voltage speakers and sound barriers. Abdulali informed the court that these were effective in lowering decibel levels.The mandal's advocate, M S Karnik, said the government had allowed all mandals to play music till 12am on the eight and ninth day of Navratri. \"The mandal has been organizing the event at this location for the past 15 years. It was only this year, and that too on the first day of Navratri, that we were told the area is a silence zone,\" said Karnik.Turning to the police department and the BMC, Justice Shah said, \"Why are you always giving permissions at the last minute? Now we'll set out a timetable for people to apply for permissions and for you to consider their applications. The groups that get permission would then know they have to make preparations.\" The court directed that the police and civic body should accept applications 45-60 days in advance and should decide whether to permit or reject them at least 30 days before the festival.\"How will people celebrate festivals? Everybody does not go to 5-star hotels to celebrate and dance,\" said Justice Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16935190", "title": "Stop using polythene, urges social activist", "text": "ALLAHABAD: City-based social activist Rajendra Tiwari \"Dukanji\" has appealed to people to stop using polythene to save environment. He is visiting Ramleela and Durga Puja pandals and distributing pamphlets urging people to take oath against use of polythene.Dukanji claim that so far 8,000 people have taken the oath to boycott polythene. \"I have been appealing devotees to throw pujan articles, flowers and other articles into the dustbins kept at different ghats by the nagar nigam so that pollution level in the Ganga and Yamuna could be checked,\" he said.Dukanji added that he has been advising people to use bags made of clothes or jute or paper for daily needs. He has also asked tea vendors to use earthen pots instead of plastic cups.These efforts are being made for a clean and green Mahakumbh and ban on polythene would help checking pollution in the Ganga and Yamuna, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16934985", "title": "'More specific strategies required to attract investors'", "text": "INDORE: MNCs in developed countries are now holding a record $4-5 trillion in cash. This investment will be seeking a place and China leads the queue internationally and Gujarat domestically. Policies attracting investment have become standard in most Indian states, irrespective of their level of development, geographical location or industrial structure.I am of the view that the present investment promotion strategy should aim to meet both short-term and long-term targets. MP may need to use broad-based policies investment without posing too many obstacles or restrictions in order to stimulate the economy. At the same time, more specific measures aimed at attracting quality investment should be applied to meet MP's long-term strategic needs.However, attracting quality investment requires that MP delivers enough satisfactory rewards to make investors agree to transfer funds to MP businesses and entrepreneurs/opportunities. Those rewards cannot be generated by simple incentives, but from the readiness of economic factors, the quality of physical infrastructure (I am sure we don't want to create another Pithampur with first world dream and third world infrastructure) factors, and the environment that is conducive to quality investment.Attracting quality investment would not be successful if superficial investment promotion incentives are used, but only through compelling factors that lead the investors to believe that they will be rewarded with lasting benefits.Specifically we need to work on some aspects:Image Building: Creating the perception of MP as an attractive state for investment. Activities commonly associated with image building include focused advertising, public relations events and the generation of favourable news stories by cultivating positive stories.Investor Facilitation and Investors Servicing: Range of services provided in MP that can assist an investor in analysing investment decisions, establishing a business and maintaining it.Investment Generation: This entails targeting specific sectors and companies with the aim of creating investment leads. Activities include identification of potential sectors and investor campaigns, individual presentations to targeted investors.Policy Advocacy: This consists of the activities via which the agency supports initiatives to improve the investment climate and identifies the views of MP leading private sector leaders on this matter. Activities include surveys of the private sector, participation in task forces, policy and legal proposals and lobbying their contacts in MNCs.Effective policies: Reduce Vulnerability, Support Sustainability and Control Corruption.Infrastructure: Support market access and increase productivity and competitiveness.Capable workforce: Invest in human capital, demand driven diverse, skilled and qualified workforce that meets new demands of Retail Industry. The government can also promote the same on a national level.Environment management: To maintain long term viability of economic growth across the sector.Accountable government: A government that is willing to adopt the transparent management of this economy and provide safe, stable and attractive environment for businesses in the industry.(Arif Sheikh is the CEO &amp; ED of Entertainment World Developers)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933393", "title": "Minor eloper to stay in women\u2019s home", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has sent a minor girl, who married her boyfriend after eloping with him, to a women's shelter till she attains majority to ensure that she is able to exercise her right to repudiate her marriage, in case she wishes so.Citing an earlier judgment, a bench of judges Sanjiv Khanna and S P Garg refused the minor girl's custody to her husband saying she was only 15 years and 10 months old on August 18, 2012 when she allegedly married.\"Keeping in view the earlier judgment, this court is of the opinion that to keep alive the petitioner No 1's (girl) option of repudiating the marriage, she should not be allowed to reside in the house of petitioner No 2 (husband),\" the court said after the girl refused to go with her parents.The court passed the order on the girl and her husband's plea seeking police protection alleging that her parents were against the marriage.The court also directed police to provide protection to her husband saying \"the beat constable and the SHO of the area where petitioner No 2 (husband) resides shall ensure that no bodily harm or injury is caused to him\".The court has allowed the husband to meet the girl twice in a week for two hours each day. Further, the bench directed the girl's parents not to marry the girl to anyone else without her consent and before she turns 18 years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16934172", "title": "Special prayers mark Ramnavami", "text": "KANPUR: Special prayers, 'Havans' and 'Bhandaras' marked the festival of Ramnavami on Tuesday. The celebrations also marked the culmination of nine-day long auspicious Shardiya Navratra festival.Kanya Pujan, Mundan, and Kanchedan ceremonies were also conducted in large numbers on the last day of Navratra. People thronged Durga temples and worshiped goddess 'Siddhi Datri' who bestows her devotees with fame and money. Long queues of devotees, including men, women, and children were seen at various Durga temples since morning. Special prayers and Kanja Puja was also organized at temples.Young girls, dressed in their best, were invited by their neighbours for Kanjak Pujan. People also took part in the community Hawans organized at temples and households to mark the occasion. Bhandara was organized at Sankat Mochan Mandir at Ashok Nagar where hundreds of Kanjika. The Bhandara at Jungli Devi temple also witnessed huge rush on the occasion.The special Aarti and 'Kanya Bhoj' organized at the temple of Maulshree Devi, Nawabganj also witnessed a large number of people. Similar celebrations were also held with religious fervour at the temples of Lord Rama across the city. A tableau depicting the scenes of Ramlila was taken out by the members of Parade Ramlila committee.Last day of Navratra celebrated with devotionThe last day of 'Durga Puja' was celebrated with much gaiety and devotion on Tuesday. The culmination of this four-day event included prize distributions and cultural events. Durga Puja Pandals were beautifully decorated on the occasion. Ram Navmi aarti, Sindoor Khela and traditional activities also remained the centre of attraction for devotees who thronged the pandals in large numbers. The last day celebrations were also marked with community feasts at pandals. The festival is devoted to Goddess Durga and her other manifestations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16935853", "title": "Tatra case: CBI quizzes Rishi again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vectra chairman Ravinder Rishi and four others were again grilled by CBI on Tuesday over the alleged bribe offer made by retired Lt General Tejinder Singh to the then Army chief V K Singh for clearing 1,676 sub-standard Tatra BEML trucks, CBI sources said.They claimed Rishi was asked questions again as there were inconsistencies in his statements given on Monday. He had denied having any business links with Tejinder Singh.Two businessmen and two executives of Vectra were also asked about their association with the defence ministry officials. CBI suspected alleged association between Tejinder Singh and Rishi during the probe of a separate case related to Abhishek Verma, another arms-dealer facing a CBI investigation in several cases.Gen (retd) V K Singh had alleged that Tejinder Singh offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore in his office in September, 2010, to clear the purchase of Tatra BEML trucks, a matter he had promptly reported to defence minister A K Antony. After getting a formal complaint from the former Army chief, CBI had initiated a preliminary enquiry in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16934930", "title": "Insurance cover for parents under ladli yojna: CM", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has announced that the state government will provide insurance cover to the parents of girls benefited under the Ladli Laxmi Yojna in the state.A special campaign will be launched from November 19 to October 12 next year for the girl child. Special facilities will be extended to parents with only daughters in the state, a government release said on Tuesday.Chouhan was addressing a kanya poojan function at his official residence here when he also administered a pledge to save daughters before those present on the occasion. Chouhan's wife also performed kanya poojan along with him.He said that insurance cover up to Rs. 30,000 will be provided by the state government to the parents of girls benefited under the yojna. Benefit of the scheme has so far been extended to over 13 lakh girls in the state, the government release claimed.A programme will also be held in every city of the state on November 19 to create awareness on atrocities against women. Chouhan also said that special advocates will be appointed for forceful action against atrocities on women. He said that every possible effort will be made to empower girls.Chouhan also felicitated brave girls of Sai Girls Hostel, Bhopal . He went round the photo exhibition put up by girls from Gwalior and Chambal divisions. He along with his wife also performed Garba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933607", "title": "Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad seeks custody of 4 Indian Mujahideen members", "text": "MUMBAI: The state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) has submitted a transfer warrant to a Delhi court to take the custody of four suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) members arrested by the Delhi special cell in connection with the August 1 Pune blasts. The four are likely to be taken into custody by the Pune ATS on October 30.ATS chief Rakesh Maria said they have submitted a transfer warrant to a Delhi court. \"We are likely to get their custody by October 30. Once we get their custody, we will question them thoroughly,\" Maria said.Asad Khan, Imran Khan, Feroz and Irfan Landge were arrested recently for allegedly carrying out the August 1 Pune serial blasts and planning major strikes in Delhi this festive season. They are at present being interrogated at the Lodhi Colony office. Asad, Imran and Feroz are members of a module of LeT commander Fayyaz Kagzi. Landge was picked up and detained on October 5 by the special cell. \"The ATS is on the lookout for two other suspects, one of them is from Aurangabad. Once they are caught, the police will have concrete evidence to prove its case,\" said an officer.Two teams of the special cell are still camping in Delhi to pick up their suspects. Four bombs, planted on cycles, at various locations on Jungli Maharaj Lane in Pune went off. No one died in the blasts because of a technical hitch.The police said the bombing was to avenge the killing of IM member Qateel Siddiqui in Yervada jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938234", "title": "Britney's manager testifies in defamation case", "text": "Britney Spears' self-styled manager Sam Lufti took the stand in his defamation lawsuit against the singer's parents on Tuesday, claiming that he acted to protect her from paparazzi and others during a critical period in her life.Lufti described the popstar at that time as being \"in crisis mode.\"\"She was very distraught. She was having a child custody battle and was in the middle of a divorce,\" Fox News quoted him as saying.He added that she also had drug problems.Lufti said that he met her right after she had shaved her head during a very public meltdown.\"She was dealing with a lot of anxiety,\" he said.The witness, whose testimony was interrupted frequently by objections by lawyers for Spears' parents Jamie and Lynne Spears, was asked by his attorney if he took steps to control the press mob that was following her constantly.Lufti said he alleviated the problem with photographers by texting them where Spears would be going so they could follow her at a safe distance.\"I also started setting up meetings at her home with press photographers so they could get to know her as a human being,\" he said, referring to himself as the singer's \"manager.\" He did not say when he became her manager.In his lawsuit, Lufti alleges that Lynne defamed him in her book about her daughter's darkest days.She depicted him as a Svengali-like figure who exploited Britney's vulnerabilities and gave her drugs to control her.He denies those allegations and portrays himself as the singer's protector, who managed her career during the period when she was in distress and ultimately hospitalized for mental problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16934414", "title": "Senior citizens get maintenance rights in state", "text": "LUCKNOW: To ensure the dignity of elderly people, the UP government has adopted the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act, 2007, which gives legal rights to senior citizens for seeking maintenance from their kin.\"The government has adopted the Act under which parents and senior citizens have been given the legal right of maintenance\", said SP spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary. As per the provisions of the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act, 2007, children of a senior citizen have the obligation to maintain them so that they could lead normal life. For childless elderly persons, the onus of their maintenance will lie on the relative who is in possession of their property or who would inherit the same. The maximum monthly allowance will be specified by the state government, Chaudhary said.Under the Act, a provision of constituting a maintenance authority under the chairmanship of sub-divisional magistrate has been made, he said. Under the Act, parents and senior citizens would have the right to get maintenance of maximum Rs 10,000 per month and district welfare officer would be nominated as the maintenance officer.The SP spokesperson said that along with the setting up of old age homes, medical services would be provided to senior citizens in the hospitals on priority. He said the government has launched Rani Laxmibai pension scheme in which people living below poverty line would get a monthly pension of Rs 400 payable in two half-yearly instalments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16943841", "title": "Seminar on 'Modern Library Technologies' held", "text": "THRISSUR: Modern library technologies should be targeted to provide better services to the library clientele, opined Dr CT Abraham, Associate Dean, Horticulture College, Kerala Agricultural University (KAU).He was inaugurating the seminar on 'Technology Management in Modern Libraries' jointly organised by the Kerala Library Association (KLA) and the College of Horticulture, KAU on Monday in the university compound.KLA (Thrissur region) President Dr AT Francis presided over the function and KP Sathian, librarian of the KAU, delivered the keynote address.C Abdul Razak, former librarian of KAU; VC John, librarian of Thejus Enginnering College, Vellarakkad and PM Biju, librarian of Quilandy Centre of Sanskrit University spoke on the occasion.Dr P Vijayakumaran Nair, former scientist of Kerala Forest Research Institute (KFRI), Peechi; Vinitha Davies, librarian of St Aloysius College, Elthuruth and N Sarojam, scientist and chief librarian of KFRI were presented theme papers 'Digital Library: A Critical Survey of Packages Available', 'WiFi Networks in Libraries' and 'How to Make Available the Contents of the Journals Subscribed in the Library for Searching in Online', respectively.KN Vijayalekshmi, librarian of the Govt. Nursing College; PD Anto, Librarian of Prajothi Nikethan College, Pudukkad; EK Mohanlal from Veterinary University; VG Siju of Cochin University; KR Nagarajan, librarian of the Govt. Engineering College, Thrissur; MC Sathi, librarian of Veterinary College, Mannuthy; KA Fincy, librarian from Valappad Grama Panchayath and VS Sreedevi, librarian of the Holy Grace Academy, Mala led the discussions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "16942207", "title": "Saina Nehwal enters 2nd round of French Open Super Series", "text": "PARIS: Fresh from her maiden Denmark Open title triumph , India ace Saina Nehwal started her French Open Super Series campaign in style, registering a hard-fought win over China's Li Han in women's singles event on Wednesday.Top seeded Indian saw off her opponent 21-11 16-21 21-19 in a battle that lasted an hour.The 22-year-old Saina will take on Thailand's Sapsiree Taerattanachai in the second round.There was little to differentiate between Saina and Li Han in today's match but the Indian turned out to be better as far as the smash winners were concerned. She recorded 10 smash winners in comparison to just five, hit by her opponent.Both Saina and Li started off well in the first game but the former always managed to maintain a slight lead before she opened up with a huge 17-10 margin. The Hyderabadi girl then comfortably wrapped up the game 21-11.The Chinese, however, gathered her composure in the second game and straight away surged ahead with a 6-1 lead. Although, Saina could bridge the gap, fighting her way to 15-18, Li Han raced away to seal it 21-16.In the decider, none of the shuttlers spared each other an inch and at one stage both were locked at 19-19 before Saina kept her nerves to win two straight points and walk away with the match.Earlier, Sourabh Varma crashed out in the first round with a 20-22 16-21 loss to Indonesia's Sony Dwi Kuncoro in the men's singles.In mixed doubles also, the Indian combo of Tarun Kona and Ashwini Ponnappa lost their first round match to Thai pair of Patiphat Chalardchaleam and Savitree Amitrapai 18-21 15-21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "16935627", "title": "100 days on, Sunita Williams says space floating is \u2018priceless\u2019", "text": "HOUSTON: Record-setting Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams has completed 100 days in space and is not missing gravity as she loves floating around, an experience she calls \"priceless\".\"I love being up here and I love floating around,\" 47-yearold Williams, who is currently commanding the International Space Station's Expedition 33 crew, said. \"I think the mindset really is you know it is not going to last forever, so I think you take an advantage of flying around as much as possible,\" said Williams.Sometimes her mindset reverts , however, to how she'd do things on Earth. \"It took a little while to get used to falling asleep without laying down on a bed or having a pillow ,\" she said. \"Still, every now and then, you take a bag of nuts and go like this, holding it up in the air to have them fall in your mouth, and that's not going to work.\" Some of those small unconscious things catch you off guard but being in micro-gravity and flying around in space is priceless, she said. \"I think we're cherishing every moment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "durban", "code": "16939650", "title": "CLT20: Delhi batting power up against Lions' bowling consistency", "text": "DURBAN: Delhi Daredevils' batting might would be put through a stern test by the consistent bowling attack of Highveld Lions when the two sides clash in the first semifinal of the Champions League Twenty20 on Thursday.While the Daredevils finished their league engagements unbeaten and on top of Group A after two wins and a couple of washouts, the Lions ended second in group B with three victories and a loss from their four preliminary matches.Delhi are the only IPL side left in contention after three others were knocked out in the group stage itself. The Lions, on the other hand, are one of the two South African sides, the other being Titans, to have reached the semifinals.Delhi's strength lies in its power-packed batting line-up which boasts of proven match-winners such as Virender Sehwag , skipper Mahela Jayawardene, Kevin Pietersen and Ross Taylor. Rising star Unmukt Chand makes it perhaps the best top-five in the tournament.But the team looked vulnerable the last time weather permitted it to come out in the middle, against Perth Scorchers. Had it not been for a uncharacteristically patient half-century by Sehwag, Delhi did stare at defeat against the Scorchers.David Warner has been warming the benches in this tournament and he will be itching to have a go in case the team management decides to include him in the line-up.On the bowling front, Delhi's attack looks decent spearheaded by Irfan Pathan and Morne Morkel. The young Umesh Yadav has come good and so has veteran all-rounder Ajit Agarkar, who seems to be rediscovering his form.The Lions, on the other hand, have been relying on their enterprising bowling to carve out wins.\"We always thought we can make it to the semis and even the final. The guys have been working hard since April, when we lost the final of the MiWay T20 Cup to the Titans. So, it's not a surprise that we're in semifinals; we were expected to do well,\" said left-arm spinner Aaron Phangiso, who has eight wickets in four matches at an economy rate of 4.43.The only match in which the left-arm pairing of Sohail Tanvir and Dirk Nannes went for runs was against clinical Sydney Sixers.But they returned to the forefront with a good performance against Yorkshire in their final group match. In the spin department, Phangiso has shown incredible temperament in all his four outings.The 28-year-old spinner will be high on confidence and poses a serious threat to the Delhi batsmen.On the batting front, Alviro Petersen , Quinton de Kock and Neil McKenzie are the three main characters in the Lions plans.Gulam Bodi played a couple of good knocks to start with but came a cropper against Yorkshire and he would look to raise his game in the big game.Teams (from):Delhi Daredevils: Mahela Jayawardene (Capt.), Ajit Agarkar, Unmukt Chand, Morne Morkel , Pawan Negi, Naman Ojha, Irfan Pathan, Kevin Pietersen, Andre Russell, Aavishkar Salvi, Virender Sehwag, Ross Taylor , Venugopal Rao, David Warner, Umesh Yadav.Highveld Lions: Alviro Petersen, Temba Bavuma, Gulam Bodi, Zander de Bruyn, Quinton de Kock, Neil McKenzie, Pumelela Matshikwe, Chris Morris, Dirk Nannes, Ethan O'Reilly, Aaron Phangiso, Dwaine Pretorius, Sohail Tanvir, Jean Symes, Thami Tsolekile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16934492", "title": "RLD seeks inquiry into Fatehpur bus tragedy", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Rashtriya Lok Dal has demanded an inquiry into the tragic incident in which nearly a dozen people were killed after the bus in which they were travelling came in contact with a high-tension wire in Fatehpur district on Tuesday. RLD state unit spokesperson, Anil Dubey said that they have been demanding inquiry into such incidents in the past. \"The previous government did not bother to look into such incidents. We expect the present government to see that such incidents do not happen,\" Dubey said. The party also demanded a compensation of Rs 10 lakh for the deceased and Rs 5 lakh for the injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "16935711", "title": "PTU youth fest concludes with scintillating dances", "text": "MODEL TOWN: PTU Inter-zonal Youth Festival 2012 being held at Guru Nanak Institute of Management and Technology (GNIMT), Gujarkhan Campus, Model Town, concluded amid fanfare on Wednesday.Day 3 of the youth fest had a variety of events, including vaar singing, folk orchestra, on-the-spot painting, quiz (final), cartooning and Punjabi folk dance. Professor Hari Singh, former principal of Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College, and H S Gill, former selection grade superintending engineer, Border Road Organization were the guest of honour.Dr S M Kant, the observer of Punjab Technical University, was the chief guest for the valedictory function. He gave away the prizes and congratulated the winners. He said these festivals inculcate a positive personality among youngsters. Dr (Col) H S Singha, director at GNIMT, thanked all the guests, team in charges of various colleges and the participants for making the youth festival a grand success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16939394", "title": "Honour for Mangalorean doctor", "text": "MANGALORE: President Pranab Mukherjee conferred the coveted gold medal for best junior resident for 2012 on Dr Shwetha Kamath of Mangalore during the convocation ceremony of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) held in New Delhi on October 16. The President handed over the gold medal and certificate to her in the presence of Ghulam Nabi Azad , Union Minister for Health and Family Welfare.An alumnus of St Agnes Institutions and Canara PU College, she earned her MBBS degree at KS Hegde Medical Academy (KSHEMA), Mangalore before completing her MD (Pathology) with distinction AIIMS, New Delhi, a premier medical institution of the country. She is the daughter of Shantha and Surathkal Srinivas Kamath of Pound Garden, Kadri, Mangalore.EOM/October 24, 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934772", "title": "Vows just words for 1st village Modi visited as CM", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Lilapur, a quaint village off SG Road - and the last hamlet in the south of Ahmedabad district - preserves a unique memory. It was the first village that Narendra Modi had visited soon after he became the chief minister of the state on October 7, 2001. The visit was timed two days after Diwali, according to villagers, and was significant because accompanying Modi was his bete noire, revenue minister Haren Pandya. Pandya was slain in 2003.At Lilapur, Modi and Pandya presided over a gram sabha meeting and promised better roads, educational facilities, and the uplift of the Bakshi Panch community that dominates the village. But the village has had crippled internal roads for the past nine years and has not produced a single graduate since 1995. More than 80 per cent of the village land has been sold to developers.Viram Thakore, the current Lilapur sarpanch, was present at the 2001 meeting with Modi. \"It was supposed to be a surprise visit by Modi and Pandya,\" Thakore said. \"Villagers remember how Pandya had arrived some thirty minutes before Modi. The village school was chosen for the gathering. At around 7.30 pm, Modi arrived in a white Ambassador car along with a gunman. At the time, he did not have a large SPG entourage that accompanies him today.\"Girish Barot, an active panchayat member, said: \"We have good approach roads to the village but for some reason, for the past nine years, after gutter lines were laid, our internal roads were never repaired.\" Modi and Pandya gave 24-hour electricity and clean water supply, Barot said. As for the 2001 meeting, Barot said: \"I vividly remember that a drunkard stood up in the meeting and spoke about Lal Bahadur Shastri for 10 minutes and Modi listened to him patiently.\"Thakore said Modi inquired if Kisan cards had been distributed among villagers and when the village talati said that the distribution had been delayed by three months, the officer concerned was suspended on the spot. \"Before leaving, Modi had promised a better life for our backward community,\" Thakore said.As a sarpanch, Thakore is worried about the village's educational backwardness. \"Youngsters in my village do not believe in higher education,\" he said. \"Most of the farmers here have sold their paltry land holdings to developers and are today left without work, and have spent all the money from land deals. Children loose interest in studies and want to start working early in their lives for sustaining themselves and their families.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933632", "title": "8 injured in blaze", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight people were injured after a fire broke out inside a garage at Lady Hardinge Medical College staff quarters early on Tuesday. Police said the fire was reported around 2.30am from garage no. 127, which had been rented out to workers in the hospital. Though the reason for the blaze has not been ascertained, police suspect it was triggered by cylinder leakage.According to witnesses, such was the impact that even the walls of the garage collapsed. The injured were admitted to Lady Hardinge Hospital. Most of them have sustained serious burns, hospital sources said. Preeti (22), who works with a private company, fractured her hand and leg after coming under a portion of the wall, police said.\"A case of causing hurt, endangering life and safety of others and mischief due to fire has been registered at Mandir Marg police station against unidentified persons,\" a senior police officer said. A disaster management team also visited the spot and would submit its report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16933823", "title": "Housing meant for poor only on paper", "text": "GURGAON: A city residents' welfare association (RWA) has alleged discrepancies in the Haryana government's policy of providing affordable housing projects to the lower and middle income group category. The Gurgaon Citizens' Council (GCC) has alleged that the state government has failed to provide this housing facility even three years after making this announcement and they claim that this delay has only benefited the builder mafia.\"In 2009 the government of Haryana gave wide publicity to the proposal that it would build one lakh low-cost houses in the state. Out of them, 40,000 were to be built in Gurgaon, 30,000 in Faridabad and Panchkula and the remaining 30,000 in the rest of Haryana in places like Rohtak, Hissar, Panipat, and Sonipat. While Gurgaon was stated to be a high potential zone, the rest were considered medium- and low-potential zones. However, even after three years there is no sign of these housing complexes, meant for the poor, coming into being,\" said R S Rathee, president, Gurgaon Citizens' Council.According to memo No. 5/16/2006-2TCP dated May 29, 2009 and 7/16/2006-2TCP dated August 20, 2009 issued by the financial commissioner and principal secretary, town and country planning, to the director, town and country planning, the selling price of flats in low-cost housing projects was not to exceed Rs 4 lakh. Also, the cost of dwelling units under affordable housing (85%) category would not exceed Rs 16 lakh in the Gurgaon-Manesar Complex (Hyper/High Potential Zone).\"The objective of the government of Haryana was to provide affordable dwelling units to people from the low- and middle-income categories, to mitigate the shortage of dwelling units and to help every family own a house or flat in Haryana. The government of Haryana has given wide publicity to this. However, since no such thing has taken place we have written to the chief minister to give us a detailed reply, providing details of where these houses have come up. Clearly the private builder mafia has been benefited because of the delay, which gave them time to get the land use changed and construct their own buildings,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16935751", "title": "Despite high court orders, no unauthorized constructions demolished", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as Punjab and Haryana high court had in an order on July 20 fixed the responsibility of SDMs to ensure that no construction would be allowed in any unauthorized colonies and if raised these would be demolished, yet no constructions have been demolished.The high court order, which pushed the official machinery into action, had even said if the SDM would fail to take effective steps in this regard, stern action would be taken against the officer concerned. It had also held that work of vigilance would be coordinated and regulated by the deputy director of local bodies department in the respective area. Punjab government had sent the copies of this order to SDMs across the state quite a few weeks ago.Sources revealed that after this order deputy commissioners held meetings with the SDMs, Jalandhar Development Authority (JDA) and PUDA officials and it was decided that JDA would be providing the men and machines for carrying out any demolition and it would bear the expenses.It is learnt that nodal officers were also appointed in the JDA who can be contacted by SDMs. In the areas within the limits of municipal corporation or municipal committees such action is to be taken by the MCs.In some of the colonies construction of roads was carried out recently and it continued till some weeks ago and no houses have come up. Yet no demolition of roads etc in these unauthorized colonies has been undertaken. Sources in JDA revealed that no requisition to provide help of men and machines to undertake demolition in any such colony.However, sources said while 766 unauthorized colonies in three districts of Doaba region -- Jalandhar, Kapurthala and Hoshiarpur -- had been detected, there are a few hundred within the limits of various municipal bodies. They disclosed that the number of such colonies was above 1,500 in these three districts and some of the colonies are very recent where roads etc had been recently laid by the colonizers.When contacted, PUDA and JDA additional chief administrator Sarojani Gautam Sharda confirmed that they had not received any request from anywhere to provide men or machines to undertake demolition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16935466", "title": "India reaches out to Khaleda Zia ahead of Bangladesh polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Bangladesh set to go to polls next year, India has reached out to the opposition leader and BNP chairperson Khaleda Zia by inviting her to visit New Delhi next week. Indian High Commissioner to Bangladesh, Pankaj Saran, met Zia in Dhaka to discuss her engagements for her week-long visit to India.Zia is expected to meet President Pranab Mukherjee on October 28. The date for her meeting with PM Manmohan Singh is being finalized. She is also expected to visit Ajmer.While the BNP has always been known for its anti-India stance, New Delhi knows that it is imperative to at least make an attempt to mend fences with her in the run up to the general elections slated to be held next year. The BNP, known for its links with Pakistan, has of late been looking to make new friends in the region.India has managed to add some substance to its relations with Bangladesh during the ongoing tenure of the government led by Awami League's Sheikh Hasina \u2014 most notably concluding a land boundary agreement \u2014 but it knows that ties with BNP are crucial to make this process irreversible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934741", "title": "State, victim both can challenge acquittal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A full bench of Gujarat high court on Tuesday held that in case of acquittal in a criminal case, the state government, as well as, the victim both have the right to file a criminal appeal in high court.The larger bench, comprising Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya, Justice A L Dave and Justice V M Sahai, has ruled that the rights of a victim of an offence and that of the state government to file appeal against acquittal and to demand compensation are independent of each other.This bench heard the legal issue and reached to conclusion after two division benches of the high court came up with contradictory judgments in relation with the right of victim and state to question an acquittal. The issue arose when a widow from Bhavnagar - Bhavuben Makwana questioned acquittal of accused persons in a case, wherein her husband was killed, moved HC against the lower court's decision.At the same time, the state government also challenged the acquittal.A division bench headed by Justice Tripathi opined that two other benches had expressed different opinions in the past regarding entertaining such appeals.A bench of Justice Jayant Patel and Justice Z K Saiyed opined that once the state government files an appeal, similar appeal by victim is not maintainable. Another bench of Justice D H Waghela and Justice J C Upadhyay was of the opinion that once the appeal against acquittal filed by the victim is admitted and the state government is a party in it, the state government needs not file a separate appeal.These contradictory orders had created precarious situation for the courts about entertaining appeals filed to challenge acquittals recorded by lower courts.In wake of these contradictory judgments, the high court referred the issue to the larger bench so that the final conclusion could guide the division bench on how to treat Makwana's case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16938947", "title": "Two youth held for spate of snatchings in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The Ghatkopar police recently arrested two youths for allegedly committing over 23 chain snatchings in the city in 2012. The two -- biker Tahir Rizvi (24) and pillion rider Abbas Buraniya (24) --school dropouts were just 14 years old when they started committing snatchings on foot and later graduated to motorcycle. Their luck ran short when snatched the gold chain of Ghatkopar resident Indira Nair (59) at Pant Nagar on October 14 and tried to flee but was caught was caught when they fell into the web of the Parksite police who had laid trap on receiving wireless alert after the snatching occurred.Police found out that the black Pulsar bike which the two had been using in the snatchings were purchased six months ago with the stolen chains. \"They have smartly used fake number plate to disguise the victims and the officials if anyone notes it down. The fake number is placed on the original number. The fake number belongs to some innocent person who gets trapped for fault of his,\" said Ghatkopar police inspector Rajkumar Kothmire.The incident occurred on October 14 around 9.45am when the victim Nair was walking on the roadside to home when the biker Rizvi came closer to her and the pillion rider Buraniya snatched away with the chain at Amrut Nagar in Ghatkopar (West). She immediately alerted the cops present few distance away from the spot. Wireless messages were sent to the Pant Nagar police and the Parksite police in which direction the motorcycle chain snatcher sped after snatching.Few hours later the Parksite police nabbed Rizvi and Pant Nagar police nabbed Buraniya who ran away after committing the offence. After beefing up patrolling and bandobast, the snatchers are found using different modus operandi to avoid getting arrest. \"Changing the number plates is some of the latest method. The other method recent and new modus operandi is pillion rider following a victim to a building premise where she lives and snatch away with the chain. While pillion rider knocks the door of a victim on pretext of asking for a address and snatches away with the chain,\" said the investigators.The arrested two are hardcore criminals and had been committing the offence everytime when they get out on bail. This time they are booked for robbery. They were produced before the court and was given seven days custody. They were produced before the court again on Tuesday and is sent to jail custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933747", "title": "Gas agencies to be told to display charges on boards", "text": "PUNE: District collector Vikas Deshmukh on Tuesday said cooking gas (LPG) agencies in the city would be told to display boards outside their offices with details about refilling fees and deposits to be paid. Such steps would restrict overcharging and frequent arguments between gas agencies and consumers.Consumers were expected to pay a deposit amount for new connections. But some have registered complaints with the helpline saying that they did not know the exact amount of deposits and ended up paying more. Some complaints said gas agencies were overcharging for refilled cylinders.\"We will ask agencies to display the exact rates about deposits and charges of subsidized and non- subsidized cylinders to avoid confusion among consumers,\" said Deshmukh.There were complaints about irregular gas supply in some places. Oil companies and gas agencies were asked to take cognizance of all complaints and initiate immediate steps to resolve the issues and streamline home delivery of cylinders. Advance booking for cooking gas would avoid last-minute rush.The collector said gas agencies should explain rules to the customers when they seek new connections. There is no compulsion to purchase specific products while applying for new connections, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16934174", "title": "12 charred as bus catches fire", "text": "KANPUR: Twelve persons were burnt alive and 32 suffered severe burn injuries when a private bus carrying them caught fire after coming into contact of 11,000 KV high-tension wire at the Amauli-Fatehpur bus stand in Jahanabad town, 70 kms from Fatehpur district headquarters on Tuesday evening.Reports said there were over 50 passengers in the Fatehpur-bound bus (UP-71-B-3215) when it arrived at the Amauli-Fatehpur bus stand in Jahanabad town at around 4 pm. Most of the passengers were headed to their native place in Fatehpur to celebrate Dussehra on Wednesday. The victims were yet to be identified.The injured have been admitted to the district hospital from where five among them were referred to the Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital in Kanpur.SP Rajendra Singh and other district officials, including DM Kanchan Verma, visited the site and supervised the rescue operations.According to reports, the high-tension wire at Amauli-Fatehpur bus stand snapped and fell on the bus following which it caught fire. While 12 persons were electrocuted, 32 others suffered serious burns. Ten others who jumped from the bus also suffered injuries due to electric shock and fire.Locals, who rushed to the site were helpless and they could not do much to rescue those trapped inside the bus in the absence of safety measures. Later, they told the police control room and alerted the district fire department. The police, with the help of locals, started a rescue operation after power supply was disconnected and the fire was doused.The death toll is likely to go up as seriously burnt passengers have been rushed to LLR in Kanpur for treatment, informed an official.A magisterial inquiry has been ordered into the incident, said DM Kanchan Verma. As per sources, the inquiry will also be conducted by UP Power Corporation Ltd officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16935261", "title": "Ravan podi at 13 places in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Glittering pandals and huge effigies of Ravan are ready for Ravan podi on Dussehra. At least 13 Ravan effigies will be torched in the city. The celebrations will be huge at five places namely Baramunda, Nayapalli, Ganga Nagar, Jharpada and Rasulgarh. At least Rs 12 lakh will be spent on it.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik is expected to set off the celebrations at the Nayapalli puja pandal. He will also attend the Ravin Podi Utsav at Sahid Nagar. \"We have kept two effigies of Ravan and his brother Kumbhkarna stuffed with explosive materials ready. Expert cracker-makers from from Jajpur will put together the explosives that have been brought from Sivakasi,\" said Narayan Mohapatra, secretary of Sahid Nagar Puja Committee. He said the height of Ravan effigy is about 50 ft, while that of Kumbhakarna is 40 ft.The Nayapalli Ravan Podi will be a spectacular one as the height of the effigy is 60 ft, hailed to be the tallest one among all the effigies. The committee has also increased the budget for Ravan podi as there will be cracker competition, which will cost around Rs 1.5 lakh. \"We are spending about Rs 2.5 lakh. Last year it was Rs 1.5 lakh. Specialist cracker makers from Nayagarh, Balipatna, Sunakhela and Patra Pada are coming to take part in the competition\", said Nabakishor Behera, member of Nayapalli Puja Committee.He said the effigies have been mainly prepared with bamboo and straw. \"Before the main event, there will a spectacular cultural programme. We expect a gathering of about one lakh\", said Behera.Ravan podi, according to mythology, is said to be a marking the triumph of good over evil. About a decade ago, the concept of Ravan Podi was not popular in the capital city that gets lively during Durga Puja. In order to add grandeur to puja revelry, the committees felt the need to organize Ravan podi utsav, said Sikhar Chandra Jena of Jharpada Puja Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934829", "title": "Sachin Pilot grows taller after Dudu rally", "text": "JAIPUR: UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's public rally at Dudu last week highlighted the growing political stature of Union IT minister Sachin Pilot . Launching the second phase of UPA-II's ambitious national scheme, Aadhaar, from the Union minister's Lok Sabha constituency Ajmer in an election year revived the possibilities of a change in the state leadership in the days to come.Political observers believe that Pilot's prominent presence in all of Sonia's previous public assemblies in the state and now the launch of a national scheme by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh from his constituency was indicative of the Congress central leadership's future bigger plans about the young leader. The UPA-II chose his constituency also when it wanted to showcase the country's progress in using modern technology in rural governance to US president Barack Obama in 2010.The large turnout of Congress supporters at the Dudu rally on October 20 displayed the Union minister's increasing popularity. For those who wondered who could be credited for the impressive turnout at the rally, the people present in the gathering made the matter simple-among the Congress leaders who addressed the rally, Sachin got the loudest and for the maximum rounds of applauds.\"Sachin has brought so many development projects for us in past three years that we got to support him,\" said Rewat Ram, one of the participants at the rally. He recounted how 60 villages on Ajmer city's periphery were declared urban areas by the previous BJP government, resulting in loss of MGNREGS job opportunities and benefits of rural welfare schemes to the villagers. \"Sachin got our village status restored within a month,\" he said to justify his support for the Congress leader.A couple of months back, the Union minister got together the state's Meena and Gujjar communities that had become sworn enemies of each other during the violent Gujjar agitations over the increased quota demand, which flared up under the previous BJP rule. \"The communities coming together highlighted Sachin's statewide acceptance,\" said a Congress's state office-bearer.Sachin's name has figured every time there were reports about a likely change in the ruling party or the government's state leadership in the past. At a time when chief minister Gehlot and the Union minister and ex-PCC chief CP Joshi were largely seen as 'competing' with each other for the state's top job, Sachin seems to have gradually climbed up the leadership ladder, said Congress sources.A survey conducted by a private news channel recently put Sachin above Joshi and Gehlot, both, in people's choice for the state's next chief minister. Though leader of opposition and ex-chief minister Vasundhara Raje led in the survey by a huge margin, among the Congress leaders Sachin was found far ahead of Joshi and Gehlot. Congressmen pointed out that the young union minister was among the party's few national leaders left with a clean image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16941315", "title": "28 more winter special trains on Konkan Railway", "text": "MUMBAI: In addition to the 88 Winter Special Trains already announced on Konkan Railway Route recently, in co-ordination with Northern Railway, Konkan Railway has now introduced the following 28 additional AC Superfast Express Winter Special Trains between New Delhi and Madgaon for the convenience of its passengers. The trains will have halts at: Nizamuddin, Agra Cantt., Jhansi, Bhopal , Bhusaval, Nasik Road, Kalyan, Panvel, Roha, Chiplun, Ratnagiri, Kudal, Thivim and Karmali Stations. The train will have 14 coaches.With these additional train services, the total number of Winter Special Trains being run on Konkan Railway Route during winter season rises to 112.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16935303", "title": "Kasab deserves capital punishment", "text": "It is good that the government has decided to fast track Kasab's mercy petition and not leave it waiting in a queue. We are as a rule not in favour of the death penalty, but feel an exception should be made for terrorism. If anybody deserves capital punishment, Kasab surely does. We hope the president will not take long to decide on the recommendati- ons of the home ministry. India clearly needs closure on this case. Equally importantly, any delay in hanging the man will leave open the possibility of hostages being taken to demand his release. It is better to prevent such a situation arising than to figure out how to deal with it if and when it does.Related story:  Home ministry turns down Kasab's mercy plea", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "16933556", "title": "Brahmotsavams conclude in Tirumala", "text": "TIRUMALA: The Srivari Navaratri Brahmotsavams came to a close on Wednesday with the temple priests performing Chakrasnanam ritual in the presence of thousands of devotees at the Swami Pushkarini.As part of the ritual, the utsava idols which were paraded on all the nine days of the mega festival were taken out of the temple in the early hours and given the holy bath. After the bath, the utsava idols were brought back to the temple.Over five lakh pilgrims had darshan of the Lord in the last nine days while the hundi collections has totalled to nearly Rs 13 crore. Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam (TTD) officials said over 17 lakh laddus were sold.Earlier, director general of police Dinesh Reddy, accompanied by wife, offered prayers to Lord Venkateswara in the morning. He also took part in the Chakrasnanam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16934924", "title": "Fresh row: In UK, hacking claims hit media group", "text": "LONDON: Newspapers belonging to Trinity Mirror including the Daily Mirror are facing legal claims for phone hacking from four people, including former England football coach Sven Goran Eriksson and former nanny for the Beckham family, media reports on Tuesday said. The latest claims allege Mirror group journalists listened to the mobile phone messages of Eriksson, Abbie Gibson, former nanny for the Beckham family, former English football player Garry Flitcroft and actress Shobna Gulati.The claims allege \"breach of confidence and misuse of private information\" relating to the \"interception and/or misuse of mobile phone voicemail messages and/or the interception of telephone accounts\".Hacking allegations have in the past been directed at the Mirror titles, but the publisher of papers including the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and People has always strenuously denied any wrongdoing.The four claimants, represented by Mark Lewis, who also represented other celebrities and claimants in actions taken against News International , have four months to serve claims on Trinity Mirror, the Financial Times said.\"There might not still be a documentary smoking gun, but we will show there is a smoking bullet, the consequence of the actions,\" Lewis told Sky News. The filed claims allege phone hacking took place at the Daily Mirror when Piers Morgan, who edited the Daily Mirror from 1995 to 2004, was editor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939554", "title": "Lawrence leaves Rasu Madhuravan in the lurch", "text": "His directorial attempt Rebel might have failed at the BO, but post the success of Kanchana, Raghava Lawrence seems to have become choosy about his projects as an actor. The actor, who was reported to have agreed to do a film with melodrama specialist Rasu Madhuravan, has now decided to the project a skip.The actor and the director had earlier teamed up for Pandi , which did average business in the B and C centres in Tamil Nadu. However, Madhuravan's recent film Pandi Oli Perukki Nilayam , starring stunt choreographer FEFSI Vijayan's son Sabarish and Sunaina, sank without a trace and industry insiders say this has been the main factor in Lawrence's walk out.Due to this, the financiers backing the project too backed off, and now, the director has now moved to a new project Chennai To Madurai and has cast young Yuvan, who acted in Sattai , as the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16934481", "title": "Delhi Police sub inspector, sportsman killed in shootout", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three persons, including a police sub inspector (SI) and a sportsman, were killed in a shootout in Sarai Inayat area of Allahabad on Tuesday evening. The incident was said to be the fallout of an old enmity, police said. Three associates of the victims also suffered gunshot wounds and were admitted to a hospital in a critical condition.The deceased were identified as Kapil Muni - an SI of Delhi Police, Santosh Misra - a member of Handball national squad and their unidentified associate. Investigations were under way in the case.Reports said the shooting took place around 7:30pm in Katra Kokwa village of Sarai Inayat area. A group of men were reportedly standing outside a house when assailants opened indiscriminate fire at them from automatic weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16944196", "title": "Cricket South Africa adjourns AGM amid new crisis", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Cricket South Africa has postponed its Annual General Meeting (AGM), scheduled this week, by a month amid a new crisis over its alleged lack of transformation.Just as the two-year-old saga over irregular IPL 2 bonuses ended with chief executive Gerald Majola being dismissed last Friday, a new furore erupted over alleged disregard for transformation plans recommended by the Nicholson inquiry that led to the disciplinary hearing which saw Majola being kicked out.This time, former CSA president Norman Arendse is accusing CSA of having blocked him from returning as the head of a new committee of independent directors that is part of the transformation plans initiated by CSA in the wake of the Nicholson inquiry.Arendse claims that a last-minute amendment to the CSA rules precluding anyone involved in cricket within the past three years debarred him from taking up the position even though he was the first choice of the interviewing panel.Sports Minister Fikile Mbalula, who initiated the Nicholson inquiry, as well as the South African Sports and Olympics Committee (SASCOC) are reported to be unhappy about this.Arendse resigned two years ago after a vote of no confidence from provincial affiliates of CSA.\"This (postponement) has been done to bring about the necessary harmonisation between CSA's proposed governance structure, and the respective recommendation of the Nicholson Committee of Enquiry and CSA'S SASCOC membership obligations,\" CSA said in a short statement today.Mbalula had set up the Nicholson inquiry after nearly two years of wrangling within CSA over the huge IPL 2 bonuses that Majola paid himself and other CSA staff without the sanction of the board.IPL 2 was played in South Africa due to security concerns around elections at the time in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933205", "title": "Mystery fever scrub typhus cases on rise", "text": "HYDERABAD: The mystery fever scrub typhus that surfaced in the state this year is taking its toll. So far, as many as 254 cases of scrub typhus have been diagnosed in the state at the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims). The premier teaching hospital is the only facility in the state that is currently doing the 'Weil Felix and 'immunochromatography' tests that confirm the fever.While at Nims, 93 cases have been treated, and 3-4 patients have succumbed to the infection, the remaining cases have been reported at other private hospitals. Experts say that the cases diagnosed are a tip of the iceberg due to poor awareness among the public as well as the medical fraternity.The microbiology department of Nims has so far tested 704 samples from across the state and every third person's samples have tested positive for scrub typhus. A chunk of the cases are from Telangana and Rayalaseema. Scrub typhus, a mite-borne fever, is commonly reported in Tamil Nadu, Kerala and parts of Maharashtra. This is the first time the fever is being reported in such large numbers in Andhra Pradesh and doctors attribute it to deforestation.Doctors said that people are accidentally infected when they come in contact with mite-infested areas, known as mite islands. These areas have secondary scrub growth after the clearance of primary forest. The mites thrive in such areas.\"Cases are still coming. The latest case was of a 55-year-old woman from West Godavari district who had been to Basar (near Nizamabad) for a pilgrimage and probably contacted the infection. We are suspecting the numbers could be three times more. Lots of cases must have gone unnoticed,\" says Dr M V S Subbalaxmi, associate professor (infectious diseases) at Nims.According to experts, scrub typhus can manifest itself as pneumonia, encephalitis, meningitis, diarrhoea, hepatitis and thrombocytopenia. Also, they add that the Weil Felix and immunochromatography tests may not come positive in the first week. Meanwhile, one more patient died at Apollo, Jubilee Hills due to the infection. \"We have seen a small outbreak of scrub typhus recently. Most of the patients came in a critical condition. Some even came with organ failure. One person died at the hospital,\" said Dr Lavanya Nutankalva, consultant, infectious diseases, Apollo, Jubilee Hills.The infection can be clinically identified as patients often develop an eschar (a black wound) on the body. \"We need to ensure that it does not spread further to other regions,\" said Dr Subbalaxmi adding that there is no need to panic. Spraying miticides on scrub vegetation, controlling rats (that are potential carriers of the infection apart from mites) and creating awareness would go a long way in curbing the infection, say doctors. Several paediatric cases too have been reported in private children's hospitals in the city, say doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937487", "title": "Yash Chopra: Once men like him in a generation come", "text": "Close buddies of Yash Chopra , Mukesh Bhatt and Ramesh Sippy, recall fond memories of himLegendary filmmaker Yash Chopra's demise has left a void in the film industry that can't be filled. Close friends of the late director are numbed by shock and grief, and can't seem to get over their loss.After several calls and requests, we managed to speak to Mukesh Bhatt and Ramesh Sippy, both of whom were thick as thieves with the (late) Chopra. Said Bhatt, \"I knew Yash since 40 years but we became close since the last seven years when I became an active member of the Producers' Guild. Our friendship grew when owners of multiplexes started bullying us. We started calling each other even when we didn't want to talk about work. He never started the conversation without first saying, 'Mukesh, kya ek minute baat kar sakte hain ?'. He never imposed himself on anybody .\"A lesser known fact about Chopra was that he loved adventure. Said Sippy, \"Four years ago when he was 76, we were at Apollo Bunder and had to go from one boat to another via rope. He did that with extreme ease.\"Said Bhatt, \"He was 80 years young, not 80 years old. But he had a problem with youngsters in Bollywood who are turning a blind eye to issues like entertainment tax, service tax and piracy.\"Bhatt shared all his problems , professional and personal with Chopra. \"I told Yash I was very worried about my son Vishesh as he was taking a long time settling down and deciding on a script. Yash simply said, 'That's even better. Mark my words, he'll be bigger than you and your brother. My son Aditya took a lot of time before settling on the DDLJ script.' He said it so reassuringly,\" recalled Bhatt.Yash had told his friends about his next film Jab Tak Hai Jaan . \"I think that movie is going to be the biggest blockbuster ever,\" said Sippy. Isn't Jab Tak Hai Jaan going to face competition from Son of Sardar that is releasing on the same day? Bhatt opined, \"I think Ajay Devgn should move his film from the same date, Nov 13. When a legend speaks, you need to give him space. We must stand together on Jab Tak Hai Jaan , instead of trying to prove an individual and personal point.\" What are his best films according to them? Informed Sippy, \"He spoke very highly of Waqt and Ittefaq \".Both Sippy and Bhatt agree that had Chopra not been so receptive toward the constant changes in technology, he wouldn't have been able to take YRF to the dizzying heights it has achieved today.According to Bhatt, who is visits Vaishnodevi every Ashtami: \"This time I think mata knew what was coming, and she wanted me to be in Mumbai and not at Vaishnodevi. She wanted me to salute my friend as he left the world of the living.\" Said Sippy, \"They don't make men like him anymore. They come once in a generation. There will never be another Yash Chopra.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16935606", "title": "A jab to give women orgasms", "text": "LONDON: It's a sexual quest that has frustrated couples for decades , and as a result many people don't even believe that the G-Spot actually exists. But now help is at hand and the sex lives of couples worldwide could be enhanced dramatically \u2014 thanks to a single jab.The revolutionary new G-Shot injection is a surgical procedure, which claims to improve women's sex lives by pumping filler into her G-spot . The collagen jab temporarily increases the G-spot's size to that of a 10 pence coin. The lunchtime procedure involves an injection given under local anesthetic and can be completed in just half an hour. It is certainly proving a hit in Los Angeles where women are rushing to the Vaginal Rejuvenation Institute of America for their fix. Gynaecologist and surgeon Dr David Matlock who works at the clinic even organises monthly sessions where women tempted by the G-shot can come down and discuss the procedure. \"I want to empower and educate, and for women to be in tune with themselves ,\" the 'Daily Mail' quoted him as telling Fabulous magazine . \"Why is it so difficult to accept ? Because it's not something like your nose that you can point to that you can see or feel,\" he said.More than 2,000 women have undergone the procedure at his clinic since it launched five years ago. And although women have been flying over to the states to experience the latest treatment, it is also increasingly becoming available in the UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16935465", "title": "Rain plays devil with Ramleela", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When crowds began to swell at Ramleela 'pandals' in the city on Tuesday evening, drawn by the tall effigies of Ravana, rain played havoc with the plans of the organizers.Clouds that had been hovering over the city since afternoon began to pour at 10pm, drenching the effigies and forcing audience as well as artists at Ramleela venues to run for shelter.While predicting partly cloudy skies, the meteorological department was not sure whether it would rain on Wednesday. It has, however, forecast rain or thunder-showers at isolated places in the region.Meanwhile, most of the Ramleela organizers put up a brave front and hoped that the effigies would dry up during the day and the Dussehra celebrations would be on track. There were a lucky few who did not set up the effigies. \"We did not install the effigies on seeing the clouds. We have covered these for the night. At all the venues, crackers are usually added some time before the effigies are burnt,\" said Ashwani Sharma, an artist of Ramleela being staged in Sector 17 parade ground.On the rain affecting the epic presentation, he said, \"The Ramleela was cut short... we will complete the remaining scenes on Wednesday.\" \"It did not rain heavily. Though Ramleela was disrupted for sometime, we hope the effigies will do the same magic as these did last year. The only fear is: these are made of soft paper and heavy showers can melt away an effigy in minutes,\" said Amrik, an organizer at Sector 46.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934703", "title": "Youth killed in Vejalpur hit-and-run", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An 18-year-old boy was run over by a dumper in Vejalpur on Monday. The driver of the dumper ran away after the accident. Police said Rakesh Dantani, a resident of Chandranagar, was crossing the Vejalpur main road at 7.15 pm when the driver lost control of his dumper and rammed it into Dantani, who died in a hospital later. tnnThe boy was rushed to a nearby hospital. He was declared dead after a brief treatment. \"We have started searching for the driver on the basis of a complaint filed by Dantani's brother Ravi,\" said an Anandnagar police station official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16935981", "title": "Punjab Congress chief, director-general of police in war of words over abduction row of minor in Faridkot", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab DGP Sumedh Singh Saini and state Congress chief Amarinder Singh on Tuesday engaged in a war of words after the latter asked him to \"stop behaving like an Akali politician\" over the recent abduction row of a 15-year-old girl in Faridkot.The salvos between the two began when Amarinder, while reacting to Saini's swipe at the Opposition for creating a hype over the abduction, dubbed the delay in nabbing accused a police failure. In a personal attack on Saini, the former CM said: \"Mind your own business and don't mess up with politics.\"Later in the evening, Saini, in a strongly worded official letter, shot back at Capt, saying, \"It is definitely my business if facts are deliberately distorted and the issue of a minor girl is used to further personal interests, resulting in hindrance to investigation.\"In his 500-word missive, Saini took pot-shots at Amarinder asking him to \"leave policing and investigation to the police and devote his time to his own business, if he can\".Nearly a month after the teenager and her abductor were traced to Goa, a row had erupted on Monday after the top cop said the girl had eloped with the accused Nishan Singh on September 24. Congress had dubbed the DGP's statement a cover-up exercise on behalf of the Akali Dal government for its callousness to trace a minor who had allegedly been raped.In an embarrassment for the Punjab police, three cops from Faridkot had to be transferred after the minor's photographs were released to media on October 8. Saini, however, lashed at Amarinder for \"maligning\" the minor girl and attempting to make the issue a \"public spectacle\".\"A DIG and an SSP were transferred because of insensitivity in dealing with the matter which is not a small administrative step. Perhaps Capt Singh should look at the blatant manner in which he repeatedly maligned the name of a minor girl and attempted to make the issue into a virtual public spectacle\".\"So far as the investigation is concerned, it has been carried out in a professional manner. Accused have been arrested from places as far as UP and Goa and the girl has been safely recovered. Strict action has been taken against the accused and the investigation will be taken to its logical conclusion,\" Saini said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934203", "title": "Costly power forces Vidarbha industries to seek open access", "text": "NAGPUR: Fed up with steep hike in power tariff every year, industrialists from Vidarbha under the banner of Chamber of Small Industries Association ( COSIA) and electricity consumers and industrial organizations state-level co-ordination committee are pressing the state government for permitting open access that would allow them to buy power from any source, not just state-run MSEDCL. The industrialists have decided to shut down their plants for a day on October 25 to press for the demand and condemn the high power tariff.Calling it a major setback for not only the industries but also common man, power expert RB Goenka told TOI that the power tariff was hiked by 40% in August for this financial year. \"Maharashtra electricity regulatory commission (MERC) approved annual revenue requirement of Rs 48,926 crore to MSEDCL as against the latter's petition for Rs 50,750 crore. The tariff hike was shown as 16.48%. The comparison between the new and old tariff makes it clear that the tariff hike was actually 40%. Now, MSEDCL has filed a review petition with the MERC and an appeal with Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (ATE) seeking approval of additional amount of around Rs 800 crore. The power tariff will go up again if these petitions are approved,\" he said.Goenka added that the tariff for industries in the State was the highest in the entire country. \"Tariff for HT consumers in the month of September bill stood at Rs 8.50 per unit. The tariff in neighboring states ranges between Rs 4.50 per unit to Rs 5 per unit. The tariff in Chhattisgarh is only Rs 4.70 per unit. Many industries in the state are facing closure for this reason. Open access is the only option with the industries. The government should allow industries to buy power from power exchanges, private power producers and also traders. Besides, government should also rope in power distribution licensees to bring in competition in power sector which would rein in power tariff,\" he said.President of Maharashtra Rajya Veej Grahak Sanghatna, Pratap Hogade told TOI that the common man is paying for state power utilities' inefficiency. \"Two major reasons behind consistent hike in power tariff is low power generation by Mahagenco and high power distribution losses of MSEDCL. The government should allow necessary subsidies and concessions in duty tax etc to bring down the power tariff,\" he said.Hogade added that the industrialists from Vidarbha will shut down their plants on August 25 and submit a memorandum to the Government. \"Other consumers like residential and commercial should join the movement and pressure the Government to reduce power tariff,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933704", "title": "Squall hits traffic, more jams today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Massive jams were reported from many areas on Tuesday evening after a brief squall enveloped the city, followed by heavy rain. Vehicles crawled on waterlogged roads in south Delhi and other places. More congestion is expected on Dussehra because of Ramlila and Durga Puja processions.Office goers took longer to reach home on Monday evening as vehicular movement was affected at major intersections. Traffic cops advised commuters to avoid Outer Ring Road stretches near CR Park and Greater Kailash due to the large number of devotees visiting these areas. Jams lasting three hours were reported from East of Kailash, Kailash Colony, towards Modi Mill, Ashram, CR Park, Greater Kailash and Mool Chand in south Delhi. Even Nigambodh Ghat area, ISBT, Karol Bagh and New Delhi railway station area witnessed snarls.On Wednesday, traffic congestion is expected around Red Fort grounds, Parade grounds, near Old Delhi Railway Station, Wazirabad Sur Ghat, Chhath Puja Ghat at IP Estate and the eastern side of Yamuna pustas and thokars. \"Several traffic diversions will be in place when the processions are heading towards Yamuna ghats,\" said JCP (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Shri Ram Lila Committee of Ramlila Maidan will start the procession around 4pm from Ram Mandir at Ramchandra Dehlvi Marg to Ramlila ground via Dariba Kalan, Gurdwara Sisganj, Chandni Chowk Nai Sarak, Chawri Bazar, Ajmeri Gate and Asaf Ali Road. The Joint Durga Puja Procession Committee of Kali Bari Mandir will take idols for immersion to Qudsia Ghat on the Yamuna near Kashmere Gate ISBT. The procession will pass through places in central Delhi.Processions from CR Park, RK Puram, GK-II and other south Delhi colonies will assemble at Nehru Place and move towards Kalindi Kunj via CR Park, Okhla flyover, Mathura Road, Apollo Hospital and Sarita Vihar. Other vehicles will not be allowed to use Netaji Subhash Marg, Nishad Raj Marg, JLN Marg and Turkman Gate during this time, said cops.\"No goods vehicles will be permitted to ply on Ring Road between Wazirabad and Nizamuddin Bridge from 11am to 10pm,\" said Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934235", "title": "Nagpur University counsel Kulkarni resigns citing 'busy schedule'", "text": "NAGPUR: After representing Nagpur University for over a decade in various courts, Nagpur University's legal counsel Bhanudas Kulkarni tendered his resignation to VC Vilas Sapkal citing a \"busy schedule\". The lawyer confirmed the development to the media, but refused to speak further. This is the second time he has submitted his papers.Though the VC is yet to take a decision on this, senior NU officials said that Kulkarni was fed up with the numerous queries related to his appointment by the Senate members, particularly by Samir Kene. Even case filed against him by Kohchade scam convict Sunil Mishra in the high court were also cited as a reason for his resignation.The final nail in the coffin came after Kene again submitted a query on Kulkarni for the forthcoming Senate meeting on November 3. During last meet in March, Senate was rocked by this issue with members accusing VC of protecting Kulkarni. Kene had sought information on whether any court had passed strictures against legal counsel.However, management council (MC) dropped the question inviting the wrath of Senate members. Kene had also asked the VC to explain whether they knew that Kulkarni had been expelled by MHADA from their panel of lawyers after serious allegations. Kene levelled serious allegations against Kulkarni and termed the dropping of a query against him as a \"big conspiracy to save him by vested interests\". He had dispatched a letter to chancellor K Sankaranarayanan in this regard, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16935259", "title": "Odia man honoured for 'foolproof' payment system", "text": "SAMBALPUR: An Odia man was honoured by the Centre for devising an Aadhaar-based system for payments under different welfare schemes.The system is unique as it would do away with repetition of payments because fingerprint authentication of the beneficiary is mandatory.Abhaya Hota of Sambalpur received the award from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at a function in Rajasthan recently. Hota after a career in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) became the managing director and chief executive officer of National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI). RBI had set up the NPCI, an umbrella institution, to clear and settle all inter-bank transactions in ATM transactions, mobile payments and card payments.Under Hota's leadership, NPCI devised the Aadhar-based system.\"During the last two years Hota and his colleagues have been closely working with Nandan Nilekani and Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) in use of Aadhar number for making payments under various government schemes like MGNREGA, old-age pension and scholarships. He received the award on the eve of second anniversary of UIDAI,\" his brother Giridhari Hota said.The award was instituted by UIDAI to encourage persons responsible for making Aadhaar useful in public service delivery. Besides Hota, five other persons from across the country were also honoured.\"I am proud of bringing laurels to Odisha,\" Abhaya said. \"My company is acting as a gateway to all types of Aadhaar-based payments...\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934251", "title": "Crescendo to celebrate Nagpur's status as Tiger Capital", "text": "NAGPUR: The annual inter collegiate festival of Tirpude Institute of Management Education - Crescendo - is set to kick-start on October 25 and its theme is 'Reclaim your wild side - Stripe up!' \"Our main aim to choose the theme for this year's Crescendo was to celebrate Nagpur's status as the Tiger Capital of the country,\" said Nipam Patni, who is heading Crescendo this year.A range of competitions have been planned for the four day event, many of which will incorporate the theme. The competitions range from ad making, personality, antakshari, blind date, band event and fashion show to cricket, volleyball, kabaddi and carrom championships.Crescendo has been one of Nagpur's most celebrated intercollegiate festivals. \"There are a host of events and we ourselves do not participate in any of the competitions to ensure transparent and credible results of the competition,\" said Patni.The popularity of the festival can be gauged by the number of entries the organizing team is getting for each event. \"People are participating in huge numbers. We have got 100 teams for cricket. Because of this we have to start the elimination rounds a day before the formal inauguration of the festival,\" Patni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16935218", "title": "Special puja treat for booklovers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The festival of Durga Puja is not just a treat for the senses. It is also a feast for the mind as, every year, bibliophiles all over the state eagerly await the release of special puja editions of numerous vernacular magazines during the festive season.This year, too, about 72 puja-special magazines - with fiction and non-fiction works of popular writers and attractive covers - have hit the stands and bookstores here. Another 25 issues are awaiting release in the next couple of days.Enthusiasts of Odia literature have also done their bit in not disappointed the publishers. Booklovers have thronged magazine shops all over to grab a copy of their favourite puja-special publications and the increased readership has left the writers happy and contented.\"Puja has a special connection with literature and books. Though it is a Bengali trend, puja-special editions have become popular in Odisha for several years now. Even the writers prefer to get their best creations published during this time of the year as they get more readers for their works,\" Gayatribala Panda, writer and editor of 'Anya', said.Panda, who recently won the award for young writer from Central Sahitya Akademi, said the major attraction of 'Anya's puja issue is the translations and interviews of all Akademi award-winning writers. \"Besides, we also featured the works of four painter-cum-writers in our special issue, which we hope will be appreciated by the readers,\" added Panda.Ashok Mohanty, the editor of 'Paschima', believes another major reason for large-scale publication of special issues during this time is the release of funds by advertisers. \"Most of the advertisers give ads for the puja edition, so the festive season is also good news from the point of view of revenue,\" said Mohanty. \"It's not true that readership of literary magazines has reduced over the years. The sale of so many magazines indicates that people are still buying and reading books.\"He said the puja edition of 'Paschima' contains 12 features on various topics along with stories and poems. \"Along with literary works, features are also popular for their presentation and news value.\"\"Nearly 30,000 pages of literature being released in one week is a great thing for Odia literature. But what is important is how much variety, in terms of content, these magazines are offering,\" opined writer Kedar Mishra.The other popular magazines include 'Jhankara', 'Pourusha', 'Amrutayana', 'Paschima', 'Sachitra Bijaya', 'Gokarnika', 'Nabarabi', 'Ananya', 'Kadambini', 'Samaroha', 'Sailaja', 'Bedabyasa', 'Akhyansha', 'Samna', 'Niyati', 'Sabitri', 'Kalinga Prabha', 'Sudhanya', 'Nababita', 'Bartika', 'Praga', 'Arpita', 'Akhyara', 'Biswamukti', and 'Sulgna'. The price of the magazines ranges between Rs 10 and Rs 100.\"Puja editions are widely read and I have been loving to write for these special issues for the last 30 years. This year my poems have also been published in several magazines. I somehow feel connected with the Goddess while writing for the puja editions,\" said author Pratibha Satpathy.Readers also expressed their admiration for these publications. \"I am a bookworm and love I Oriya literature. The puja editions publish quite a few good articles by some of the well-known Oriya writers. These magazines are definitely good read and I collect puja editions of popular books for future reading,\" said Srabani Kar, a housewife.\"Special editions of puja magazines have been in vogue since the fifties when only a handful of magazines were published in the state. Later, more publishers started releasing their books during the Dussehra. Now many magazines are releasing only puja editions for better sale and readability,\" said 72-year-old Narayan Sahu.Nabakishore Mishra, the editor of 'Brtika' - a 27-year-old quarterly magazine, whose puja edition comprises 1522 pages including seven novels, nearly 100 short stories, over 200 poems and several fictions, also echoed the profitability of the issues. \"Unlike other issues, all books of the special editions are sold out immediately. We also offer the readers selected and good-quality writings in the special editions.\"\"Puja editions of magazines are sold out like hotcakes. Many of these magazines do not publish regularly so people buy these special editions. The sale increases 100 per cent during the festival,\" Tapan Book Store's Tapan Kumar Mishra remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16935372", "title": "Fasting dalits call off hunger strike", "text": "RAJKOT: The 11 fasting dalits, including parents of youths killed in police firing in Thangadh, have called off their protest following assurance from the government authorities. The dalits had been sitting on a fast-unto-death in Surendranagar since October 16, demanding immediate arrest of the cops accused of killing three youths from the community last month.On Tuesday, district collector of Surendranagar Pradeep Shah offered juice to agitators in the presence of other government officials at the venue of the fast outside his office premises to signal the end of their protest.\"We have been given an assurance that our demand will be met soon. We have put our faith in the officials.. We will wait for a while and in case they do not take action against the accused, we will revive our agitation,\" dalit leader B G Parmar said.The dalits have been demanding the arrest of four police personnel against whom CID (Crime) has registered a case of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16934978", "title": "All set to celebrate IIM-Indore,Satyam Oil Company", "text": "INDORE: City seems all ready to celebrate the occasion of Vijayadashami. Effigies as tall as 111-ft of the demon King Ravan are dotting various places these days.\"Among other attractions, we will have a gigantic Ravan effigy at Chaoni, a jhanki staging Tadka-Vadh, a depict from Ramayan, and a tableau of Lanka. The whole programme will also symbolize Hindu-Muslim unity in our area as many Muslims have donated generously for this occasion,\" said a member of Boyat Shri Mitramandal, at Chaoni Dinesh Bairagi.\"We have been organizing Ravan Dahan for the past 26 years. This year the effigy will be symbolizing mehangaai. The effigies, jhankis and firecracker shows would not cost us less than Rs 1 lakh, said convener Vijaynagar Ravan Dahan Samiti, Munnalal Yadav.\"The firecracker show would last for three hours. We have also organized a kavi sammelan on the occasion,\" he added.The Dussehra Maidan Ravan Dahan Samiti has been celebrating Vijaydashami for last 44 years.\"We have kept a 111ft long effigy of raven to be burnt on the occasion, apart from a replica of Lanka. Bhajan sandhya would also be held on the occasion,\" said one of the samiti members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16934672", "title": "Panels to identify private forest area: Government to high court", "text": "PANAJI: The state government on Tuesday informed the high court of Bombay at Goa that it had issued a notification appointing two committees to identify balance areas of private forests in the state that have not been already identified by the earlier Sawant and Karapurkar committees.On October 15, advocate general Atmaram Nadkarni placed before the division bench comprising Justice S J Vazifdar and Justice F M the notification of the forest department.Vide the notification, the state government had appointed V P Thomas as chairman of the North Goa forest division committee and Francisco Araujo as the chairman of the South Goa forest division committee, both ex-forest officers.The committees have been assigned the task of locating private forests in the state, that have 75% or more tree cover and 0.4% or more canopy density.The case pertains to a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by Goa Foundation pointing out illegal encroachments in private forest areas.The state government has also placed before the high court a copy of the newly formulated policy for streamlining water sports operations along the states coastline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938186", "title": "Russell Crowe breaks silence after marriage split", "text": "Russell Crowe , who recently separated from his wife of nine year Danielle Spencer , has thanked a fan for her support in the wake of his marriage split and revealed his pain over his time apart from his sons.The 48-year-old actor did not speak about the split until a kind tweet from a fan prompted a response.The fan named Sarah tweeted \"Heard about your separation today. I said a prayer for you and your family.\"\"Hey Sarah, that was very kind of you. Thank you for your thoughts,\" the Sun quoted Crowe as tweeting.The 'Gladiator' star also revealed his pain at missing his sons, when he re-tweeted another post.\"This morning I'm sending out positive connective energy to any dads who are separated from the kids they love,\" he tweeted.He also hit out at \"haters\" who posted on his Twitter accounts.\"Hey haters..Every min u are harrassing me is another min u are distracted from spewing hate at people who are less resolute. Haha,God bless,\" he tweeted.The estranged couple met 22 years ago on the set of 'The Crossing' and got married in a chapel on their farm in Australia in 2003.Crowe's filming schedules and time away from the marital home is thought to have caused the split.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16934087", "title": "Mediation centre: From distress to de-stress", "text": "KANPUR: Mediation centre at the court here plays a significant role in resolving matrimonial disputes. Courts and police stations are referring cases to the centre with the hope to reunite estranged couples. Individuals are approaching the mediation centre by their own initiative too.The centre is receiving cases related to the Negotiable Instrument Act and civil litigation too, in charge Rekha Agnihotri informed. But most of the cases are of matrimonial disputes, she added.Kanpur mediation centre receives a good number of cases from police stations and in most cases, the couples were reunited.The centre's unique achievement, adds Agnihotri, was the online dispute settlement between a couple, in which the husband was in US and the wife in India and there was no communication between them. The wife had lodged a complaint with the police and had latter referred the matter to the centre. Mediation efforts paid dividends and husband assured he would visit in December and take her with him.Replying to the question of how a police station sends a matrimonial case directly to the centre, the in charge said Supreme Court as well as high court had a clear view on matrimonial disputes.The Allahabad High Court had issued guidelines and police was complying with that order.The high court had observed in a writ petition that when a complainant approached the police station or lower courts concerned with complaint about harassment or violence against a woman by her husband the courts and police should first make an effort for reconciliation between the parties directing them to appear before mediation center.Mediator Shivendra Pandey says the mediation centre manages to bring both parties to an amicable solution in most of the cases.\"The basic idea behind mediation is to open a way of communication that was blocked after differences crept in. So here we try to open the channel of communication between the parties and ask them to sit across the table and talk.Talking to TOI, he said the centre had so far received 1,367 cases by August 2012 and 1,079 of them had been disposed of. \"Though success rate is low, it is encouraging nevertheless,\" he added. Efforts in as many as 275 cases proved successful. \"When a couple goes back together, we feel happy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16935410", "title": "Communal amity has deeper roots in our soil than communal tensions", "text": "Over the last couple of decades, many have despaired at the rise of communal and fundamentalist elements in more than one community. It is easy in that context to feel that all hope is lost and we are destined to live as a divided society. Yet, examples of this kind of intermingling between communities abound in India. People of one community being intrinsically linked with the religious festivals of others, people of different faiths praying at the same shrine, singers of one community excelling in devotional songs of the other, these are all so routine that we take them for granted. Perhaps that is why we fail to notice that even today communal amity has deeper roots in our soil than communal tensions.Related story: Promoting Hindu-Muslim unity through garba", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934823", "title": "Cong fixes targets for its leaders for the FDI rally in Delhi", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) has set a target of one lakh supporters' participation from the state for the rally scheduled in New Delhi on November 4 to support the FDI in multi-brand retail.The PCC has given individual targets to the party legislators and the office-bearers to ensure maximum participation from the state. Sources said the leaders could even be judged for their claims for the party tickets in upcoming assembly elections on the basis of supporters they get for the rally, which has been organised to counter the opposition's offensive against Congress-led Centre's government decision to allow 100% FDI in retail.Congress state president Chandrabhan presided over a meeting on the issue at PCC on Tuesday. Heads of the party's four frontal organisations who participated in the meeting were told to bring at least 5000 supporters each for the rally. The public turnout at the rally at Dudu on October 20 where Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi were present has given the party a feel of the support it was capable of generating for the Delhi rally.Even as the ruling party has given equal targets to its legislators and leaders in all 200 assembly constituencies in the state, Congress leaders in constituencies closer to Delhi would be bearing the maximum pressure for practical reasons. The party has called a meeting of all its district and block-level office-bearers at the PCC on October 29 to take stock of the preparations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16935633", "title": "Focus on Virbhadra may derail Congress campaign", "text": "NEW DELHI: Having arm-twisted the Congress for projection as chief minister, Virbhadra Singh finds himself in the eye of a corruption storm with the party wondering how it will play out in the tiny hill state with just 68 assembly seats.The continued domination of the corruption issue in the campaign \u2014 starting with Singh's resignation from the Union Cabinet over a graft case and alleged payoffs by a steel magnate \u2014 threatens to turn the face of the Congress's campaign into a handicap.It marks a big departure over last month when Virbhadra Singh forced Congress to hand him the reins of the state unit. His threat to break away left little option for the party since he is the only pan-state leader. Consequently, ticket distribution, too, tilted to the veteran's side. The allegations putting a question mark on the Congress's mascot have raised anxiety levels.Though a small state, Himachal has outgrown its political importance in view of its criticality in the Congress calculus. Gujarat not being its forte, AICC estimates that victory in Himachal can help counter the rival assault by arguing that Narendra Modi's turf was a \"special case\".A defeat in Himachal could prove debilitating for the Congress. It would compound the negative sentiment seen in Congress's recent decimation in Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Goa, while helping the BJP amplify its campaign against \"UPA's corruption\".Congress managers are putting up a brave front, arguing that corruption by the Prem Kumar Dhumal government was far too visible to voters for them to be swayed by charges pertaining to I-T department's suspicion of payoffs from corporates to Virbhadra Singh.However, the sudden barrage against Congress senior leader Virbhadra Singh caught the party unawares. While it points to meticulous planning by BJP, waiting as it was for the rival to give in to Singh's arm-twisting, Congress has not come up with anything sensational. AICC spokesman Sandeep Dikshit said, \"There is more politics than substance in these allegations, just look at the timing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16936102", "title": "Women\u2019s property rights tied to suicides", "text": "MUMBAI: Has the amendment to the Hindu Succession Act conferring equal rights over property to daughters shattered the peace at home? A study put together by an American and a Canadian university not only arrives at this conclusion but goes one step further and draws a co-relation between the Act being changed in 2005 and a subsequent rise in suicides.The paper, called 'Suicide and Property Rights in India', co-authored by Siwan Anderson and Garance Genicot from the University of British Columbia and Georgetown University , states that marital conflict has become a major concern and \"greater female autonomy could lead to increased conflict within the household and, in extreme cases, to higher suicide rates among both men and women\". It states unequivocally: \"Improving female property rights have raised both female and male suicides, even more so among the latter.\"The paper's bizarre conclusions have caused a stir in academic circles, with women's organizations particularly shocked at this narrow, even misogynist, view. \"This kind of 'research' is damaging and patriarchal,\" says women's rights activist Farida Lambay. \"India, the world must know, is moving towards becoming a more inclusive and equitable society.\" Advocate Flavia Agnes dismisses the study as \"ridiculous\". \"In my 20 years of practice, I have come across brothers fighting with brothers over property but not with sisters,\" she says. \"Such a study is not looking into the details of suicides. Data can be manipulated in any way.\"The authors, on their part, are at pains to clarify that they are not suggesting that gender equality be reduced but that India should learn a thing or two from the accounts of industrialized countries. \"The dire consequence of increased opportunities for women can be mitigated only when societal institutions adjust and there is a greater acceptance of the new gender roles,\" says the study.The two researchers, who developed a statistical model by examining suicide data before and after the amendment to the Hindu Succession Act, conclude: \"(Looking at) the fact that male and female suicides are caused by family problems, and (that) marital disharmony has increased with the amendment, we conjecture that increasing female property rights have increased conflict within households and that this increased conflict has resulted in more suicides among both men and women.\"The paper further states, \"It might be that conflict between brothers and sisters , not husbands and wives, increased as a result of the reforms. This would not change the way we think about this theoretically, as we can use the above framework to model bargaining between a sister and a brother over assets.\"Since 1956, some states have amended the Hindu Succession Act so that both sons and daughters have a right to joint family property (Kerala in 1976; Andhra Pradesh in 1986; Tamil Nadu in 1989; Maharashtra and Karnataka in 1994). The researchers found that their statement held true and the suicide rate among men went up after the Act was amended. In India, average suicide rates are 11 and 7.3 (per 100,000) for men and women respectively.TISS director S Parasuraman, who has studied the research paper, says that the study diverts attention from the real causes behind suicide. \"This study is not an empirical one which studies the causes of suicide \u2014 it merely takes data from various sources, each variable pertaining to a different reference period. Such an analysis is mathematically problematic and the associations can often be spurious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938462", "title": "Shubha Phutela no more", "text": "Shubha Phutela, the cute looking actress of Tamil cinema 'Maalai Pozhudhin Mayakathilaey', died in Bangalore on Monday. She was chosen to play lead in Kannada film 'Jai Bajarangbali' directed by Ravi Varma which had Ajay Rao as the hero. Shubha had agreed to do the film and had even agreed to participate in the photo shoot. But in the last minute she withdrew from the film for unknown reasons.It looks that she was suffering from a kidney ailment which the entire family was aware of. Shubha Phutela just wanted to lead a productive life and was undeterred by the health problems. However this was not known to many others till her death yesterday in Bengaluru.Shubha Phutela had a kidney problem followed by jaundice which took a toll and she was in a coma for the last few days.It's a huge loss to the film industry. But she will always be remembered for her roles.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934333", "title": "Azad Maidan riot: 3 get bail, cops get court rap", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday granted bail to three accused in the Azad Maidan violence case\u2014the first to get bail on merits. In a major setback to the Mumbai police, the court also questioned charging the three alleged rioters for murder. \"Though the case relates to riots and huge destruction of public property, prima facie the charge of murder and attempt to murder seems without basis,\" said Justice Abhay Thipsay. The judge ordered that the trio \u2014 Amin Chaudhari, Nazar Siddique and an SYJC student Omair Ansari \u2014 who who have spent over 70 days in prison be released on a bail of Rs 30,000 each. The court has also given them a month's time to produce two sureties of Rs 15,000 each.Chaudhari, Nazar Siddique, who suffered a gun shot wound, and Ansari claimed that they were not part of the mob, but were passersby who were hauled up by the police.Additional public prosecutor Usha Kejriwal opposed granting bail to the accused, saying the police was yet to carry a test identification parade of the accused. The court, however, said that the police had been given time to carry out the identification parade earlier, but they had failed to do so. The court has scheduled the bail application of another accused Akbar Khan for hearing on October 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934081", "title": "Organ failure, dengue caused Chopra\u2019s death", "text": "MUMBAI: The death certificate of filmmaker Yash Chopra revealed pneumonia, dengue along with multiple-organ failure as the reasons for his demise. This has prompted the BMC to approach a committee formed by the state government to ascertain the cause of his death. The BMC has asked the death declaration committee to tell them under which cause Chopra's death should be registered. According to the civic body's data, of the 702 cases of dengue registered from January to October, three people have died till date. Chopra's death has not been included in the toll yet.The committee comprises experts who meet regularly and decide on the reasons of death in complicated cases.After doubts were raised over the exact cause of death, the civic body sent a notice to Lilavati Hospital asking them to give a report. \"The death committee will be summoned soon to decide the reason of Chopra's death. After experts will scrutinize the reasons for his demise, the cause of death will be announced,\" said additional municipal commissioner M M Adtani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937903", "title": "Overjoyed to be joined with my soul mate: Lisa Ray", "text": "It's been quite a long bumpy but finally exhilarating journey to wedded bliss for Lisa Ray. At age 40, on October 20 in a ceremony in the picturesque Napa Valley Lisa Ray became Mrs Jason Dehni.Hours after the ceremony Lisa spoke to us as she raced away from civilization for a brief honeymoon. Said the ecstatic bride, \"We are overjoyed. This wedding exceeded all our expectations. I am overjoyed to be joined with my soul mate Jason.\"The wedding celebrations left the lovely Lisa exhausted and exhilarated. Said the radiant bride, \"The wedding went on during the entire weekend. The theme was love. We celebrated the Revival of Love.\"Lisa says the wedding was a time to count her blessings. \"Besides sealing our love and union in front of our beloved friends and family, this weekend in sheer paradise showed how one can bounce back into life after facing tough challenges. Now we the newly-minted couple are off to Bora Bora. Lost to humanity for a while.\"Added Lisa's significant other Jason Dehni, \"I feel blessed to have married my soul mate. I am deeply in love with Lisa. It was a magical wedding weekend. We're now en route to Bora Bora for our honeymoon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16934186", "title": "Industries to stop work to protest power tariff hike", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Small and medium scale industries in the state have decided to stop paying electricity bill from October 25 to protest the hike in power tariff. The industries will stop paying the bill even if MSEDCL cuts their power connection, said Madhusudan Roongta, president of Chandrapur MIDC industries association.Chamber of Small Industries Association (COSIA), Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA), Federation of Industries Associations of Vidarbha ( FIAV) have collectively called statewide bandh on October 25 to protest the hike in power tariff. All small and medium scale industries will stop their production between 8am and 6pm during the bandh to flay 40% hike in power tariff.Roongta claimed that if government does not revoke the hike in power tariff even after the bandh, no industries will pay their electricity bills. \"Industries will not pay electricity bills, which runs into several crores, to intensify pressure on the government. No industry will give-in even if MSEDCL snaps our electricity connections,\" he said in a press conference.\"Though we will emulate Kejriwal's agitation in Delhi by not paying the electric bills, but will not attempt to reconnect the power supply disconnected by MSEDCL on our own,\" he clarified.Over 8000 workers working in these industries will get day long layoff following the bandh, Roongta claimed. \"40% hike in electricity charges will drastically affect the industries in the state in the competitive market. Maharashtra's power is costlier by more than Rs2.50 per unit compared to that of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Chhattisgarh, Goa and Gujrat,\" he said.He claimed that industries that were to come up in Chandrapur, have moved to the neighbouring Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh, following hike in power charges. \"Chandrapur has 7 power plants in 15km circumference of city. The district will be generating 8000MW power by 2014. People here suffer from intense pollution from power plants, but get no concession,\" he lamented. Roongta demanded power at Rs4 per unit for industries in Chandrapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16934476", "title": "Durga puja: Profitable time for artisans of West Bengal", "text": "VARANASI: While the city known as permanent abode of Lord Shiva had earned fame of converting into mini-Bengal during Shardiya Navaratra festival several years back, the possibility of good earning during this festival season in the region has increased the attraction for artistes and artisans from West Bengal districts.Over 500 dhak artists only from Bankura district of WB have arrived in the city to entertain devotees and enrich Bengali colours in the nine-day festivity of Shardiya Navaratra.Apart from having been associated with the city since the time when Durga puja started progressing in the city, the artists also believe that the place is perfect for them to earn good money as compared to other places.\"We perform in group of four and after spending nine days here, each person earns around Rs 15,000 to Rs 20,000,\" informed Mithun, a dhak artist who further stated that although their major clients are puja committees and sporting clubs, their earnings often get doubled when they are contacted for performances in clubs, educational institutions and other organizations, which often organise Devi Jagran, Dandiya night and other cultural programmes on the occasion of Ashtami and Navami.\"We are associated with the city for last 60 years when there were only few puja pandals mainly installed by Bengali families. To enrich the festival with Bengali touch, we were called from West Bengal. The Durga puja celebrations is getting grand in the city year by year and starting from installing to immersion of idols, dhaki players are required to add flavours to the festivity,\" informed Jagat Dada, another dhaki artist.The performance of the dhak artists starts when the troops of puja organizers go to purchase idols.\"Thereafter, we perform on regular basis after the religious rituals are offered to the deity in evening till the ritual of immersion as per Bengali culture. Earlier, most of our clients were only Bengali families dwelling in Sonarpura, Kedar ghat, Bhelupur, Shivala, Pandey Haveli, Luxa but now almost all puja committees call us,\" informed Jagat.Infact, the emerging trend of grand scale puja celebrations in other cities has also attracted these dhak artists. According to Jagat, some of his fellowmen are also visiting Gorakhpur, Allahabad, Jaunpur, Ghazipur and other near by cities on special invitation by puja committees in those cities.The Durga puja celebrations in city has reached to such an extent that it has diminished distance between the states as far as artists for making puja pandals are also concerned. Decorators and pandal artists from West Bengal find it lucrative to make a profit. While the electric light decorators are mostly from Chandan Nagar in West Bengal, pandal artists come from Kolkata and its near by areas.\"In Kolkata and other cities of West Bengal, lakhs of puja pandals are installed and there are several artists in the region and labour cost is cheaper. At the same time, Varanasi lacks many artists for making designer puja pandals while there is huge competition among puja committees, this results good earning of around Rs 400 to Rs 600 per day depending upon the client and contractors,\" informed, Mudit, a native of Chandan Nagar, West Bengal.Rajan Jaiswal, a puja committee member at Jaitpura area said, \"We have five to six fixed artisans from West Bengal who hire more artisans and decorate the pandal on regular basis. This year, the puja pandal was prepared by around 45 such artisans who were mostly from Kolkata and its adjoining areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16940921", "title": "Fans can make Indian GP most exciting race, says Lewis Hamilton", "text": "NEW DELHI: Drivers run the show but it's the fans who make a Formula One race special and the Indian Grand Prix can become one of the most exciting races on the calendar if the home fans support the event, outgoing McLaren star Lewis Hamilton said on Wednesday.Close to one lakh people had thronged the Buddh International Circuit (BIC) to watch the inaugural Indian GP last year but it looks it won't be a full house this time around.\"The track and the good crowd make the race exciting. In Singapore and Silverstone, it's full of people. When in Spain and Montreal , the city comes alive. It's the fans who make it special. So if people can turn out, it can become one of the most exciting Grands Prix,\" Hamilton said ahead of the second edition of the Indian Grand Prix.Hamilton, who will move to Mercedes in the next season, said he was aiming to leave the British outfit on a high by helping it win the constructors' title.Hamilton began the season well but a poor second-half has has left him at fourth place with 153 points, 62 adrift of leader Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull.The Briton, however, conceded that drivers' title is out of his grasp and so he's focussed on constructors' title for his team.McLaren (284) are third in the standings, behind leaders Red Bull (367) and Ferrari (290).\"The target is to help my team win the constructors' championship since realistically, it's too far away for the drivers' title. I will try to get as many points as possible. I would like to go on a high,\" he said.Hamilton will replace the legendary Michael Schumacher , who is seven-time world champion, in the Mercedes but he said he doesn't think it that way.\"The intention was not to come in the way of Michael. He has done more than any driver in the world. I have seen him winning those championships sitting in my home. To jump to his seat is a real privilege,\" he said.Reflecting on his days with McLaren, the 27-year-old driver said he had good time with the team but this year was disappointing for him.\"In 2007, we lost (drivers' title) by one point and the next year we won by one. Red Bull had a dominant car, Ferrari also stepped up every year. For whatever reasons it has not happened this year. It has not been a great year, still have some races left and I will try to get results,\" he said.\"It has been a fantastic, long and exciting journey. It was an emotional one. I had the support of the team and I am helping the side develop new car,\" he added.Talking about India, a country which he has been visiting regularly, Hamilton said he was very fond of the people here.\"India has become my second home. More people have started to understand F1. It is different atmosphere from Europe. I am most excited about the people here. They are welcoming, so polite and humble, it's just a pleasure to be here. Hope to have more people at the circuit,\" he said.Hamilton said the Buddh International circuit (BIC) will improve with time on the pace front.Almost all the drivers have appreciated the new facility bu there were complaints of dust on it last year, though it's normal for any circuit.\"It (circuit) takes good races to settle. Last time, everything had to be rushed. The pace should be perfect this time. It's a medium to low-speed circuit and incredibly challenging. It's a demanding circuit on the tyres,\" he said.Jokingly, Hamilton said he won't dare driving on the Indian roads.\"I don't drive (on Indian roads). I try not to focus (on the traffic). The roads are so busy. Once I was at a crossroad under a bridge and did not know how people were not hitting (each other). You must have some amazing drivers,\" he said.Hamilton also announced that the four lucky winners who won a Vodafone contest would be with the McLaren team during the race.He also said that the logo of a Bangalore-based company Sequel Logistics, which won a Vodafone contest, will be put on the McLaren F1 car during the race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16935205", "title": "Far from the lights, a silent puja", "text": "Kendrapada: Residents of Dhinkia gram panchayat and neighbouring villages, the epicentre of anti-Posco movement in Jagatsinghpur district, are not celebrating Durga Puja this year too. They have been skipping the festival for the past six years in protest against the proposed steel plant of the South Korean company.The recent decision of the government to hand over land to Posco within two months came as the latest dampener for the anti-land acquisition brigade.\"There were celebrations in the villages on March 31 after the National Green Tribunal (NGT) scrapped the environment clearance of Posco to build the steel plant in Dhinkia, Nuagaon and Gadakujang gram panchayats. But the joy evaporated after the government decided to acquire land for the project,\" said Manorama Khatua of Dhinkia village.Recalling the Durga Puja celebrated seven years ago in his village, Basanta Mohapatra (19) of Patana said, \"I used to look forward to the four-day festivity as nobody would ask me to study during those days.\"Like Basanta, many residents of Dhinkia, Patana, Gobindapur and Trilochanpur villages skipped the festival over the land row.Trouble brewed in the villages after the state government announced six years back to provide 4,004 acres to the steel behemoth to build the steel plant at a cost of Rs 51,000 crore, the biggest-single FDI in the country. \"The state government acquired my two acres of betel vines last year. I have been running from pillar to post to get compensation,\" said Prasanta Jena of Noliasahi village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933776", "title": "Nigerian held for forging visa papers", "text": "PUNE: The Koregaon Park police have arrested a Nigerian national for allegedly staying illegally in the country by forging his visa extension documents.Benjamin Baba Femi (38) was arrested from a hotel in Koregaon Park on Sunday.Speaking to TOI, senior police inspector Shivaji Kamble said that the employees of the hotel where Femi was staying found his visa details suspicious and informed the police. \"We detained Femi for questioning,\" Kamble said.He said Femi was staying in India since 2008 on a business visa. His visa had a valid extension till October 15. \"Since October 15, he was staying illegally by forging the extension documents,\" Kamble said.Since 2008, Femi had got his visa extended several times. Femi claimed that he was in the garment export and import business, Kamble said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933534", "title": "Shot fired in street fight hits bystander", "text": "NEW DELHI: A brawl between a youth and some miscreants in Amar Colony turned ugly when an unidentified man opened fire. Luckily, the bullet brushed past a bystander who sustained minor injuries.The incident took place around 9.30pm on Monday when a man in his early twenties and his sister were going home to Garhi village near Lajpat Nagar. On their way, they stopped at a shop where some miscreants passed lewd comments at the girl, to which her brother objected.The argument turned violent and a scuffle ensued between the youth and the miscreants, witnesses said. Just then, an unidentified man opened fire which hit a person, identified as Sumit, on the shoulder. He was taken to the AIIMS Trauma Centre.The cops are questioning the locals to ascertain the sequence of event. No empty cartridge has been recovered from the spot making it difficult for police to ascertain the make of the weapon used, said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933517", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's blind eye turns markets into toilets", "text": "MUMBAI: Newly constructed markets handed over to the BMC by private owners\u2014in lieu of additional transfer of development rights (TDR)\u2014are in a pathetic condition as the civic administration has failed to maintain them. The policy stipulates that if a plot is reserved for a market and is owned by a private party, then the owner can construct a market on 40 % area of the land, hand it over to the BMC free of cost and then exploit the remaining land for development. Many plots have been handed over to the BMC by private owners in accordance with this policy. But the BMC hasn't given these on rent, and hasn't even maintained them.Corporators slammed the administration for neglecting the markets. The issue was raised in the improvements committee by BJP corporator Prakash Gangadhare. Citing an instance, he said a private owner had handed over a market in Grant Road to the BMC six years ago, but it is yet to put it to use. \"Today, the market is being used by local youths to hang out and illegal activities are happening there,\" said Gangadhare.Sena corporator Subha Raul added, \"A market at IC Colony, Borivli, was handed over to BMC two years ago, but it's yet to rent out the shops. People are using the place as a toilet now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16935298", "title": "Maoists free three hostages", "text": "KORAPUT: After keeping three persons hostage for three days, Maoists freed them early on Tuesday.Those released are a gram rakhi Lachman Pangi, a former Maoist cadre Daya Challan and L S Jagan. While Pangi and Challan were abducted by the Red rebels from Mudulipada police limits in Malkangiri district, the Maoists had kidnapped Jagan from Koraput's Onkadeli on Saturday night.\"Maoists have freed the three abducted persons. They were released in the wee hours near Patraput in Koraput district. Prior to freeing them, the Maoists have assaulted the trio and warned them against stepping out of their village or helping the police,\" said SP (Malkangiri) Akhileswar Singh.Police said Daya had recently left the Maoist organization. He was abducted for extorting money in the name of Maoists. The two other persons were kidnapped on the charge of working as police informers.\"The abducted persons have never provided us with any information against the Maoists. They are not our informers. They are in no way linked with our anti-extremists operations,\" the SP said. On Saturday, the Maoists had also abducted a woman liquor trader, Janaki Rout, from Onkadeli and had freed her on Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933403", "title": "Mayor seeks more bus services from Ahmednagar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mayor Mohd Majid Hussain has asked APSRTC officials to ply more buses from Ahmednagar, which is represented by him, to different destinations, especially Charminar.Speaking to RTC officials at a meeting on Tuesday, the mayor said that only one service from Ahmednagar to Charminar via Bazarghat and Nampally was being operated by the RTC at present.Since commuting to other places was posing a problem for those living in this area, the mayor asked the officials to operate more buses from Ahmednagar after identifying more routes.He said a representation for a service to Secunderabad was submitted to the transport minister and RTC managing director and they had responded positively.Three bus shelters were identified at Ahmedia Hotel, Nayee Basthi and Khaja Mansion function halls as key service points for Secunderabad bound buses.The mayor said another service from Ahmednagar to Falaknuma was also sanctioned recently and buses had begun plying from the past few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16934397", "title": "Protests in India show that nation is growing: Charles Wright", "text": "LUCKNOW: Having laid his hand in branding big clients such as London 2012 Olympics, Tata, Unilever, Mercedes-Benz, managing director of Wolff Olins , a global brand consultancy, Charles Wright believes that protests and agitations are indications of growth pangs. Be it the Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) or any other political issues, protests taking place in India show that the country is progressing.Wright visited the Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow on Tuesday to talk to the students and hire prospective interns. Talking to reporters on India, an emerging world economy, the international branding expert said, \"More than Indians who think FDI will be a bane for them, it's the foreign companies who think whether they will be able to find a market and establish themselves or not. Resentment among people of India is obvious.\" To make his point clear, he quoted example of Coca Cola. \"It took 60 years for the company to go international,\" he said.Wright also threw light on how Indian companies can leap frog western trends. \"India has the best of the talent. The country produces thousands of highly qualified engineers every year. But most of them go to the West in search of jobs. We need to help Indian companies establish themselves in the West,\" said Wright.Proving his point that Indian companies have strength to expand business in West, Wright gave the example of Tata. He said it was Tata that saved Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), a British luxury car company from stumbling. \"All one needs to have is a trustworthy approach,\" said Wright.Talking on the present crisis faced by Kingfisher Airlines today, Wright said, \"It's sad. Kingfisher beer is a famous one not only in India, but also abroad. But when they entered into airlines, they were not sure of what they wanted. Whether they wanted it to be a low-cost airline, a premium airline or just an airlines promising fun. This has certainly created trouble for them.\" On the contrary, Indigo Airlines delivers what they promise - arrival and departure on time.Wright also felt that Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav should take more initiatives in attracting industry to the state. \"Only then there will be employment by which Indian companies will grow,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16935164", "title": "Sangam city experiences hues, shades, emotions of Ramayana", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The city is delved into religious atmosphere these days. The Ram Dal procession of Katra was taken out in the city giving a rare opportunity to locals to peep into Ramayana. People are making beeline to the various Durga Puja Pandals which have been tastefully decorated.The Ram Dal of Katra was taken out with great grandeur repleted with camels, horses and elephants. The main attraction of the procession was Ram, Laxman and Sita sitting on a silver throne atop an elephant. On a silver chowki, Bharat, Shatrughan were seated. The area was covered with colourful lights amidst the sound of bhajans and devotional songs.The Ram Dal procession consisted of numerous tableaux (called chowki in local parlance ) which gave an opportunity to take a glimpse into the glorious ancient times. In the procession, there was colossal statue of Hanuman with protruding sinews shining in brilliant lights.The tableaux showcased various episodes connected with Ramayana. One of the tableaux showed the fight between Bharat and Lav-Kush, 'Sita Swayamvar', Ram Van Gaman (Ram's exile in forest) and other episodes.The Ram Dal started from Anand Bhawan and passed through Trimuhani, Katra crossing, Pani Ki tanki, Carpentry crossing, Jagram Chowraha, Naya Katra, Kutchery Road, Katra crossing, Manmohan park and finally terminated at Ram Vatika. People who were present during the Ram Dal included MLA Anugrah Narayan Singh, BJP leader Narendra Singh Gaur, Anjanai Singh, Suresh Chandra Gupta and others.Meanwhile, Ramleela being staged in various parts of the city also drew huge crowd. The major attraction is the Ramayana being showcased at the Patharcahtti Ramleela Committee. Here, Ravana tries to awake his sleeping brother Kumbhkarna who sleeps for about six months. Drums were being beaten to awaken the Kumbhkarna. Ravana then urged him to fight the battle against Ram. Though Kumbhkarna's gives tough fight but ultimately he was killed.After that, Meghnath, son of Ravana comes to the battlefield and gives a tough fight to Laxman due to which the latter becomes injured and get unconscious. Later, Hanuman is being send to bring the 'Sanjivini' so that Laxman can be bring back to life. Meanwhile, Meghnath conducts a 'yajna' to get victory in the battle. However, the solders in the ram Sena try to disturb the yagna and after that Laxman kills Meghnath.Media incharge and spokesperson of Patharchatti Ramleela Committee Lallu Lal Gupta Saurabh said: \"We are showcasing Ramayana on a grand scale with the use of special effects. Our main intention is to give the message of Ramayana to everyone.\" The Ramleela being staged at Pajawa Ramleela is also attracting huge crowds.Meanwhile, Durga Puja festivities have peaked in the city as thousands of people are thronging various Puja Pandals in the various parts of the city. Nightlong devotional and cultural performances at puja pandals were also great attraction.At midnight, Shri Sandhi Puja was performed which was held at kalibari with the lighting of 108 lamps made of raw clay. For early morning, devotees attend Kalibari worshipping Ma Kali and Ma Durga with the offering of honey, ghee, sweet, coconut and different types of flowers. The hawan was performed by Pt. Bhadrakhi Dayamoy and Uttam Banerjee.There is also a marked religiosity associated with Navratra. Devotes observed fast and visited temples after bathing in Sangam. Many temples in the city including Kalyani Devi, Alopi Devi, Kali Bari in Muthiganj, Khema Mai temple, Lalita Devi are tastefully decorated. On the ninth day of Navratra, hawan were performed in temples and girls were given special dishes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933226", "title": "CoP-11 green drive a short-lived joy", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city's hectic beautification activity, preceding CoP-11, is now being undone systematically with the municipal corporation uprooting 600 trees that were planted only days ago at the Ayyappa society stretch leading to Hitex from Jubilee Hills. The loss? A princely sum of Rs 10 crore that was spent on massive pots and trees, procured from all parts of the country.The state had spent a fortune to source these trees from various corners of India. Apart from Rajahmundry, many of these plants were shipped from Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore and interiors of Kerala. The estimated budget was a whopping Rs 5 crore. But on Tuesday morning, GHMC workers went around plucking the planted trees, that were four feet tall. About 600 trees of black ficus variety, which were planted on either side of the road, were being removed. A truck and a dozen workers were seen carefully digging around the planted area and removing trees and loading them on the truck, bemusing denizens who knew only too well that the city's beautification drive was a short-lived love affair of the authorities with green.\"I had made several representations in the past to the GHMC asking them to undertake a plantation drive on this stretch (which connects Road No 36 Jubilee Hills to Madhapur flyover) and was pleased that it was finally done for CoP-11. The stretch was barren and there is heavy movement of employees working in IT offices here. A plantation drive was much needed,\" said P Ramakrishna, an activist and IT employee and said that the removal of these plants only indicated how the entire beautification drive was not only poorly conceived but also poorly executed. \"It's a waste of tax payer's money,\" he said.But such planning or thoughts continue to evade the powers that be at the GHMC. Officials said they had moved the trees to GHMC nurseries but had no idea as to what they would do with them next. N Chandra Mohan Reddy, additional commissioner (parks), GHMC said, \"We had planted these black ficus trees on a temporary basis for CoP-11. If we have to go for a full fledged plantation then we need to do fencing around the plantation since there is a large presence of cattle in the area. Apart from that, the area is still developing and it is not advisable to have plantation at this stage,\" he said. But activists question as to why the idea of tree guards did not strike GHMC officials when they decided to remove the trees.\"These plants will be shifted to GHMC nurseries and some of them will be planted in colony parks and other locations in the near future,\" maintained Mohan Reddy. Also removed from Tuesday were the large pots that were placed on the dividers at many stretches including the Jubilee Hills checkpost to Hitex stretch where 800 pots were placed. They too have now been shifted to the GHMC nurseries with again uncertainty looming large on what should be done with it. E N Srinivasulu, director, urban forestry , GHMC said, \"The work for the construction of the Hyderabad metro rail will begin on this route soon and hence we have to remove the pots. These plants will be kept at the GHMC nurseries and nourished and later will be shifted to the desired locations.\"Times ViewGiven that the government rarely ever spends a penny on anything green, the beautification project for CoP-11 could have actually been a good opportunity to give its indifferent-to-green image a proper makeover. Not only did the city administration fail in doing a good job of beautification, it is now stripping the city of the little green hastily dumped on its roads and dividers. The authorities could do well in walking the talk. When they make statements at international conventions about conserving the environment, they should act accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16934718", "title": "Tourism department will survey Arihant work", "text": "PANAJI: The tourism department will on Thursday resume the work of surveying the area where the M V River Princess ship was stranded off the Sinquerim beach to check if there are any metal parts of the ship still left in the sand.Senior officers of the tourism department said personnel from the National institute of oceanography (NIO) will conduct a magnetometer survey in the area from Thursday. The survey, to be conducted from aboard a trawler, is expected to be over in three days.Following the removal of the M V River Princess in May last, the tourism department had engaged the services of the NIO to check that the ship had been removed in its entirety and no metal parts were left embedded in the sand.But the survey could not be completed because of rough weather conditions caused by pre-monsoon showers and the onset of the monsoon.The tourism department had withheld payment of 99 crore to Arihant Ship-breakers pending the survey work. The survey done in May-end, though inconclusive, had indicated that there were no metal parts left at the spot where the M V River Princess had been stranded for around a decade. Speaking to TOI, Fermino Fernandes, convenor of the River Princess Hatao Manch, whose legal action had led to the high court of Bombay at Goa directing the state government to remove the ship, said, \"It is for the experts to say if anything is there or not. If there is something, then it should be removed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16940973", "title": "Ulka Gupta &amp; Sameer Dharmadhikari in Fear Files", "text": "Here's some good news for the fans of Zee TV's historical hit saga, Jhansi Ki Rani as the lead pair of the show Ulka Gupta aka their favourite Mannu and Sameer Dharmadhikari aka King Gangadhar Rao will be seen together again.The actors are paired opposite each other yet again by Contiloe telefilms' for their super natural show Fear Files .Sources inform that the shooting for the episode will soon begin from 27 October 2012 in Jaipur and the actors will play themselves on the show. The creative team has planned few interesting things on the show and some spooky behind the scene moments will be also seen on Fear Files . Ulka and Sameer will once again don the role Mannu and King Gangadhar Rao respectively.When contacted, Ulka said, \"Yes, I am doing the show. I will be playing myself and it's very exciting as I am getting a chance to meet the people whom I have worked with before. Also I have not done something like this before.\"We also talked to Sameer, \"I love doing history as it has a definite end. I am very excited to be getting back into the attire of King Gangadhar Rao and riding a horse. And the best part is that I will also get a chance to play myself on the show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16940674", "title": "Kids likely to use iPads before they start school: Study", "text": "LONDON: Toddlers today are more likely to be playing with an iPad and are becoming adept at using the internet long before they start school, a study has revealed.According to a report by media watchdog Ofcom, nearly half of three and four-year-olds are now technologically-savvy, the Daily Mail reported.One in ten are already using an iPad to visit websites, watch films and television programmes and play games.The report marks the first time the regulator has looked at the habits of the pre-school age group - and the findings prompted experts to warn parents not to use computers and tablets as \"virtual babysitters.\"The study also found that under-13s, many of whom are too young to legitimately register for social networks without parental consent, are befriending strangers on these websites.Cyber-bullying also emerged as a persistent problem, with more girls than boys being targeted.As part of the study, researchers interviewed 200 families with children aged three and four.They found that 37 percent of these children used the internet via a PC or laptop - and 3 percent even surfed the web using a mobile phone.The youngsters also watched around 15.5 hours of television a week and spent 6.2 hours a week playing games online.\"Children are not just using more media, they are also adopting some forms at a very young age,\" Claudio Pollack of Ofcom said.\"This highlights the challenge that some parents face in keeping up with their children when it comes to technology and in understanding what they can do to protect children,\" Pollack said.Child psychologist Dr Linda Papadopoulos urged parents to supervise children when they are using the web and to allow internet use only \"in moderation.\"\"Children need balance. Using games and websites online can stimulate younger children. There are some wonderful learning tools out there,\" she said.\"But it comes down to supervising what they are doing. We know it is bad to dump children in front of the TV. It is going to be the same with computers and tablets.\"Parents shouldn't use the internet as a virtual babysitter. Parents must make sure they are aware of what their children are looking at,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16943724", "title": "Procession leaves foreign tourists in awe", "text": "MYSORE: The festive spirit emerged the winner at the end of the day as Dasara pulled crowds of local and foreign tourists despite Cauvery protests threatening to dampen celebrations.There were large groups of foreign tourists near the Mysore Palace as well as near Chamaraja Wadiyar circle. The tourists were largely from UK, France, Holland, Estonia and other parts of world.Erick, an engineer working for Bosch in Bangalore, was in Mysore with his wife Anna and in-laws to see the festival. Speaking to TOI, Anna gushed that the procession was simply impressive. \"I was mesmerized by the golden howdah mounted on the elephant and continuous firing of cannons. Back in our country, elephants are not used in any of the festivals,\" she said.She went on to add that she had read of Dasara in several books and travelogues and decided to grab the opportunity to come to Mysore while her husband worked in Bangalore. Erick moved to Bangalore in August this year.Clad in a silk saree, Estonian Agnes said: \"Mysoreans have to be proud of the rich culture they possess.\" She was part of a five-member group from Europe who were in Mysore to watch the NadaHabba.Though it was her third visit to Mysore, Annelie Sleystar from Holland was never a part of Dasara celebrations. \"My daughter works here. It feels great to be part of Dasara this year and it was spectacular,\" she said.Jack from France said he was supposed to visit India in August but his friends asked him to visit in October instead. \"I thought I will enjoy at the beaches in Goa, but while surfing on the Internet I read about the Mysore Dasara. My wife Joshua and I reached Bangalore on Monday and came straight away came to Mysore. I never experienced such royal celebrations in the countries I have visited,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16935191", "title": "Met office forecasts delay in winter", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Winter is likely to arrive late in the city this year. The delay is majorly the result of rise in moisture content in the upper layers of the atmosphere and formation of a depression in the Arabian Sea; according to the forecast by the meteorological centre here on Tuesday.\"The atmosphere is not conducive to a remarkable drop in night temperature now. The trend will continue for at least a week and, during this period, night temperature will drop hardly by one to two degree Celsius from the normal,\" said S C Sahu, director of the local meteorological centre.Sahu said the Himalayan region and northern parts of the country are yet to experience any remarkable in drop in temperature while suggesting that the atmosphere may become favourable in another week's time. He also commented that the depression, which had formed over the Arabian Sea, would hardly have an impact on Odisha.According to weathermen, the night temperature on Tuesday increased by an average of one degree Celsius in coastal parts of the state and it dropped by one degree Celsius in the interior parts.The state capital recorded a minimum temperature of 22.7 degree celsius, which is 0.7 degree celsius above the normal, while the lowest minimum temperature of 14.6 degree celsius was recorded in Keonjhargarh, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933515", "title": "Premium fliers await AI business lounge at T3", "text": "NEW DELHI: Globally, airlines outdo each other in pampering their high value, premium-class passengers in signature lounges. However, Air India is yet to have its own business lounge at its main hub, IGI Airport's terminal 3 (T3) which opened over two years ago.The Maharaja's main competition, foreign biggies Emirates and Lufthansa, have beaten AI at opening premium- class lounges at T3 and have been able to wean away high value premium travellers from the national carrier.At T3, international airlines have the option of sending business and first-class passengers to two lounges \u2014 Premium Plaza and ITC \u2014 which have become a common pool for premium flyers to catch up on pink papers while waiting for boarding call. AI has been using the facilities of Premier Plaza in both the domestic and international terminals, in addition to a coffee shop in the domestic terminal and a private lounge in the international terminal for its business-class passengers.\"Our lounge is almost ready and should open within a week. We have a tie-up with other lounges and coffee shops. A separate section has been marked for our business and executive class passengers at the coffee shop. If they want to eat, they are taken to Premier Plaza. At the international terminal, they can have unlimited alcohol and food at the private lounge,\" said an airline official.T3 became operational in July, 2010 and AI shifted all its flights here in November that year. planes to fly across the world. A senior AI official said: \"There were issues with DIAL and they said that we can't have a lounge run by a third party. It must be run by us or them. Work was also held up because we were asking for a certain amount of space and negotiations took a while. Once that was given to us, there were some internal issues to be sorted out. Now all the work is finished and only last minute contracts are being signed,\" said an official.Gulf carrier Emirates became the first airline to have a dedicated premium-class lounge at T3 in March last year. German carrier Lufthansa became the second airline to have a dedicated premium lounge when it opened one this August. Lufthansa has a separate terminal for first-class passengers and passengers are dropped to planes in limos. Dubai's Emirates business lounge is so huge that it looks like a separate airport with exclusive aerobridges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16940751", "title": "Sri Lanka to legislate anti-corruption cricket laws", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lanka government will soon be framing anti-corruption laws to eradicate the possibility of match fixing in cricket, Sports Minister Mahindananda Aluthgamage has told the Parliament.Speaking at a late evening adjournment motion moved by the opposition legislator John Amaratunga, Aluthgamage, however, clarified that no Sri Lankan cricketer had ever been guilty of match fixing.He said the new laws would also be expanded to cover more regulatory powers over the functions of the local cricket governing body, Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC).A committee has been tasked to frame the legislation. Amaratunga from the opposition UNP lamented that Sri Lanka had reached four major world finals in the recent times without being able to win the trophies. And he demanded to know the reasons for such debacles.In reply, Aluthgamage said it was natural for people to entertain doubts about fair play when team does not win the finals and added he would recommend that SLC obtained the services of a sports psychologist to help players achieve the best.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16935249", "title": "Students stall gram sabha", "text": "SAMBALPUR: After thousands of demonstrations, state administration finally took notice of the plight of students of ME School in Lulang village.About 160 students, from classes VIII, IX and X, of the government-aided school in Deogarh district stalled gram sabha proceedings recently after they spent five years in school without a teacher. No official was allowed to attend the panchayat budget meeting.The collector promised to take necessary action. \"I have taken the matter seriously and discussed it with villagers and assured them to take all possible measures to address the problems. I have also discussed the matter with the district education officer... I am hoping that the problems will be solved after puja vacation,\" Collector (Deogarh) Julies Lakra said.The problem started in 2006 when the school in Lulang, predominantly a tribal village, was upgraded to a high school. In 2008, classes IX and X were introduced. However, the government did not recruit enough teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16933693", "title": "Chandu Patankar: For his pluck, he needed some luck", "text": "Cricket selections are based on combination. Six batsmen and four bowlers or five batsmen and five bowlers? Depending on what the captain and the team management finally decide, one batsman or bowler gets a chance or misses out. What about the wicket-keeper though? There is only one in a team and if he is doing well enough, others don't even stand a chance.A wicketkeeper who suffered the most was England's Bob Taylor, who made a Test debut at 30, but got to play more Tests only after Alan Knott joined World Series Cricket in 1977.Similarly, many Indian 'keepers from the 50s to 80s suffered. Dr. Chandu Patankar, a fine wicket-keeper batsman, played just a solitary Test for India even after having led the Indian Universities against the Silver Jubilee overseas team. He is also perhaps the only Indian Test cricketer to have completed a PhD.Patankar moved from Poona to Bombay in the quest of getting a degree in medicine to fulfill the wish of his father, who also was a medical practitioner.As an accomplished keeper-batsman, Patankar led Ruia College. Perhaps that made another Ruia wicket-keeper Naren Tamhane move to Siddharth College. It never affected their friendship though.Vasu Paranjape, who has known Patankar for over six decades says, \"If Tamhane was efficient behind the wickets, Patankar was graceful. A thorough gentleman, he did everything without fuss.\"In 1961, Patankar played for BEST in the Times Shield final that went on for seven days. Alongwith NM Dandekar, he helped BEST beat Kohinoor Mills to win the title.When Vijay Manjrekar asked a young Paddy Shivalkar to join Shivaji Park Gymkhana (SPG), Patankar was the wicket-keeper of the team. Shivalkar recounts, \"In the first innings, I didn't get to bowl but after eight wickets fell in the second innings, the captain gave me the ball. The first ball took the shoulder of the bat, but Patankar anticipated and held a brilliant catch. I got a wicket off the second ball too. Patankar then told me, 'Not to worry. I'm behind the stumps. Look at me and bowl.'\"Bapu Nadkarni, a contemporary of Patankar, says, \"He was a very good cricketer, but when you compete for one spot with a couple of others, someone has to suffer. Before the Pakistan tour, Madhav Mantri went for the trials and Chandu lost the chance. Mantri and Tamhane went on the tour. Chandu too deserved to be on the tour.\"Known for his brilliant leg side gathering, Patankar had to compete with Nana Joshi and Naren Tamhane for a spot. His philosophy was simple though; enjoy the game and not worry about the future. Though many are bitter about their past, Patankar, now 81, despite, being a victim of whimsical selection and bad luck, isn't.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934049", "title": "Four stop cab at Marine Lines rob occupants of Rs 45 lakh cash", "text": "MUMBAI: Four robbers looted Rs 45 lakh from two employees of a bullion manufacturing firm at gunpoint on the Meghdoot flyover diversion at Marine Lines. The incident took place around 10.40am on Tuesday and the robbers fled with the money and the key of the taxi in which the victims were travelling.The Marine Drive police have registered a case of robbery and are looking for the accused. Cops said Madhukar Bhagne (45) and Ratnesh Rai (27), both employed with the NIBR Bullion Pvt Ltd for over 7 years, hired a cab from Hotel Surti near Cotton Exchange. Bhagne and Rai were on their way to deposit the cash in a bank. The victims told cops that the taxi was stopped by four men on a bike and a scooter who snatched the bag at gunpoint. \"The accused had covered their faces with handkerchief and threatened us with a gun,\" Bhagne said.Senior inspector, Zhuzar Rao Gharal, said the robbers, before fleeing, had snatched the taxi's keys. Police said the two victims helped the driver park the taxi down the bridge but could not write down the taxi's registration number. The police are also trying to establish the victims' statement that after sometime, the taxi driver too fled from there. \"How can a taxi driver flee with his vehicle when he does not have the key?\" asked an officer. The duo also told the police that the taxi driver had asked for a minimum fare of Rs 14 while the current fare is Rs 19. The police are now on the lookout for the driver to verify the victims' version.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16935857", "title": "My tax details shown by BJP are 'imaginary': Virbhadra Singh", "text": "SHIMLA: Faced with allegations of money laundering, Himachal Congress president and former chief minister Virbhadra Singh said on Tuesday that all the charges levelled against him by the BJP were \"imaginary\" as the party cannot be privy to income-tax details of any individual.\"How can I respond to fiction-based on theories circulated by the BJP, which is on a losing wicket in Himachal Pradesh? I am surprised how Arun Jaitley has access to such private and personal documents, which should be in the custody of competent authorities and is not even available under the RTI Act without the permission of the assessee,\" Virbhadra said in a statement.\"Some senior BJP leaders, and specially Arun Jaitley, seem to know more about my I-T returns than I do. Their information appears to be based on imaginary details supplied by BJP leadership in Delhi. This is being done to create confusion among the people, and to divert my attention from election campaign,\" he added.\"Repeated attempts are being made to scrutinize me on every front. I have no problem with that. I fail to understand how some senior BJP leaders have taken over the role of the income-tax department, which has so far not sought any clarification from me,\" said Virbhadra.He said that BJP leaders first raised the issue of payoffs to him by a steel company. \"I had nothing to do with it and had asked for a CBI inquiry so that the truth is out. Some of the details found in the alleged payoff deal date back to a period when I was not even the Union steel minister,\" he said.The Congress leader said he is a regular income-tax payer and had filed his returns for the financial year 2011-12, which are true and factual, supported by vouchers and receipts. The records pertaining to income-tax returns will be shown to the appropriate authority as and when asked for, he added.\"Let the income-tax department seek response from me or my lawyers on my income and my returns filed to them. People of Himachal Pradesh know my credentials better than anybody else. I will take appropriate action against those who are involved in such malicious campaign against me after the elections are over,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16935168", "title": "Elaborate security arrangements in place for Dussehra", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the festive mood gripping the Sangam city, police have made elaborate security arrangements for Dussehra which will be celebrated on Wednesday.Around 4,500 police personnel have been deployed to maintain law and order. Apart from civil police, personnel of intelligence unit, bomb defusal squad, anti-sabotage team and local intelligence unit have also been mobilised along with PAC, Rapid Action Force, Quick Reaction and contingency teams.Besides, event organizers have been asked to install surveillance cameras at their pandals for additional security.\"Three companyies of PAC, 4,000 constables, 39 station officers, 250 sub-inspectors, 14 deputy SPs, five additional SPs and one company of RAF have been deployed for maintaining law and order,\" said SP City Shailesh Kumar Yadav. He added that CCTV cameras have been installed to keep an eye on trouble makers.There are over 150 committees organising Dussehra and Durga Puja celebrations in the district. Police personnel are maintaining 24x7 vigil on these pandals.Similarly, duties of two deputy SPs and one company for flood unit has also been sought for immersion of idols. A senior cop said additional police pickets have been deployed at identified areas including mixed populated areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16936033", "title": "Delhi KF employees reject 3-month salary offer, majority in Mumbai cave in", "text": "New Delhi: While a majority of the Kingfisher Airline employees based in Mumbai are likely to resume work from Friday onwards, those from the carrier's Delhi-base have decided not to accept the management's offer of three months salary payment before Diwali and stay put with the agitation.The Delhi-staffers have stuck to their demand of four months' salary payment upfront.The airline, which had not paid its employees salaries for the last seven months, flew into turbulence at the start of this month after its aircraft maintenance engineers went on an agitation in protest and that in turn, crippled its entire flight schedule.The airline was forced to announce a partial lock-out on October 1, which was extended to October 23, even as the airline said it planned to resume operations by November 6. If the employees join work on Friday, the airline, whose licence to operate flights was suspended by the aviation regulator last week, would cross a significant hurdle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16934297", "title": "\u2018Lent Gadkari Rs 164cr from personal savings\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: The Rs164 crore loaned by Global Safety Vision Pvt Ltd to the Nitin Gadkari-promoted Purti Power and Sugar Ltd came from the \"personal savings\" of its director Dattatray P Mhaiskar. \"The money came from the sale of some off my shares in IRB (Infrastructure Developers Ltd),\" Mhaiskar told TOI on Tuesday.As TOI had reported on October 20, Mhaiskar's money which came in 2010 helped Purti tide over a financial crisis. The BJP national president, who was at that time the chairman of Purti Group, resigned from the post last year.The Mhaiskar family-operated Ideal Road Builders Private Limited (IRBPL) got contracts around Rs60 crores (source: IRB's disclosure to bourses) during Gadkari's tenure as PWD minister between 1995 and 1999. It always pays to have cordial relations especially when you are in public life, and BJP national president is certainly not short of friends. Since Global Safety Vision's paid up capital was just Rs35,835 (as on March 2009) it turned out to be a major surprise when a year later it lent an enormous amount to Purti. Moreover, IRBPL in 2001 invested Rs1.85 crore in Purti Group a year after Gadkari floated the company.The loan of Rs164 crores still reflects in Purti's balance sheet according to its managing director Sudhir Dive. \"Purti has repaid Rs62 crores and we hope to clear off the remaining soon along with the interest,\" Dive told TOI.In 2006, Purti got another bounty from a company promoted by Mhaiskar, Ideal Energy Projects Private Limited. When Ideal Energy was scouting for land to set up a power plant, it bought 55-acre land from Purti for almost Rs3.4 crores. With this, Purti had gained a mind-boggling 1,936% return on its land investments in six years.On buying the land at a seemingly inflated price, Mhaiskar said, \"If you can find me a cheaper land I will put up a factory the very next day.\"Refusing to make further conversation, Mhaiskar disconnected. Around 3.30pm, TOI SMSed him for an e-mail id where a questionnaire could be sent. But he did not respond.Dive said that Purti had purchased a total 180 acres (Rs54 lakhs) of agricultural land directly from farmers for an average price of Rs30,000 per acre in 2000. \"We used only 125 acres. So we offered the excess land to Ideal,\" he said.On the massive gain of Rs3.25 crores, the Purti MD said, \"The price of land had appreciated in six years. We had to spend money on changing status of land usage as well. The price of land increased only with Purti coming to the area.\"Now when their friendship is in the limelight, major changes have taken place regarding both men's corporate positions. Gadkari is just a shareholder (310) in Purti and his family owns a paltry 0.01% stake in Purti. IRBPL, which made the early 2001 investment in Purti, is now a subsidiary of IRB Infrastructure Developers Limited. As per the data available with stock exchanges, DP Mhaiskar owns just 1.74% stake in IRB, which mentions him as 'chief mentor' on its website.Meanwhile, an e-mail from IRB clarified that Global Safety Vision, in which Mhaiskar is a director, is \"not and has never been a subsidiary of IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd or part of IRB Group\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933688", "title": "Milk cooperatives want to sell surplus milk to bulk buyers", "text": "PUNE: The action committee of cooperative dairies in the state on Tuesday demanded that excess milk available with the government and cooperative dairies be sold to big buyers Amul and Mother Dairy.It would boost the income of cooperative dairies and they will not have to raise the price of milk sold in retail markets. The committee will also meet union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar .The demand was raised at a meeting at Pune district cooperative milk producers' society also known as Katraj Dairy. No decision about increasing the retail price of milk was taken.Vinayak Patil, president of the action committee, said, \"Bulk buyers purchase milk from private dairy owners in the state. Many private dairies do not pay the minimum purchase price to farmers, but are willing to sell their milk to the two dairies. If these bulk buyers buy milk from cooperative dairies, they will earn more and we can keep retail prices low.\"Operating costs have gone up because of fertilizers, electricity and water charges and diesel. Pune city requires close to two lakh litres milk every day and is a major market for many cooperative and private dairy operators.Patil said there was pressure to increase milk prices to enable dairies to offer higher returns to farmers. Many private dairies have reduced their milk collection or started buying milk at lower rates to maintain profit margins. This has increased supply of milk to cooperative and government dairies, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16934494", "title": "Mining ban: Truckers to march in city during Iffi", "text": "BICHOLIM: Truck owners' associations from Bicholim taluka are up in arms against the organizing of Iffi in Goa as truck owners in the state are in distress due to a ban on mining and they have decided to stage a massive morcha to the Iffi venue in Panaji.This was informed by a truck owner and Navelim Congress block chief Digambar Naik, while speaking to mediapersons. The decision to stage a morcha was taken at a special meeting of truck owners' associations from Bicholim taluka which was held at the office of former Sanquelim MLA and Congress leader Pratap Gawas at Navelim on Monday evening. The meeting was presided over by president of Goa state truck owners association Nilkanth Gawas, and truck owners which included Bharat Gawas, Shivaji Naik, Pandhari Gawas and over 100 truck owners from Navelim, Amona and surrounding areas.In this meeting, the truck owners condemned the act of the state government to organize an international film festival of India in Goa at the very moment when the truck owners in Goa are facing acute hardships and miseries due to the imposing of a mining ban.Speaking to the local correspondents, Digambar Naik stated that they have no faith in the government as it has made no efforts so far to solve the problems of truck owners and large number of components related to mining in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16935620", "title": "Probe against Gadkari an eyewash: Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely hours after corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily said the government would look into the alleged dubious funding of companies promoted by BJP president Nitin Gadkari , Arvind Kejriwal said the investigation \"will be stopped\" in the next few days.On Digvijay Singh writing to the PM seeking a probe against Gadkari, Kejriwal told TOI, \"This is only for public consumption. I seriously doubt whether there will be honest investigation to the frauds committed by Robert Vadra or Nitin Gadkari.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934704", "title": "100 amputees get Jaipur Foot", "text": "JAIPUR: To mark the birthday celebrations of former Maharaja of Jaipur Sawai Bhawani Singh, 100 'Jaipur Foots' were donated by Maharaja Sawai Man Singh II Museum Trust on Tuesday. Secretary of the Museum Trust, Princess Diya Kumari fitted 'Jaipur Foot' on a couple of amputees at the City Palace. A total of 25 amputees were present at City Palace during the programme.\"This small gesture was indeed a fitting tribute to my late father who was always concerned about the deprived and the differently-abled,\" said Kumari. She said that providing Jaipur Foot to the needy would be a continuous process.The amputees came from different parts of the country. They took a few steps immediately after the artificial limb was affixed. Dr D R Mehta, founder and chief patron of Bhagwan Mahaveer Viklang Sahayata Samiti was also be present on the occasion. He underlined the activities of the Samiti to the princess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16935600", "title": "Congress: Vadra, Gadkari cases qualitatively different", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress refused to equate the corruption charges against Robert Vadra and Nitin Gadkari , calling them qualitatively different, even as it steered clear of any offensive against the BJP chief.AICC spokesman Sandeep Dikshit said, \"There is no comparison between Vadra and Gadkari cases. They are qualitatively different.\"The remark came in response to queries if the uncharacteristic silence of the Congress over passing up the opportunity to attack the rival was the result of apprehension that it could lead to retaliation against Vadra, who is also facing allegations.The Congress stuck to its stance that institutional mechanisms could look into the allegations against Gadkari since they were in the public domain.AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh, meanwhile, wrote to PM, demanding that a probe be ordered against Gadkari's business in view of the \"prima facie evidence\".A cautious Congress did not endorse Singh's demand to the PM, merely adding it would wait for the outcome of a probe into Gadkari's affairs.\"We cannot be talking about an individual's business unless it is linked to some misdemeanour linking back to his position as executive authority,\" Dikshit said, adding, \"It is not proper to seek resignation before probe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934787", "title": "Signs of recovery as Damini fights it out", "text": "JAIPUR: There is a flicker of hope for Baby Damini, who experienced her first few months in a sling on her father's chest as he pulled a rickshaw. The one-month-old girl who has been struggling for her life was removed from the ventilator on Tuesday afternoon.Doctors claims she is responding to medication and showing signs of improvement. However the situation is still critical with the next 24 hours crucial for her.\"After analysing the situation we removed the ventilator around 11am on Tuesday. We have also started feeding her. So far things are going well. But she is not out of danger and the next one day will be crucial,\" said Jaikrishan Mittal, the doctor who is treating her.\"We are closely monitoring her condition and by Wednesday we would be able to tell you anything with certainty,\" he added. Damini's organs have got affected due to infection and she is also suffering from pneumonia. Doctors also said that despite the improvement, nutritional rehabilitation would remain a big challenge.Days after TOI had published the story of the newborn who lost her mother at a time of delivery, help had poured in for Damini. She was later shifted to a private hospital on Sunday after the government decided to bear her medical expenses.Her father Bablu is overwhelmed by the love and support extended by the government and people.\"I have no words to express my gratitude to all those who have been praying for the recovery of my daughter. I am sure that god will answer their prayers and I will see her going to school,\" said Bablu.Damini's mother Shanti died on September 20 at the time of delivery and since there was no one to look after the girl, her father Bablu started carrying her in a cloth tied around his neck while riding a rented rickshaw to earn his livelihood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934597", "title": "Model-actor, 23, murdered in Mumbai flat", "text": "MUMBAI: A 23-year-old model and actor was found murdered in her ground-floor apartment in Andheri West on Monday. Bidushi Dash Barde, a former beauty queen from Chennai, was alone at home through the day and did not answer any of his calls, her husband Kedar Barde said. Kedar found her blood-spattered body when he returned from work. Kedar, 26, works with a Nariman Point-based firm.The D N Nagar police initially registered a case of accidental death. But based on the nature of injuries as per Bidushi's postmortem and the eyewitness account of a resident of the society, Four Bungalows, the police converted the case to that of murder on Tuesday.Bidushi, who has acted in Tamil films and was currently modelling in Mumbai, had a love marriage with Kedar, a software engineer, three years ago. They had moved into the flat 18 months ago.Cause of death still unknownAround 7.45am on Monday, Kedar left for work. At that time, Bidushi was alone at home. He called her at 9.30am but there was no response. Throughout the day, Kedar called Bidushi several times but she did not answer the phone. Their domestic help, too, knocked on the door to the apartment but got no response. Around 9.30pm, Kedar returned home from work. He opened the door with his set of keys when Bidushi did not respond to the doorbell. \"Kedar noticed that the lights were switched off but the television set was on. He then came across Bidushi's blood-splattered body in the passage between the bathroom and the bedroom. A glass shelf was lying broken near her and glass shards were found protruding from Bidushi's cheek, jaw, neck and chin. There were also fingernail marks on her face as well as head injuries,\" police said.While the police confirmed that a sharp weapon was used for the offence, the exact cause of death can be ascertained only after a chemical analysis at the state forensic science laboratory.With the help of his landlord, Dr Shinde, Kedar took Bidushi to the Kokilaben Ambani Hospital at Andheri, where doctors declared her dead,\" a police official said. Kedar then went to the D N Nagar police station. He told the cops that Bidushi was diabetic and often complained of feeling dizzy. He told the police that she must have fallen on the shelf, causing the injuries and loss of blood leading to her death. Based on Kedar's statement late on Monday, the police then registered a case of accidental death.The society watchman told the police that a man had come to Bidushi's flat around 2.15pm, but left when she did not open the door. The visitor had scribbled his name in the register.Shantanu Dash, Bidushi's father, told TOI that there was foul play in the case. A warrant officer with the Indian Air Force and based in Chennai, Dash said, \"Initially I thought that my daughter had died accidentally. But now I'm certain she was murdered in cold blood. The police have been very supportive. Bidhushi was very happy in Mumbai and was doing well in her career. She did not have fights with anyone,\" he said.The Dash family said that Bidushi won the Ms Chennai contest in 2006 and was very happy with Kedar. The family belongs to Orissa. Dash said he wouldn't give a clean chit to the security guard as he hadn't bothered to take down the visitor's detailed address or phone number. \"A female resident of the building has told us that she clearly saw a visitor at Bidushi's door. Based on her statement and the nature of injuries sustained by Bidushi, we have registered a case of murder on Tuesday,\" said additional commissioner Vishwas Nangre-Patil. Forensic experts have told the police that Bidushi might have died around noon. The police are in the process of collecting CCTV footage from the building management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16940465", "title": "29 Indians sentenced to death in various countries: RTI report", "text": "THANE: A total of 29 Indians have been sentenced to death for various criminal offences during the last five years in various countries, the external affairs ministry has said in response to an RTI query.In reply to a query under the Right to Information Act by activist Om Prakash Sharma, the MEA report has stated that 21 Indians had been awarded death sentence in the United Arab Emirates, six in Kuwait and one each in Indonesia and Iran.Twenty-seven of those sentenced to death have been convicted for murder along with other offences like abduction, burning, hiding body, theft, adultery and intoxication, the report said.The remaining two have been awarded capital punishment for offences punishable under the Narcotics Act and Drugs Act, it said.In all, 10,647 Indians had been convicted in various countries for criminal offences and imprisoned, including the 29 death penalties.The UAE tops the list with as many as 4,315 Indian convicts, followed by Bangladesh with 2,008 convicts, Kuwait 1,161, China 673, Oman 429, UK 426 and some other nations have less than 250 convicts, the report mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16933494", "title": "Signals create havoc on e-way", "text": "NOIDA: What was intended to be a traffic improvement project has, according to commuters, become an unwanted traffic hazard on one of Noida's busiest roads. Commuters are a worried lot now that Noida Authority has installed two traffic signals on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway.According to experts, traffic signals can at best be located on entry/exit points to an expressway designed to allow vehicles to travel at 100 km/h and not on the route itself.To provide a smooth flow of traffic during the 3-day F1 race starting on October 26, the \"temporary\" traffic signals are causing havoc on the expressway. One of the signals is located right after the left turn on the expressway, which exits to Sector 128 and for traffic using the underpass from Sectors 93, 94, etc for coming onto the route. The second traffic light has been put up at the zero point of the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, at the cut just before a slip road leading to the Okhla Barrage near the Mahamaya flyover.Frequent commuters complain that since they were put up many serious accidents have narrowly been averted. \"There are no warning signs. Since we have been using the expressway for several years and there has been no traffic light at these points, we are not used to stopping suddenly,\" said a commuter. \"I almost had an accident on Monday near Sector 128 when the car in front of mine braked suddenly to stop at the light,\" added another commuter.Noida traffic police maintained that the traffic lights are not yet operational and would be functional only during the three days of the F1 race. \"At that time too they will be controlled manually. The signals have been put up to avoid a gridlock over the Shahdara drain as we are expecting heavy traffic during the race days and bottlenecks at several places,\" said Dharmender Singh Yadav, Noida's traffic inspector.Experts, meanwhile, said that expressways have to be designed with an interchange facility, which enables traffic to move smoothly. \"Internationally, an expressway does not support traffic signals as vehicles move at great speed. On this expressway, the speed limit is 100 km/h and a traffic light without warning could prove disastrous,\" said Prof Dr PK Sarkar, School of Planning and Architecture. \"If traffic needs to be stopped, then warning signboards of the approaching traffic signal should be put up at regular intervals,\" he added.Urban transport planner, Sanjaya Verma, said that if there is a dire need for creating temporary stoppages, then \"a manual barricading could have been set up instead of a traffic signal.\" \"But in this case too, flashing amber lights need to be in place to warn commuters of the barricade ahead,\" said Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937466", "title": "Saif and Sonakshi to shoot in Lucknow", "text": "After much speculation about whether Tigmanshu Dhulia will come to UP to shoot his next, it's finally confirmed that the filmmaker will shooting here for Bullet Raja. There were reports that that film will be shot in Madhya Pradesh , but according to reliable sources, the film will be shot in Lucknow, and the cast and crew will be in the city from November 5.The film, most of which will be shot in and around Lucknow, stars Saif Ali Khan and Sonakshi Sinha in the lead. But while Saif and Sonakshi will be joining the team post-Diwali, Ravi Kishan confirms that he will be in town from the 5th to shoot for the film. \"I was in Lucknow almost all of last month to shoot for a Bhojpuri film, and I will be here again next month as we begin shooting for Tigmanshu Dhulia's Bullet Raja ,\" said Kishan, adding, \"I'm really looking forward to this shooting schedule because Mumbai mein rehte-rehte, main UP ki sardi bhool hi gaya tha. Ab ki thand ka first hand experience hoga.\"The film also stars Irrfan Khan, Jimmy Sheirgill and Gulshan Grover , who are also reported to be part of the shooting schedule in Lucknow. While Saif plays the role of a mafia don in the film, Sonakshi plays a city girl, who gets involved with him. Irrfan Khan, who also starred in Tigmanshu critically acclaimed Paan Singh Tomar , plays a cop in the movie.Meanwhile Dhulia, the Allahabadi filmmaker, has made several visits to the city in the last few months. Apart from location hunting, he's spent a considerable amount of time writing the script of the film here. However, he's consistently refused to talk about the shooting in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938666", "title": "Yash Chopra was a fan of my show: Kamlesh Pandey", "text": "They say the pen is mightier than the sword and noted writer Kamlesh Pandey proves that time and again. Known for his successful and long standing stint in advertising, films and television, he makes the film come to life through his scripts.Credited for writing the scripts of films like Tezaab, Dil, Saudagar, Beta, Chaalbaaz, Narsimha, Anari, Khalnayak and Rang De Basanti , he's currently working on the show Kuch Toh Log Kahenge that is inspired by a Pakistani show, Dhoop Kinar e, which airs on Sony Entertainment Television. And this show is every special for Kamlesh Ji as it has a huge fan following, including the late Yash Chopra.Says the writer, \"Yash ji was the first one from the film industry to call me and tell me that he loved my show, Kuch Toh Log Kahenge. He told me that he and his wife never missed even a single episode and if they did, they would keep it on recording. He even asked me about the female lead Kritika Kamra and said she's a fantastic actor and she's doing a great job! He was a fan of good writing and for me, it was a great compliment and reward coming from him\".Talking about his association with Yash Chopra , Kamlesh ji adds, \"I met Yash ji quite a few times. He had called me for a film long time back, but it did not work out. The last time I met him was at Mr. Amitabh Bachchan's birthday party. I told him I would love to see Jab Tak Hain Jaan. I always admired him. He was the last classic story teller. It's what we are missing from the industry today. Directors like Bimal Roy, Raj Kapoor, Guru Dutt and BR Chopra. Yash ji was the last of that generation\". \"In those days, the director was the superstar and not the actor. Actors would die to work with such directors. He was history and with the end of Yash Chopra- a huge chapter of Indian cinema is now closed. His films and spirit of films will continue and people will take the inspiration for romance from him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934807", "title": "'Modi using god's name for political ambitions'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Congress president Arjun Modhwadia alleged that state chief minister Narendra Modi's meeting with Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat was to only to stave off a revolt within the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Modhwadia said Modi had met the RSS leadership over the weekend.\"To overcome its own political problems in wake of the revolt like situation in the BJP, Modi went to Nagpur to seek the help of RSS leaders. The people of the state will wonder what are his intentions,\" said Modhwadia. Modi, however, denies that his meetings in Nagpur were politically motivated or inclined.Modhwadia also accused Modi of using god's name to fulfill his political aspirations. \"Be it Lord Rama or any other god or spiritual leader like Vivekananda or freedom fighter Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the BJP and Modi use their names for political ambitions,\" said Modhwadia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16941656", "title": "First phase of digital university framework successful: M S University", "text": "VADODARA: M S University on Wednesday said that it has been able to successfully complete the first phase of digital university framework. According to the university, the first batch of first year students have availed the online services from the university without any disruptions.From the current academic year, MSU has taken the initiative to maintain a complete 'student life cycle' to allow students experience the digital university framework.\"The digital university framework has now completed the first phase of registrations of the first year students of different undergraduate and postgraduate courses and generated and supplied user id and password to all the registered students. The system has automatically generated sms relating to the user id and password to those students who are enrolled,\" officer on special duty (registrar) Dr Amit Dholakia told TOI.\"As the next step, the semester-end examination of the months of November-December will be conducted using this software. The students will be getting all information related to examination schedule and examination time-table on the webpage. Examination form as well as examination hall ticket will be made directly available over the webpage,\" he said.Students will have to submit examination forms at their respective faculties in person before generating the exam hall ticket online. \"We (MSU) have taken this initiative to digitize our services in order to avoid any delays and frustrations that may arise in the student community due to contingent circumstances. Fortunately, we have received an overwhelming response from students,\" said Dholakia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16935233", "title": "Western Odisha gasps for fresh air", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The National Environmental Engineering Research Institution (NEERI), which undertook the 'carrying capacity' survey in Odisha'a new industrial hub of Jharsuguda and Sambalpur, has given thumbs down to the quality of air in the area.The survey report submitted to the State Pollution Control Board (SPCB) was aimed at examining if further industrialization is possible in those areas. The draft report is being examined by SPCB environment scientists.\"We have received the report and are examining the recommendations of NEERI. Another round of discussion will be held at Nagpur in November as to which components of the recommendations are necessary to take a decision regarding a cap on further industrialization in those areas,\" said senior environment scientist of SPCB Dilip Kumar Behera. NEERI reports revealed that emission of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and fluoride are causing environmental hazards in the area, he said. \"NEERI study reveals particulate matter -- 10 and 2.5 -- is responsible for air pollution. Mainly thermal plants, refractories, sponge iron units and coal mines are having an adverse effect on the environment,\" said Behera. He, however, said NEERI didn't give any industry specific recommendations.The SPCB had entrusted NEERI to conduct the study in a 45 km radius area with Rengali in Sambalpur district as the epicenter. Earlier, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Kharagpur, had conducted a similar survey, based on which some industries, in the first phase, were given closure notice.The basic purpose of the survey was to ascertain how much area in the districts can take the pollution load. \"It was a typical scientific study based on which newer technology can be put in place to check pollution and expansion plans of existing industries and accommodation of new industries can be decided accordingly,\" said NEERI director S R Wate.There are around 23 sponge iron units in Sambalpur-Jharsuguda region. \"After we felt that mostly sponge iron industries were responsible for dust and ash generation, we approached NEERI to conduct the study,\" said SPCB environment engineer A K Swar. Odisha is the only state which has 110 sponge iron units, which emit 45% ash, he said.He said earlier SPCB had recommended 'no standalone' sponge industry in the state. \"If one applies for only sponge iron industry, he won't be given the permit. A sponge iron industry henceforth can not be set up alone. There must be some ancillary unit attached to it,\" said Swar. He said pneumatic dust handling has been made compulsory for the industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16934173", "title": "80-ft Ravan stares at death with burning eyes", "text": "KANPUR: Effigies of Ravan this time range from 60 to 80 feet in height, so they were made in parts and assembled. The tallest effigy of Ravan in the city would be at Parade ground on Wednesday. The effigy is 80 feet in height and its eyes will glow even in the dark of night. A grand show of fireworks would be held before setting ablaze 'Lankesh' here on the Parade grounds.Artisans and workers in the past few days remained busy erecting effigies of demons of Ramayan, namely Ravan, Kumbhkarn and Meghnad, in the large open grounds in the city. While Meghnad and Kumbhkarn's effigies were torched on Monday, Ravan will be set on fire on the occasion of Dusshera on Wednesday.A dignitary of Parade Ram Lila committee V K Agarwal said in 2007, the tallest effigy made in the city was of 80 feet and was burnt in Parade ground. This year too an effigy as tall was prepared by their committee, he said. Agarwal added, \"Not only Ravana's effigy at 80 feet is tallest in the city, Meghnad and Kumbhkarn too had not match in height. Our Kumbakaran and Meghnad, burnt yesterday, were 60 feet tall each.\"At Bal Nikunj Park in Swaroop Nagar, effigies of the demonic-trio had been put up attracting attention of the commuters and locals of Swaroop Nagar and Arya Nagar.The work of erecting the effigies of the demons was in progress at Saket Nagar ground and H block ground Kidwai Nagar.Places where the effigies of Ravan were very tall, cranes were used to make them stand. This was the scene at Parade Ramlila ground, Shastri Nagar Central Park, Lajpat Nagar ground, Barra, Lal Bangla, Saket Nagar to name a few. The tall effigies of Ravan will be raised at several places in the city on Wednesday also.But at several other places in the city, the effigies of Meghnad and Kumbakaran were set on fire on Tuesday evening. Hundreds of thousands of people had gathered to see the fireworks.At Railway Stadium where Ramlila is organised by Uttar Madhya Railway Ramlila Committee, effigies of Kumbhkarn and Meghnad were burnt in the presence of a huge crowd.At Sarvajanik Ramlila Society, Ratanpur Colony in Panki, the members of the society set ablaze Meghnad effigy. Over here the effigy of Kumbakaran and Ravan would be burnt on Wednesday. The members of Sarvajanik Ramlila Navyuvak Committee, Shyam Nagar, the effigy of Meghnad was set on fire. School children, who had gathered in large number, enjoyed fireworks the most.At Sarvajanik Sanskritic Ramcharitra Parishad, Ramlila Samiti, Panki, the entire Lanka was set on fire before huge crowd.Slogans of Jai Shri Ram were raised by locals of the area when Lanka burnt. The people enjoyed every bit of the Ramlila.Meghnad and Kumbhkarn were burnt at Azad Nagar and Gujjaini. The event had been organised by Shree Gopaleshwar Dham Ramlila Samiti and Shree Adarsh Ramlila Samiti.The demon brothers of Ravan were also set on fire at Rail Bazar ground, Krishna Nagar ground and C Block Panki ground. This marked the triumph of good over evil but the major attraction for public would be burning of Ravan on Wednesday. The Ramlila samitis of the city have made necessary preparations for holding major fireworks on Dussehra Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937996", "title": "Love Master's premiere at a Cuttack theatre", "text": "Crowds, chaos, commotion \u2014 no this wasn't the scene outside a Durga Puja pandal. Friday saw the premiere of Babusaan's much-awaited home production, Love Master, at a Cuttack theatre.Not only was the theatre packed, the crowds outside were waiting eagerly to catch a glimpse of their chocolate boy hero. And they got their time's worth \u2014 as soon as Babusaan emerged from his car, fans waved and screamed for a glimpse of their hero. Riya Dey, looking gorgeous in a green sari, was also present at the premiere. \"We have really worked hard on the screenplay. I hope my fans will enjoy the movie. Let the audience watch what is true love and how it affects everyone,\" said Babusaan. His star parents, Uttam and Aparajita Mohanty, were at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16935227", "title": "Boy with cancer lies untreated", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The parents of 17-year-old Abhijit Mishra have sold almost everything they had for their son's treatment, and are now looking at an uncertain future as they don't know where from they can arrange more funds. Abhijit, a resident of the remote Saliganja village in Jajpur district's Danagadi block, is suffering from cancer.The Plus II student of Basyanagar College was down with cold last year and within weeks, his health deteriorated. Doctors at Jajpur Government Hospital suspected it might be cancer, and asked his parents to take him to Acharya Harihar Cancer Research Centre (AHCRC) in Cuttack. After tests, Abhijit was diagnosed with blood cancer.He will need Rs 3 lakh for radiotherapy and cycles of other costly treatments, his chances of survival were slim. \"We have sold almost everything we owned in our village to arrange money for the treatment of our son,\" said his father Paramananda, who works as a mechanic in a garage and earns Rs 6,000 per month.\"My husband has sold our cattle, hens, the bit of land we owned and even our furniture, but still we don't have enough money to cover the expenses of living in Cuttack and the special diet and medicines that Abhijit needs. Doctors advised us to admit Abhijit toa cancer hospital in Mumbai. But we have no money for that. That's why we have returned to our village,\" said Kanaklata, Abhijit's mother.From his bed, Abhijit understands that he is sick, but he has no idea of the desperate battle his family is fighting to ensure his survival.\"My son needs over Rs 3 lakh for treatment, but we cannot afford it and people are no longer so generous. I need help from the government and other sources,\" a distraught Paramananda said, his eyes moist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16933538", "title": "Woman throws three kids into well, commits suicide", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Apparently depressed over the family disputes, a 40-year-old woman committed suicide along with her sister-in-law's three children by jumping into a farm well at A Bhimavaram in Kotapadu mandal in the district on Tuesday. The incident took place in the afternoon but came into light only after the bodies of the woman and her nephews were found floating in the waters in the evening.According to sources, Appala Narsamma, wife of a farm labourer, went into a depression over the family disputes for the last one year. Her sister-in-law Manga of Devarapalli came with her children to stay with Narsamma for the Dasara festival.Sources said Narsamma took the children to the farm well and pushed two-year-old Tarun Kumar, five-year-old Aruna and seven-year-old Satyavathi into the waters.Later, she also jumped into the well. Sources said Narsamma was involved in a simmering dispute with her sister-in-law's family.Two bodies were recovered by the police and a search was on to fish out the remaining bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933779", "title": "Civic panel firm on dilution of hoarding policy", "text": "PUNE: Notwithstanding the resistance from civic organizations, the standing committee of Pune Municipal Corporation decided on Tuesday to stand by its decision to dilute the hoarding policy.Discounting the financial loss it may bring, and not waiting for the state government's approval, the committee had last week diluted the policy on hoardings in favour of the contractors. Following the hue and cry over the decision, all party leaders had assured to reconsider the decision.However, party leaders made a U-turn on Tuesday and refused to reconsider the dilution of the policy.\"This policy will remain in place only till the state government approves the comprehensive hoarding policy. The PMC has drafted the policy, which is pending with the state government. Once the state approves the policy, existing changes will be defunct,\" standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere told reporters.The policy has been pending with the state since 2010. The original policy approved by PMC's general body in 2010 recommended that the tender rate for hoarding should be around Rs 222 per sq ft. However, the standing committee brought it down to Rs 41.30 per sq ft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933395", "title": "Schools may need trade permit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon, schools and private educational institutions, wedding planners, astrologers, caterers etc will need a trade licence from civic agency in order to operate. With an aim to boost its revenue and regulate traders and service providers, the South Delhi Municipal Corporation has revised its policy trade licence, which was tabled in the standing committee meeting on Tuesday. With more than 100 new traders included in the revised policy, officials say it will increase the civic agency's revenue from Rs 3 crore to Rs 90 crore.For the first time, the corporation has decided to include schools, private educational institutions and service providers under the licence policy. \"Private schools will have to pay licence fee. They are charging exorbitant amount as fee from students. If a person is carrying out any commercial activity, then he/she should obtain a licence to operate from the civic agency,'' said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman, standing committee, South Corporation. The policy is likely to be tabled in the next House meeting.Officials say that the policy has been simplified and will end \"inspector raj\". Earlier, the licence fee was calculated based on the area of the shop and the trade. But as per the new policy, annual licence fee has been fixed as per the trade. Trades and services have been divided under 20 broad categories like retailing general, telcom related, financial sector, educational, health and fitness, service industry etc. \"Now, our officials will not go and measure the size of the shop. Licence fee is completely based on the trade. We have also tried to simplify the process. Traders will now have to submit very few documents and don't have to get a layout from experts,'' said Gehlot.With over 100 new trades and services included in the list, South corporation is hopeful that it will boost its revenue. \"At present, we get just Rs 3 crore from trade licence. But once we have registered all the traders and service providers, we will get close to Rs 100 crore from it. To encourage people to obtain licence for a period of three years, we will give a rebate of 10%,'' said Gehlot.And to ensure compliance, the civic agency has decided to rope in a private agency to carryout a survey and do the registration process. \"The private agency will go door-to-door to register traders. The agency, after verifying the documents will issue a provisional licence and deliver it within two months. It is a very big exercise, but once completed we will have our database ready. Our main task is to identify new traders and service providers,'' said Gehlot.Though the exercise will start by year end, but the licence will be given for the next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937104", "title": "Aditya Chopra as YRF\u2019s new face?", "text": "With the founder of Yash Raj no more, the concern is whether his reclusive son can step up and leadEven as the film industry mourns the loss of an institution, an air of uncertainty has enveloped one of its most powerful banners.With the founder of Yash Raj Films no more, the concern is not whether the show will go on as much as who will now be the face of this masses-friendly banner?While the late Yash Chopra's sons Aditya and Uday are extremely capable of carrying the YRF legacy forward, Aditya's conspicuous lack of interactive and social skills, as opposed to his father's unconditionally gregarious nature, is what is really worrying those close to YRF.A friend of the Chopra family said, \"Forget about social interaction. Adi is a recluse. He doesn't like being seen in the public domain. So far, he was happy in his space, functioning faceless, letting his father be the face and voice, the life and spirit of the banner. But what happens now?\"An actor associated with the production house spoke in Aditya's defence, \"Yash has left behind a fantastic legacy. He will be missed. He is irreplaceable. But production plans at Yash Raj will suffer no setback. Adi has an outstanding creative mind. He has the knack of sniffing out acting and directorial talent and making the best use of it. Names like Ranveer Singh , Anushka Sharma and Arjun Kapoor or Maneesh Sharma, Habib Faisal, Kabir Khan and Ali Abbas Zafar have all been discovered and groomed by Adi. For the last decade or so, Yash had receded to the background to allow Adi to take over the reins of production.\"Meanwhile, a source from YRF said, \"The company is run by excellent administrators who know their jobs in and out and care for the banner like they would their own family. Adi doesn't need to stretch himself to be seen and heard in the public domain. As for Yash, he was friendly, yes. But Adi is not hostile to social exposure. He is just wary of social contact. He won't change himself. He doesn't need to. Finally, it's the products that give Yash Raj their premium value.\"Another friend of the family said, \"I've been very close to Yash for many years. Ek ghar ka mahaul tha. After him, things are bound to change. Adi has a different approach to the family business. Earlier, actors and technicians who worked for the banner were part of the family. I think things would get a lot more business-like now.\"While there is no doubt the banner has passed into very capable hands for it has been Aditya who has been helming the many productions undertaken by it for long now, it is largely felt Adi will have to go on some serious goodwill hunting to be able to step into his father's rather large shoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16939455", "title": "Adventure sports camp at Pachmarhi from Oct 26", "text": "BHOPAL: With a view to promoting tourism, an adventure sports camp is being organised at Pachmarhi from October 26 to 30. Students of classes VIII to XII and tourists will participate in the camp. Tourists can participate in these activities by depositing the prescribed fees.The fees for the tourist's participation in the adventure sports camps are Rs 150 per head for the jungle camp, Rs 200 for the banana ride, Rs 400 for water surfing event, Rs 250 each for rock-climbing and rappelling.Fees amounting to Rs 125 per head will be charged for bike-riding, Rs 150 each for valley crossing and jobbing-ball. Rs 600 each would be charged for hot air balloon and parasailing events, Rs 100 for Burma Bridge, Rs 400 for bungee jumping, Rs 50 each for night trek and cycling sports.In the same manner, Rs 1800 will be charged from tourists for para-motor sports. Besides, if tourists wish to participate in all the above-mentioned activities, they will have to pay fees at the rate of Rs 3,500 per person.Tourists can participate in these activities from 3 to 5 pm after depositing the prescribed fees. The adventure sports will be held at Pachmarhi Lake, air-strip and camp site Nalanda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16944067", "title": "Six cops suspended for napping on duty", "text": "VADODARA: Dozing off on duty proved to be costly for six policemen posted at Makarpura police station.City police commissioner Satish Sharma issued suspension orders of six policemen and has initiated departmental inquiry against them. The incident happened late in the night on October 20. A senior police official caught them sleeping inside the police station.According to the police, ACP B division, Deepak Meghani reached the police station to carry out surprise check. He saw the assistant sub-inspectors and police constables sleeping. \"Some of them were supposed to be out on night patrolling while others had to be awake to attend to complaints. But they were all sleeping,\" said Sharma.Those suspended have been identified as assistant sub inspector Ramesh Malivad, head constables Kiransinh Ratansih, Jayanti Vitthal, Kanti Parshottam and police constables Sandeep Shankarrao and Ratilal Ramji. \"We will also take departmental action against them,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938956", "title": "Justin Bieber stole credit card", "text": "Justin Bieber paid for his penis enlargement with a stolen credit card, and cheated on girlfriend Selena Gomez with Ke$ha, Rihanna and Penelope Cruz , according to a new lawsuit.Bieber has been sued in Michigan by a man claiming to be Gomez's father, who makes some of the most insane allegations ever documented in court, TMZ reported.The man is reported to have said in the court documents that Bieber borrowed 426.78 dollars from him to pay for an abortion for Gomez.\"This money was used as abortion money because Justin Bieber got my daughter Selena pregnant in my bedroom, on my canadian bear rug,\" he wrote.The most ludicrous claim in the lawsuit regards singer Usher , who signed Bieber to his label.\"Usher Raymond came to my house on the forth (sic) of july 2012 and sodomised me with a firework and lit it inside my anal area while blaring kate perry (sic) firework song in my ear drum,\" the man said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934705", "title": "Crime against women: RTI reply reveals sorry state of detection", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An application under the Right to Information (RTI) Act filed with the state police by a city-based group revealed that in 95 per cent of the total cases of crime against women between 2001 and 2009, the investigation is either pending with the courts or is abandoned due to lack of any further leads.Citizen Resource and Action Initiative (CRANTI) had filed an RTI in 2009 with the state police to know number of crimes against women in various districts, how many of the persons were arrested in connection with these cases and what actions have been taken to prevent cases such as robbery and rape.Bharatsinh Zala, a CRANTI member, said that the data revealed that in nine years between 2001 and 2009, the state reported 2,569 cases of rape, 1,664 cases of robbery (like chain snatching), and 2,177 murders of women. Ahmedabad city has reported the highest number of rapes (317) and robberies (849).\"Interestingly, we got to know that the inquiry and judicial process is over in only 3 per cent of the total cases. While many of the cases are still under investigation, in most of the cases, especially robbery, the investigators have shown lack of any further progress. In cases such as rape, the number of pending cases is alarming,\" said Zala.He added that they had to appeal to the state information commission to get the data that was not provided to them in stipulated time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16935802", "title": "Hyacinth in Harike wildlife sanctuary may deter winged visitors", "text": "AMRITSAR: The polluted waters of Harike wildlife sanctuary could cause a drop in the number of winged visitors from Central Asian countries who arrive here to escape harsh cold winters.The migratory birds that form an important part of ecosystem of Harike also face threat from poachers here, sources said.\"Five percent of the total expected population of migratory birds have arrived, but around 50% area of water body is polluted with hyacinth weed, which is an indicator of pollution in water,\" district forest officer (wildlife) M Sudhagar told TOI on Tuesday.Prominent among the migratory birds, which have arrived in the sanctuary, are Bar-headed goose and Rudy shield ducks. The department had written to the pollution control board to take required steps to check pollution levels in water which rises due to mixing of industrial effluents and municipal corporation sewage in Satluj river, he said.\"Pollution in water may not show any direct or immediate effect on birds, but it is harmful for birds in the long run,\" Sudhagar said.Due to high growth of water hyacinth, there was not much surface water left for birds to feed on or to mate, which may force them to fly somewhere else. The pollutants have affected water plants and fish - the food for migratory birds, he said, adding that the department has now begun physical removal of hyacinth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "16944068", "title": "Dubai-based Gujaratis donate Rs 7 crore to Charotar University of Science and Technology", "text": "Vadodara/Anand: Changa-based Charotar University of Science and Technology (CHARUSAT) in Anand district has received donation of Rs seven crore from a Dubai-based Gujarati family.Chairman and managing director of Dubai-based Emirates Transformer and Switchgear Limited P D Patel has donated Rs three crore to CHARUSAT Healthcare and Research Foundation (CHRF).Patel, who is a native of Piplav village of Charotar region, had earlier promised to donate Rs four crore for the MRI section which is coming up at the multi-specialty 450 bed hospital that CHARUSAT is setting up at near its campus in Changa.With this, the Patel family has donated Rs seven crore to the campus in total as the family had already donated Rs three crore to CHARUSAT for setting up PD Patel Institute of Applied Sciences (PDPIAS).Patel's son Manubhai, who is managing director of Vadodara-based Sigil India Private Limited, has remained a member of the board of Charotar Institute of Technology and is presently a member of the board of management of CHARUSAT apart from being a trustee of CHRF.Interestingly, the family had initially started supporting the private university by donating Rs 25 lakh for a laboratory which was later augmented to Rs one crore to set up a full-fledged department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16938888", "title": "Milky Way black hole wakes up, eats dust cloud", "text": "NEW DELHI: The \"gentle giant\" black hole at the center of our galaxy, the Milky Way, has woken up and is munching on a dust cloud, scientists reported yesterday. This is the first time that direct observed evidence on the black hole called Sagittarius A* (pronounced Sagittarius A-star and abbreviated Sgr A*), has been collected.Nasa's newest X-ray telescope, the Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array (NuSTAR), launched in June this year caught x-rays being emitted from the center of the Milky Way. Sgr A* is usually quiet and hence invisible because like all black holes it's very high density doesn't allow any light to escape from it. This time however it has been caught in the middle of a flare-up.\"We got lucky to have captured an outburst from the black hole during our observing campaign,\" said Fiona Harrison, the mission's principal investigator at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in Pasadena.\"These data will help us better understand the gentle giant at the heart of our galaxy and why it sometimes flares up for a few hours and then returns to slumber.\"NuSTAR captures the highest-energy X-rays to produce focused images. For two days in July, it teamed up with NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory, which sees lower-energy X-ray light; and the W.M. Keck Observatory atop Mauna Kea in Hawaii, which took infrared images to observe Sgr A*. The results were dramatic and unexpected.Compared to giant black holes at the centers of other galaxies, Sgr A* is relatively quiet. Active black holes tend to gobble up stars and other fuel around them. Sgr A* is thought only to nibble or not eat at all, a process that is not fully understood, NASA scientists said. When black holes consume fuel -- whether a star, a gas cloud or, as recent Chandra observations have suggested, even an asteroid -- they erupt with extra energy.In May this year scientists from Harvard and Johns Hopkins University reported their discovery of a feeding supermassive black hole in a galaxy some 2.5 billion light years away. It was gobbling up a red giant star consisting mainly of Helium.In the case of Sgr A*, NuSTAR picked up X-rays emitted by consumed matter being heated up to about 100 million degrees Celsius and originating from regions where particles are boosted very close to the speed of light. Astronomers say these NuSTAR data, when combined with the simultaneous observations taken at other wavelengths, will help them better understand the physics of how black holes snack and grow in size.\"\"Astronomers have long speculated that the black hole's snacking should produce copious hard X-rays, but NuSTAR is the first telescope with sufficient sensitivity to actually detect them,\"\" said NuSTAR team member Chuck Hailey of Columbia University in New York City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16933935", "title": "Driver held for fleeing with Rs 3.5 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: A month after he stole Rs 3.58 lakh from his employer, Ayesha Khan (29), a driver, Aayan Shaikh (24), was nabbed on Sunday.On September 25, after dropping Khan at a Khar restaurant, Shaikh fled with her car and purse. \"We got his mobile number from his agency, but couldn't find him,\" said cops.Shaikh was spotted in Surat by a hotel manager who got suspicious while the accused was spending the loot on liquor. The local police arrested Shaikh and recovered Rs 2.10 lakh. Shaikh is in police custody till October 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16941923", "title": "Prayag United to take one match at a time", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prayag United might have begun their I-League campaign with two wins on the trot but their coach Sanjoy Sen feels that his side are a long way away from realising the dream of title finish.\"My team has made a positive start in the I-League with six points from two matches but it is still a long way to go,\" Sen said after reaching here with his players for their third round match against ONGC at Ambedkar Stadium on October 26.\"There are 24 rounds left and we will take it match by match,\" he added.Sen said he did not want to put the pressure on his players by talking about the title now.Prayag have done much better than their two Kolkata rivals East Bengal (four points from two matches) and Mohun Bagan (one point from two matches) so far in the league.They beat Air India 5-1 in their opening match before stunning Mohun Bagan 2-1 in the second round.At present, Prayag United are sharing the top spot with Dempo on six points from two matches.ONGC, meanwhile, have lost both their opening matches, 2-3 to Pune FC and 0-5 to Churchill Brothers and will be desperate to pick up their first points against Prayag United.Coach Subrata Bhattacharya said he would hope his foreign recruits -- Katsumi Yuso (Japan), I K Echukwu and Oneyama Eke (both from Nigeria) -- and young players like Robin Gurung, Bilfrang Nazary and K V Lalu rise to the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16934908", "title": "Post-narco test, driver screams memory loss", "text": "BHOPAL: One of the three persons subjected to narco-analysis test in connection with Jhurjura tigress killing case says he is now fighting loss of memory after he was given a shot of 'truth serum'. This is second incident from the state, wherein a person who volunteered to take the test, is now complaining of its adverse affect on brain.\"I might not recall tomorrow what I told you just now. The test has badly affected my memory,\" Man Singh - terminated driver of Bandhavgarh National Park - told this to TOI, adding he will claim compensation for the alleged side-effects of the test.Man Singh, 38, was terminated by the forest department on charges of hiding facts related to death of the Jhurjura tigress in May 2010. He was also subjected to several rounds of interrogation by forest officials keeping him in 'illegal' detention. He was released after his wife moved a habeas-corpus petition in the court.Later Special Task Force (STF) - that took over the investigation - decided to conduct narco-analysis test of suspects for a substantial scoop and shortlisted four persons.Man Singh was the first to give his consent. He underwent narco-analysis tests- on July 30 at the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) in Gujarat's Gandhinagar. Lie-detection, brain-mapping and psycho assessments were also conducted upon him earlier, said sources.\"My officers instead terminated me posing a deaf ear to whatever I said. So undergoing this test was the only option with me to clear their doubts,\" Man Singh said.Before administering the drug (sodium pentothal), doctors at Gandhinagar FSL had reconfirmed his consent, but he maintained his stand, said the STF officials adding he has been given a clean-chit.\"Now I want my job back and compensation for loss that I and my family suffered,\" says Man Singh. When contacted Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF) P K Shukla said he was not aware of any development in the STF's investigation. \"Will initiate necessary action once the investigation is complete\" he said.In the past also, a similar complaint was made by Mujib Sheikh, 26, a suspect in the 2008 Ahmedabad serial bomb blasts case - who underwent narco analysis at Gandhinagar FSL on October 13 in 2011. He was arrested by the MP Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) along with seven other alleged Indian Mujahedeen (IM) members in 2011.Sheikh's lawyer Naeem Khan had moved an application in the Madhya Pradesh high court (MPHC) seeking medical attention for his client citing that he was suffering from serious adverse impact of the truth serum. The matter is under investigation and a report is awaited from the Gandhinagar FSL. \"My client still needs care. We are waiting for FSL report for further action,\" Khan said. When contacted, state medico legal institute (MLI) director Dr D S Badkur said the narco-analysis may result in long-lasting side effects, especially on brain, if proper care is not given. He emphasised on post-test care of the accused/suspects by departments concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937725", "title": "Senior artistes have made music their jaagir: Abhay Sopori", "text": "The suave and urbane Abhay Rustom Sopori has quite a passion to do the right thing for young musicians of the country, especially the underprivileged lot. And he lets ne know that in no uncertain terms. A santoor player of international repute, Sopori is taking forward his father Pandit Bhajan Sopori's legacy of santoor vaadan. \"It's a big responsibilty, but one which I love,\" says Abhay with evident pride.Recipient of several awards like the Sangeet Natak Akademi award, Ustad Bismillah Khan Yuva Puraskar, J&K; State Award (the highest Civilian Award of the State of Jammu &amp; Kashmir), Glory of India Award and the Bharat Shiromani Award, Abhay is the youngest classical musician to compose and conduct orchestras and folk music ensembles in India. In Lucknow recently to perform both at the Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow and at Avadh Girls Degree College, the gifted musician spoke to TOI about music, talent and much moreColours Of Music Passionate about folk music, Abhay and his father have formed a troupe comprising of lesser known folk musicians that travels across the world. He says, \"The troupe, nearly 80 folk instrumentalists who make amazing music but were earlier lost in ignominy, is called Haft Rang, which means seven colours. The name denotes the seven notes of music. My father began this concept and I'm taking it forward. It's a very interesting ensemble, because on one hand we have a violinist who's educated and can read the notes, on the other side we have a rabab player who is illiterate but has a keen ear for music and just follows the notes by instinct. My job is to bring out the colour of each percussion instrument. Most of the times I also teach them the notes to get the perfect composition created by me on stage. It's not an easy task but it's a lot of fun.\"Fusion's confusion! While his own brand of music manages to sound classical yet modern,Abhay refuses to term it 'fusion'. Instead, he questions: \"What defines fusion music? An amalgamation of Indian and Western Classical? But then, can anyone decide in what proportion the two can be mixed? No. So, I don't believe in fusion music. I believe in making music which pleases the ears.\"However, that doesn't mean Abhay hasn't experimented with mixing folk and Western music. \"If you don't innovate, music will die out. And I'm not saying I'm presenting folk, I'm presenting an ensemble. This is the only way to propagate folk music among today's audiences. One has to present music to an audience keeping in mind its choice and age. Pure classical music may not appeal to youngsters, so one has to evolve. Only then can you make them love music.\"Where is the young blood in music? Not just young audiences, Abhay is concerned about young musicians as well. Sopori is quick to point out the lack of young classical music instrumentalists in our country, and says, \"I understand the pain of musicians. There are so many talented ones who don't get a chance. I was lucky to have my father's support but there are others who just don't get a chance. In fact, my father and I call people who want to hog the limelight as culture vultures. Most of these senior musicians, I won't name any one or two, are so insecure that they don't want to give juniors, even their own shishyas a chance to step onto the stage,\" he says.An agitated Abhay adds, \"There are so many established organisations but how many young musicians have they invited? I wonder why organizers don't consider them? If we want our music to be popular we need to introduce innovation and get more people to propagate it. But sadly, senior artistes have made it their personal jaagir. They have had a monopoly. They don't realize that this way they are killing music. They don't think about who after them who will carry forward the music? It's high time they gave youngsters a chance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16935238", "title": "Test before you taste milk and khoya", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Food &amp; Drug Administration (FDA) department is poised to educate and spread awareness among masses regarding purity of food and milk products during festivals like the forthcoming Diwali and on the other hand, an instant kit to determine purity of milk has become popular in KAVAL cities. An instant impurity detection kit is helping consumers in various cities check adulteration in 'khoya' and sweets. These kits are helpful and quick compared to laboratory tests which take days to confirm if sample is adulterated.Food safety officials are promoting consumers to use the kits or other time-tested methods to detect on the spot if the khoya or mithai has impurities. But, since these kits use solutions such as tincture of iodine and sulphuric acid, other traditional methods are also being employed.\"A few drops of tincture of iodine can test the quality of khoya. If it turns bluish, it is adulterated. Sulphuric acid also rule out adulteration,\" said an official.Adulteration causes serious risk to human health. Presence of harmful starch, urea mixed milk, caustic soda, 'ararot', artificial sweetening chemicals, non-approved colored sweets (like heavy metals incorporated malachite green, etc) and unhygienic conditions lead to acute gastritis, serious diarrhoea, dysentery, dehydration, kidney inflammation, etc.Apart from constituting teams for conducting raids on specific locations, the department has also planned to set up a helpline to provide information and teach methods to detect adulteration in food products. Chief Food Safety Officer, HK Srivastava told TOI \"We are ready to apprise people about the benefits of home remedies to detect adulteration in food products. Besides, there is a plan in place to conduct surprise raids at sweet shops, godowns and manufacturing units from where samples will be collected and sent to the Public Analysis Lab, Lucknow and Regional Public Analysis, Varanasi for tests.The state government had formed FDA (Food &amp; Drug Administration) to check cases of adulteration but public participation and coordination is must to eradicate the menace. \"Everyone should be alert while purchasing food and milk products and he or she should also be aware of the homely tips to check adulteration,\" said Srivastava. He added that public awareness was must to deal with the situation and people should come forward to know simple measures/techniques to detect adulteration. A team of 12 food inspectors are working round-the-clock to detect cases of adulteration in the district.If anyone wants to complain against food/milk adulterated product, he or she may contact office of the FDA and food inspectors would help them out.FDA officials have launched a special drive to apprise people about simple measures to detect adulteration at home or take professional assistance if required. The officials of FDA are also gearing up to initiate actions under the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act (1954) against errant shop owners. \"Public generally is not optimally aware about adulteration and the ways in which items of consumption are laced with harmful additives, either to enhance its shelf-life or to give it more volume,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16938850", "title": "Shortage of doctors and paramedics hits Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: The Chhattisgarh government may have won accolades for providing health insurance to lakhs of unorganized workers in the state but its promise of providing quality health care to the common man has been severely hit by an acute shortage of doctors, specialists, nurses, and paramedic staff. Unbelievably, 76% of class I posts in the medical cadre in the state are lying vacant at present.While the situation is bad in all districts including the state capital Raipur, rural and far-flung areas are the worst affected where people depend on quacks or 'jadu-tona' for treatment.According to the latest data, a large number of posts sanctioned for medical staff in district hospitals, civil hospitals and community health centres (CHC) have been lying vacant on an average for over a year.Almost 822 (76%) of the 1070 sanctioned posts of class I cadre, which includes chief medical officers (CMOs), directors, joint director and specialists remain vacant. Against the sanctioned strength of 1476 medical officers, the state presently has only 1085.Nearly 29% of paramedical staff posts, including ministerial staff like accountants etc are also lying vacant.In Raipur alone, out of the127 sanctioned posts of doctors, 30 have been lying vacant and only 28 nurses are working against the sanctioned strength of 95.Posts of 24 pharmacists and 41 lab technicians are also vacant against the sanctioned strength of 111 and 66 respectively.In primary health centres, there are 132 vacancies of doctors against the sanctioned strength of 764. The situation is grim at district and civil hospitals and community health centres where only 777 doctors are working against the 2,169 sanctioned posts for doctors including specialists.Similarly, only 367 pharmacists are working against the sanctioned strength of 1100.Cumulatively speaking, 386 slots for lab technicians are yet to be filled out of 761, and there is a dire need for 2369 nurses and around 150 nursing sisters. Almost 50% posts of male health care workers have also been lying vacant. Director Health Services, Dr Kanwalpreet Singh admitted the shortage of doctors in state.\"We are in the process of recruitment and we keep advertising the vacancies on an adhoc basis every three months. We have raised the salaries of doctors by an additional Rs 30,000 but we are still facing problems.\" Experts say more than the vacancies, 'absconding' doctors- a term used for those medicos who remain absent from work, is a bigger concern.Officials admit that many doctors don't turn up to treat patients in primary and community health centres yet draw their salaries on a regular basis.A ministry report released one year ago had pointed out that only 6.3% of the posts for doctors are vacant on paper while a staggering 67% of them play truant.There is no denying that there is an acute shortage of doctors in India and as per a Planning Commission study, the country is short of six lakh doctors, 10 lakh nurses and 2 lakh dental surgeons. The doctor-patient ratio is dismal to the say the least.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16942474", "title": "Red Bull hungry for points in every race, says Mark Webber", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: They have a healthy 77-point lead over Ferrari with just four races left in the season but Red Bull driver Mark Webber says they are not taking the constructors' title for granted and \"hunger\" for success is still there in them.\"Hunger is still there as every race is a new challenge for us. We would like to win every race to end the season on a high,\" Webber said.\"Yes, we have a good lead at the constructors' table to the day. Everyone associated with the team has put in a massive effort to take us where we are right now. There would be nothing more satisfying than to win the teams' championship three years in a row.\"It's a very special achievement for Red Bull. The next two events are very important that we keep our foot on their throats and see how the next few go. We are not looking at the points really. We need to reap in the maximum from the races ahead,\" Weber said.The early part of the season witnessed some strong finishes among Red Bull, McLaren and Ferrari but in the last five races, Red Bull has zoomed past its nearest rivals as Sebastian Vettel recorded three straight victories in Singapore, Japan and Korea.Asked about the turnaround, the 36-year-old Australian replied, \"We have a good understanding of the cars now and we have done a lot of research and developments in the last two three months.\"\"This has been not easy for us. We were on such a high-level previous year and in the first part of the championship this year we were just hanging there in terms of results.\"I won some GPs early on in the year. Vettel had the car also and was quite happy with it and later on, he started winning the races quite well. In terms of developing the car, we are very strong in that area,\" he said.Webber conceded that the current season has been a very \"competitive\" one for all the teams with changes in tyres and introduction of new FIA regulations.\"The season has been pretty competitive. The tyres and the new regulations are two major issues. The tyres were changed and we had been trying to understand them. We are slowly getting on top of that.\"Also the regulations were quite different from last year. You see the blown diffuser was quite powerful and we were the team that tried it really. That was banned. We had to work out how to get the cars happy again around these new regulations. So far, in terms of the team, we are doing good. We have to beat the others and that's the motivation which keeps us going,\" he said.Webber had finished fourth in the inaugural edition of the Indian Grand Prix last year, and the 6 feet 1 inch tall from New South Wales said he would settle for nothing less than a podium finish this year on October 28.\"Looking to spray some champagne on the podium. I am looking for a good Sunday ahead. A lot will depend on how we fare in qualifying sessions,\" he said.Webber said Ferrari's Fernando Alonso has a good chance of bagging the title over his teammate Vettel.\"I think Alonso has a good chance of winning the title. He had a couple of tough races like Suzuka (Japan) where he lost points. But with four races to go, both Sebastian and Alonso have many points left to bag. It is still very open.\"Both of them have had a tough time but they have been very consistent too. Anything can happen. We could have a wet race in Brazil. It's not over till it is over,\" he added.Talking about his own performance through the season, Webber said, \"I would love to win races and improve my position on the championship table, as much as possible. Our goal is to challenge for victories and we are capable of doing that.\"Webber, who played some cricket with the Indian opener Gautam Gambhir here at the Noida International University, said a trip to the country is incomplete without a game of cricket.\"A trip to India is incomplete without the delicious food and a game of cricket. Cricket as a sport requires a lot of concentration and hand-eye coordination, especially under extreme conditions, and so does Formula One,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16933755", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation plans over 1,900 additional trips for Diwali", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has planned about 1,935 special trips from Pune to various destinations across the state to clear the extra rush of passengers during the Diwali season. MSRTC officials on Tuesday said the special trips will run from November 8 to 13.The MSRTC will also make arrangements for additional trips depending upon the last-minute rush. Last year, about 2,400 bus trips were organised during the Diwali season and a similar number of trips are expected this season, the officials said.On-line booking facility for all 1,935 trips is available on www.msrtcors.co.in and www.msrtc.gov.in. Besides, advance booking facilities are also available at reservation centers at the MSRTC termini and with 40 authorised booking agents in the city.The special buses will leave from Shivajinagar, Swargate, Pune station, Pimpri and College of Engineering Pune's (CoEP) ground at Shivajinagar. The MSRTC will set up a temporary bus stand at the CoEP ground, from where about 600 buses will leave. As many as 850 special buses will leave from Swargate and over 290 from Shivajinagar, while the remaining buses will leave from Pune station and Pimpri.Buses to Marathwada and Vidarbha region - including Nagpur, Amravati, Aurangabad, Akola, Buldhana - will leave from Shivajinagar and CoEP ground. Buses to destinations like Kolhapur, Sangli, Miraj, Mahabaleshwar, Solapur, Belgaum, Ratnagiri, Chiplun, Hubli will leave from the Swargate ST stand. About 90% of the special bus trips are of 2X2 Parivartan category, while the remaining are of semi-luxury category buses. Regular trips from the MSRTC termini will continue to run as usual.An official said the MSRTC will approach the police department to provide additional security arrangements at ST stands and at the temporary bus stand at CoEP.MSRTC to approach RTO against pvt operatorsMSRTC officials said they will approach the Regional Transport Office (RTO) and demand urgent action against illegal transport and private buses parked near the ST stands. Officials said the RTO needs to take strict action against private agents and buses parked within a distance of 200 metres from an ST stand. Officials said the passengers often complain of nuisance by the agents and overcharging by private operators. They also pointed out that the MSRTC buses confront similar problems on the highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "16938647", "title": "Devotee from Noida makes Rs 5 cr offering to Lord Venkateswara temple", "text": "TIRUPATI: An industrialist from Uttar Pradesh made an offering of Rs 5 crore to the famous hill shrine of Lord Venkateswara on Wednesday.Temple sources said that the man offered prayers to the presiding deity of Lord Venkateswara, known as Lord Balaji in North India and later handed over a demand draft for Rs 5 crore to top officials of Tirumala Tirupati Devathanams, which manages the hill shrine.The devotee from Noida, who did not wish to be named, had donated a simliar amount in 2010, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16934739", "title": "KBC winner aims to stand on her feet again", "text": "JAIPUR: The saying 'for a gallant spirit there can never be a defeat', holds true for 27-year-old Shatabdi Awasthi from Sawai Madhopur who has traumatic paraplegia (a condition in which lower parts of the body including legs stop functioning) after she fell down from the terrace of her house. Despite all adversities, Shatabdi's interest in studies fetched her a seat in 'Kaun Banega Crorepati' (KBC) where she won Rs 50 lakh. However, she is yet to fulfill her dream of undergoing the costly operation and a wish to meet chief minister Ashok Gehlot for government's intervention.Ever since Shatabdi's return from KBC there has been a continuous stream of people congratulating her including her colleagues from State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ), Sawai Madhopur. Now her aim is to go for operation which is available only in New Zealand.\"My phone has been continuously ringing since the day I returned to Sawai Madhopur. Some are giving me compliments while many are sending me best wishes for my treatment. It is very overwhelming,\" said Shatabdi while talking to TOI over phone from Sawai Madhopur on Tuesday.Shatabdi attributes her academic success that fetched her job of assistant bank manager and the hot seat in KBC to her family. She is determined to stand on her feet again.\"I fell down while cleaning the terrace of my house in 2006. Though I could not stand on my feet but my family's support including my seven sisters and mother always helped me to be independent through education.. I was selected in bank probationary officer 's exam in 2010 and am now working as assistant manager,\" she said.Sharing her experience while playing the game show and sitting in front of Amitabh Bachchan , she said, \"He was very humble and supportive. Everybody including the co-contestants and the crew of KBC was kind to me. My idol is cricketer Yuvraj Singh who battled cancer and returned to the field. My wish is to stand on my feet.\"Talking about her condition, she said, \"Since 2006 we have been trying to find out if I can be treated for this. We had spoken to the doctors at the All India Medical Institute of Sciences (AIIMS) who told us that the operation for traumatic paraplegia is available at some of the hospitals in New Zealand. The cost of the operation including my journey with an escort to the country would be around Rs 80 lakh.\"\"I am planning to meet the chief minister and will seek the government's support for my medication as the state through various schemes has made 'medication' easy for common people,\" she added.Talking about her marriage prospects she said, \"Ab to pairon pe khade hoke hi shaadi karoongi (I will marry the day I can stand on my feet).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16934771", "title": "EC to watch expenses closely", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The election commission says that it will keep stringent watch on candidates' election expenditure. As soon as a candidate submits his or her poll campaign itinerary as annexure 16 to the area police, a copy of it would be sent to returning officer, who will commission video surveillance of the public meeting. Election officials will match information on the form to the that at the actual location.The footage will be sent to a special accounting team, who will audit everything from the number of chairs and tables, sound system and pandal cost to the area covered or hired for the meeting. The commission has also urged the public to call its toll free numbers to inform on any meetings candidates may hold without its knowledge.\"Even the cost of tea served at a private meeting by the candidate will be part of the expenditure. The special account teams have a list of price bands for expenditure on furniture, food served, sound systems and vehicles hired. We will match the information on the form with ground reality and take strict action against candidates who falter,\" says Ahmedabad collector Vijay Nehra.\"If a candidate exceeds the cap of Rs 16 lakh by even a rupee, and wins, the election commission can disqualify the candidate. We are serious about poll expenditure,\" claims Nehra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16935949", "title": "Debutant Nationalist Congress Party releases its poll manifesto in Shimla", "text": "SHIMLA: The debutant Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in the state which is fielding former education minister Radha Raman Shastri as its prominent candidate released its manifesto on Tuesday, claiming to be a better alternative to big parties.It promises at least 80% employment to trained youth in the industrial sector of the present and the future. Besides, it aims to set up cottage industries to check outmigration from rural areas. The manifesto aims at simplifying the process of setting up hydroelectric projects to increase production capacity, and to improve health services with various laboratories and healthcare centres. The manifesto has promised to provide more teachers in schools.It talks about stressing upon the central government to provide at least nine LPG cylinders in a year and to harness solar energy , and promote horticulture. Also, NCP hopes to construct a railway line from Yamunanagar to Paoanta and Rohru, and Karcham in Kinnaur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16934674", "title": "Looking forward to my second freedom, says Schumacher", "text": "Seven-time champion Michael Schumacher's second stint in F1, after coming back from retirement in 2010 to drive for Mercedes GP, didn't quite get the fairytale ending he and his fans would have hoped for.In the last three seasons leading up to this Sunday's Airtel Indian Grand Prix, the German has failed to win a single race, his last win coming way back in 2006, at the Chinese Grand Prix.As he readies to retire one final time, Schumacher tells TOI he's leaving F1 with lots of positive memories. Excerpts...When you decided to return to Formula One, your aim was to win an eighth world title. How would you analyze your second coming?Well, there's no doubt we could not achieve our goal to develop a world championship-winning car. But I have shown that I am still able to compete with the best drivers in the world, and I have continuously raised my level. Overall, I am happy with my performance and I have taken a lot of positives from these three seasons.Many believe Schumacher has become a more open and likeable person after his return. How did the time away from the sport change you as a person?Since my first retirement from Formula One in 2006, I have opened my horizons, and I have learned that opening up does not necessarily cost you performance. But then, I have been very lucky in my life to be able to do the things I love and to live my convictions. For next year, I am looking forward to returning to my 'freedom' with my family.After your retirement in 2006, you were associated with Ferrari as an advisor. Do you see a similar role for yourself at Mercedes GP, assisting good friend Ross Brawn ?At the moment my only plan is to have no plan. I don't want to think further. I still have four races left which need my 100% concentration. I live in the present, and future will tell what the future will bring.Do you think you have grown as a person in your second stint?I am still the same person I always was. But, I think I learned a lot about myself, and also about how to deal with the situation when times are tough. So perhaps, this time I allowed people to see me in a different way. That, in a way, made it easier to see the person I really am.There has been a marked improvement in your performance this season. In spite of that, you still trail your teammate Nico Rosberg by 50 points this season. Do you think luck was not on your side?Nico has been one of my strongest teammates and the fight between us has always been a close and intense one. I know I could have scored more points this year, but I don't like talking about luck as an explanation. The reasons are clear and factual - we had reliability problems and I made some mistakes, too. Those were the factors that cost us the points we could otherwise have scored.Despite taking the pole in Monaco , you missed out on a possible win due to a five-place grid penalty. Do you think a win this season could have changed your retirement decision?Decisions like this do not depend on a single result. Of course a win would have fired up my motivation for a while, but am not retiring for lack of results. I was not sure I could still have the energy and motivation that you need to carry on and continue making the big efforts and sacrifices that Formula One requires.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16940996", "title": "Punjab to set up solar power clusters for tubewells", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab government has decided to explore the possibility of developing solar power clusters to energise agricultural pumps in rural areas, which can help the state to bring down the power subsidy cost, an official said.Punjab Deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal on Wednesday said that \"there is a large scope for developing solar power clusters in rural areas to provide power to agricultural pumps directly thereby cutting the subsidy and further investing the saved money to produce clean energy\".Badal asked the state non-renewable energy minister Bikram Singh Majithia to get a study including technical as well as financial viability of the proposed solar power clusters done.\"Under this proposed initiative, a cluster of tubwells will be identified and after identifying the power requirement of these tubwells, solar power panel with one time investment can be installed to supply power to agricultural pumps,\" state-owned Punjab Energy Development Agency (PEDA) Chief Executive Officer T P S Sidhu said.The Punjab government supplies free power to farmers and the subsidy burden arising out of free power is expected to grow to Rs 5,700 crore this fiscal.Majithia informed the deputy chief minister that PEDA was considering a proposal to create land pools in Kandi as well as Kalanaur area of Gurdaspur district to attract investment for setting up of big solar power plants.Badal also asked PEDA to set a target to generate 500 MW of power, each in biomass as well as solar power sectors in next two years. He also asked PEDA to analyse reasons for slow implementation of setting up such power plants and directed to remove the bottlenecks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939387", "title": "Khiladi 786: Lonely", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhuj", "code": "16935343", "title": "Woman jumps into well with two sons", "text": "BHUJ: A woman jumped into a well along with her two sons in Lakadia village of Bhachau taluka on Monday. While the two boys could not be saved, the mother has been admitted to a hospital in a serious condition.Police said that Champa Koli (25) and her two sons Ravi (5) and Pawan (2) jumped into the well when Ravi's mundan ceremony was about to be held. She managed to go out of the house despite the presence of a large number of guests. The reason why she took the extreme step is yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16939108", "title": "Women hit sexual peak at age 35", "text": "Thirty is the new twenty when it comes to having good sex, a new study has revealed.Previous research appeared to indicate that women peaked sexually at 28 and men at 31 but the study suggests that the true figure for women is at least seven years later.The new research found that women with the highest sex drives are aged between 35 and 44 - with 17 per cent rating their libido as 10 out of 10, the Daily Mail reported.More than a third of women, 36 per cent in the same age group are having sex two to three times a week and fifth, 20 percent, four to six times a week.More than three-quarters of women in this age group are totally satisfied with their sex lives.One factor in the high levels of sexual satisfaction in middle-aged women is the hit erotic novel 'Fifty Shades Of Grey,' of those who have read the book, 47 per cent say that it has actively influenced their sex lives.And fun-loving celebrities in the 35 to 44 age group appear to confirm the trend.Hollywood beauty Cameron Diaz , 40, said she had enjoying the best sex of her life as she has got older.\"I love physical contact. I have to be touching my love, like, always. It's not optional,\" she said.Sex toy retailer Lovehoney polled 2,100 men and women ranging in age from 18 to over 65.The aim was to find out how happy people are with their sex lives, how often they have sex and how libido is affected by age.\"Many women do find their arousal levels actually increase with age, and that they peak sexually in their mid-thirties to forties,\" Sex and relationship expert Julie Peasgood said.\"I think the popularity of Fifty Shades of Grey indicates a sensual appetite, particularly in older women, and has enabled women to feel more connected with their sexuality.\"\"This survey seems to demonstrate that as women reach their 30s and 40s, many of them in long-term relationship, they have, for the most part, developed an awareness of their bodies and what will satisfy the needs of themselves and their partners,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16934804", "title": "One more tests positve for dengue", "text": "BHOPAL: Another person tested positive for dengue here on Tuesday. According to the district malaria office (DMO) 15 persons have tested positive for the vector-borne disease this year. The test reports of suspected cases are still pending, the results of which would be known on Thursday.According to health officials, dengue victim is a resident of Betul and his condition is considered to be critical. Meanwhile, district malaria officer Dr Padmakar Tripathi said the condition of two others, who tested positive on Monday, continued to be critical.Emphasising the point that people need to be extra careful and vigilant, district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla said, \"Controlling spread of mosquitoes is a task for civic authorities, whereas health department is educating and ready to provide treatment.\"DMO officials claimed that during various larva surveys conducted in the city, so far aedes aegypti mosquito, the dengue vector, has not been found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16935217", "title": "Sorada murder suspects identified", "text": "Berhampur: Police, on Tuesday, claimed to have made a breakthrough by identifying the accused in the murder of Shankar Bisoi. Bisoi, 35, was murdered at Sorada in Ganjam district on Monday evening.Police said they had recovered the mobile handset, towel and a shoe and of the accused from the spot of the crime. They believe that the victim, who was a BJD worker, was gunned down by two suspects.At least two motorcycle-borne miscreants first fired at Bisoi and then attacked him with a sharp weapon when he was on his way to Sorada from Bhanjangar. The victim died at MKCG Medical College and Hospital here.\"We have identified the miscreants and they will be nabbed soon,\" inspector in-charge K C Sethi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16938969", "title": "Luxury bus breaks down, jams Western Express highway.", "text": "MUMBAI: A luxury bus breaking down on the Vakola flyover led to a massive snarl between Kherwadi and Kandivali on the Western Express Highway on Monday morning. Motorists complained that with peak hour rush, it was a chaotic situation.Around 10 am on Monday, a luxury bus broke down on the south-bound stretch of the Vakola flyover. A hippo crane was rushed to the spot. But the bus was too heavy to be towed. So, officials had to resort to changing its wheels on the spot. The bus was fixed only by 1 pm, following which the huge backlog of traffic gradually eased out.Motorists complained that they took way longer than usual to reach their destinations as there was bumper-to-bumper traffic on the highway for at least three hours in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16934670", "title": "Agarwal happy with response from panchayats", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa collector N D Agarwal is seemingly pleased with the type of response evoked during his visits to the village panchayats, an exercise that Agarwal has embarked upon with a view to making the district administration more responsive.Already, the district magistrate has visited four village panchayats in South Goa. While the novel exercise got kick started with Agarwal's visit to Sristhal village panchayat on October 16, the collector visited Molkornem and Loliem village panchayats on October 20. On Tuesday morning, Nagoa and Loutolim village panchayats played host to the district magistrate.\"The response is really good, and I am confident it will achieve the desired results,\" Agarwal told TOI on Tuesday.\"Besides getting to know first-hand the problems faced by the villagers, it also enables me to interact with the local elected leaders which helps me to understand the peculiar issues concerning every panchayat. If possible, I try to resolve some issues then and there,\" Agarwal added.The complaints made to the collector during his visits to the panchayats are varied and diverse. While at Sristhal, Canacona, the complaints were mostly concerning roads, water supply, crematorium, etc, in Molkornem, farmers pointed out to issues concerning the irrigation department and Rajiv Awas Yojana (government's housing scheme for the landless). In Loutolim, people pointed out the difficulties faced by them for enrolment for the Aadhar (unique identification number) scheme. Agarwal said that he has already spoken to the department of planning and statistics and that a special team of Aadhar will visit Loutolim soon for the benefit of the villagers.Agarwal said that the issues raised by the villagers during his visits are taken up with the respective departments for speedy redressal.Revenue officials like mamlatdars and deputy collectors also accompany the collector during such visits.On October 27, Collem panchayat in Dharbondara will play host to the district magistrate. Agarwal said he has instructed the mamlatdars to pay a visit to all panchayats under their jurisdiction at least once a month. \"The idea is to make the revenue officers more accountable,\" Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934380", "title": "Charges framed in Amboli murder case", "text": "MUMBAI: A year after the Amboli double murder of Keenan Santos and Reuben Fernandez, a fast-track court on Tuesday finally framed the charges and the trial will now begin from November 6. The court accepted all the charges presented in the draft application submitted in July this year.The police arrested Jitendra Rana, along with Sunil Bodh, Satish Dulhaj and Dipak Tival after the incident on October 20 last year. They have been booked for murder, criminal conspiracy, using word, gesture or committing any act intended to insult the modesty of a woman, intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace, and also under sections of the Bombay Police Act.Last year, 24-year-old Keenan and 29-year-old Reuben were stabbed after a scuffle near a paan shop in Amboli, Andheri (W). While Keenan died soon after the incident, Reuben died on October 30, in a hospital in Andheri. Keenan worked as a bartender in a five-star hotel.The police have recorded the statements of 21 witnesses, key among which are Keenan's girlfriend and other members of his group.In January, the police had filed a 416-page chargesheet before the Andheri metropolitan magistrate court. Special public prosecutor Ujjawal Nikam said that the prosecution would submit certain important documents at the next hearing. These documents include the panchnama, seizure of clothes, post mortem report among others. \"The defence will admit or deny these documents. If they accept it, then I would probably curtail the number of witnesses to be examined in court,\" Nikam said.Reacting to the news, Keenan's father Valerian Santos said, \"Although we had expected the verdict to be out by now, we are relieved that the charges have been finally framed. It is better late than never.\" The family observed the first death anniversary of the duo on Saturday by offering a mass at the St Blaise Church at Amboli. \"It has been very traumatic for us. We have lost our young son. But our well wishers and friends have continued to support us and this has kept us going,\" he said.Reuben's brother Benjamin Fernandez also expressed relief over the developments. \"The framing of charges is a very good thing to have happened. It should have been done sometime ago but things have started moving at a faster pace now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16941753", "title": "Indian woman killed, granddaughter abducted in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: An Indian woman from Andhra Pradesh visiting the US was killed when she apparently tried to resist the abduction of her 10-month-old granddaughter.Police and FBI have launched a massive manhunt for the assailants and the kidnappers.\"Saanvi Venna (the baby) is believed to have been taken from her family's apartment after the murder of her grandmother, Satayvathi Venna, age 61, on Monday,\" Montgomery County District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman said in a statement.Pennsylvania State Police has issued an Amber Child Abduction Alert.According to Ferman, the body of Satyavathi Venna, the paternal grandmother of Saanvi, was discovered inside the apartment.Satyavathi had arrived from India for a visit in July and was scheduled to return home in January. She was babysitting the child.The parents of the child, Venkata Konda Siva Venna (father) and Chenchu Latha Punuru (mother), had emigrated from India in February 2007. They previously lived in San Antonio, Texas, Troy Michigan, and Cleveland Ohio. In June this year, they moved to King of Prussia in Pennsylvania.An autopsy of the body of Satyavathi Venna is underway, Ferman said.In a televised news conference, Venkata Konda Siva Venna, made a brief, emotional plea, asking for help to trace his baby.\"If someone finds my baby, could you please bring my baby back?\" he was quoted as saying by the Philly Inquirer.According to the daily, the neighbours expressed shock at the incident.\"You always fear the worst,\" Veronica Nava, 36, who lives in the same complex, told the daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16936032", "title": "Babu probing Khemka order is under CBI lens", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's additional chief secretary Krishna Mohan, who heads the three-member inquiry committee set up by the state government to probe into the issues raised by whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka in the Robert Vadra-DLF land deal, is still under the scanner of CBI.The special CBI court here had recently refused to accept a closure report filed by the investigating agency on his involvement in the multicrore amusement-cum-theme park project scam in Chandigarh. He is facing a probe for his role in the alleged irregularities in the project during his tenure as home secretary, Chandigarh administration.The Chandigarh administration had scrapped the allotment of the project in May 2009 after the central vigilance commission recommended a CBI investigation into the case.Krishna Mohan, along with two other former bureaucrats of Chandigarh, was booked by CBI on October 5, 2010 under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The FIR registered by CBI stated that the Chandigarh administration's former top bureaucrats, including Krishna Mohan, in connivance with M/s Unitech Limited, as part of a conspiracy awarded 73.65 acre land at Sarangpur village to Unitech for Rs 5.5 crores fixed annual licence fee and 1.1% annual revenue sharing.By doing so, the FIR said, they caused \"wrongful loss to the government and corresponding wrongful gain to Unitech\".On April 16, 2012, the CBI had given a clean chit to Krishna Mohan and others and had filed a closure report in the case. However, on August 29, the special CBI court refused to accept the closure report filed by the agency and ordered reinvestigation into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16942465", "title": "Vishnu crashes out; Jeevan in quarters", "text": "MUMBAI: Davis Cupper Vishnu Vardhan crashed out of the men's singles pre-quarterfinals of the USD 15,000 CCI-ITF men's Futures Tennis tournament on Wednesday.Apart from Vishnu, other seeded players in N Sriram Balaji, Saket Myneni and Vijayant Malik also bowed out of the tournament after losing their respective matches.However, sixth seeded Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan, who recently lifted the men's title in the senior nationals, made it to the quarterfinals with a hard-fought victory.Vishnu, who survived a gruelling three-setter against another Secunderabad rival Ashwin Vijayraghavan in round one yesterday, dropped the opening set against Croatia's Mate Pavic 5-7 before he conceded the match. Pavic would take on Indian eighth seeded Ranjeet Virali-Murugesan.\"I was having stiffness in the knee,\" Vishnu, who is currently ranked 272, said after the match.Vishnu has also pulled out of next week's Futures in Pune and \"will take a call\" later on next month's Challenger event in Yokohama, Japan.Also making an exit was third seeded Sriram, who was beaten after a two-and-a-half hour battle against Britain's James Marsalek, a quarter-finalist at last week's Qatar Futures in Doha.The 20-year-old Marsalek, who practised for five days against US Open champion and London Olympic gold medallist Andy Murray before reaching Qatar, won 4-6 6-2 6-4.Marsalek, ranked 570 in the world after being 681st last year-end, would meet India's Purav Raja, who shocked seventh seeded Malik 7-5 4-6 6-4 in two hours and 18 minutes.The other seeded Indian casualty, Myneni, lost to Micolas Reissig of Austria 6-2 4-6 5-7.Jeevan registered a 4-6 6-3 6-2 win over compatriot Mohit Mayur Jayaprakash.Vishnu started off well against Pavic, their first head-to-head encounter, by taking a 3-1 lead.Broken back immediately, the Indian snatched another break of serve to lead 4-2 only for the Croatian to strike back and then make it 4-4 with a break of serve in the 6th game.Games then went with services till 5-5 before Pavic broke Vishnu for a 6-5 lead and then held serve to win the opening set.The Indian top seed conceded the match thereafter. Sriram took the opening set against Marsalek with a break in the eighth game but was broken back immediately by the British player.But another break in the next game helped the Indian win the opening set.Sriram had an early break to be 2-1 up but his opponent changed his tactics and shortened the rallies. He reeled off five games in a row to clinch the second set to level the scores.Adopting the same strategy, Marsalek broke the third seed in the first and fifth games to have a commanding lead. Though Sriram retrieved a break in the 8th, the Briton managed to hold his serve in the tenth and emerged victorious.The results (Pre quarter finals): James Marsalek (GBR) bt N Sriram Balaji (IND) 4-6 6-2 6-4, 8-Ranjeet Virali-Murugesan (IND) bt Kaza Vinayak Sharma (IND) 6-1 6-4; Mate Pavic (Croa) bt 1-J Vishnu Vardhan (IND) 7-5 (conceded); 2-Christopher Rungkat (INA) bt Arjun Kadhe (IND) 6-4 6-3; Nicholas Reissig (Aut) bt Saket Maineni (IND) 2-6 6-4 7-5; 4-Liang-Chi Huang (Tpe) bt Jui-Chen Hung (Tpe) 6-2 6-3; Purav Raja (IND) bt 7-Vijayant Malik (IND) 7-5 4-6 6-4; 6-Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan (IND) bt Mohit Mayur Jayaprakash (IND) 4-6 6-3 6-2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "royal wedding ", "code": "16937523", "title": "Kashif Hussain and Sanaa's walima", "text": "Royal Wedding : The walima of Kashif Hussain and Sanaa, organized last weekend, saw the city's political bigwigs turn up in full strength. The nikaah was held a day earlier at a five star hotel. Everything about the reception was grand. Kashif and Sanaa were accorded a royal welcome with flowers showered on them, as they walked down the aisle with Sanaa holding a bouquet of flowers in her hand. While Kashif's nana, Ahmad Hasan, a cabinet minister in the UP government welcomed the VIP guests like Mulayam Singh Yadav , chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and Rajendra Chaudhary, father Fida Hussain Ansari ensured the arrangements were well taken care of.Photo Recall: Life came full circle for Kashif's parents Fida and Rana, who had also been blessed by Yadav Senior on their wedding day, more than three decades ago. So, the family presented a picture of MSY at Fida and Rana nikaah, and one of Kashif's with the Yadav scion.Spotted: Politicos Shivpal Yadav,Abhishek Mishra, Sushila Saroj, Durga Prasad,Yadav, Ram Murti Verma, Ram Govind Chaudhry,Waseem Ahmed, Dr Ammar Rizvi,Waqar Ahmed, Jagmohan Yadav, DGP AC Sharma,AAG Zafaryab Gilani, Maulana Yasoob Abbas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16935002", "title": "'Friendly policies attracting investors'", "text": "INDORE: Blessed with factors like central location on the country's map, availability of abundant natural resources and presence of a huge number of skilled force, the state has become the destination for the investors from within and even outside the country.The investor-friendly milieu prevailing within the state is also being looked as a positive indicator for the investors to put their money in the state. It is quite visible by the fact that a host of investors have not only evinced interest in putting in the money in the state, but also they have come forward to reach MoU with the state government for setting up their plants here.On the domestic front too, some of the large corporate houses are likely to mark their presence in the state. It was quite visible during the CM's recently concluded trip to Mumbai, New Delhi and Hyderabad.With a view to provide industry-friendly atmosphere, the state government has come out with a new industrial policy, which is quite investor-friendly. For example, the industry department's offering of single window for resolving all the issues related to the industries, is praiseworthy. Integrated platform for online tendering, amendments in store purchase rules, online system for allotment of plots in industrial area are also welcome.Coming on the new tourism policy of the state, it has exempted the forthcoming hotels from luxury tax. All new hotels in Bhopal and Indore shall be exempted from luxury tax for 5 years and for 8 years, if located in rest of the state. Moreover, the policy has clarified that only construction of new rooms shall constitute expansion.While computing investment, the cost of land shall be limited to 20% of the total amount invested. Once again, it will help attract investors in the industry to have their units in the state.We are also coming up with one more hotel in the city, which shows our commitment towards our investment plans in the state.(Sajid Dhanani is the MD of Sayaji Group of hotels)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16934745", "title": "Sanquelim man kills wife with hammer", "text": "BICHOLIM: Rishi Das, 47, murdered his wife, Sabitri Das, 37, both natives of Odisha, by beating one side of her head with a hammer at their rented house at Vithalapur, Sanquelim, at 12.30am on Monday.The police arrested the accused under Section 302 of the IPC and he has been remanded to seven days of police custody by the JMFC, Bicholim.Das suspected his wife of having an affair and on Monday night, when he was under the influence of alcohol, he started an altercation with her.The deceased managed to run out of the house but the accused followed her into the corridor outside the house and in a fit of anger beat her up. She died on the spot, said Bicholim PI Ramesh Gaonkar. The police added that Das covered her mouth with his hand in order to prevent her from shouting.The police said that about 10 days ago, the couple had a similar fight which was sorted out by the police. Since that day, the accused had not been residing at the Vithalapur house as Sabitri feared Rishi would kill her.The couple have three children, including a married daughter and two sons. The sons were out on Monday night celebrating dandiya raas and the accused saw this as an opportunity to confront his wife. The incident came to light when the owner of the house woke up on hearing sounds and saw the deceased lying on the floor. He raised an alarm and managed to prevent the accused from running away. When the sons returned, one of them called the 108 ambulance and then the police. The police later arrested the accused based on the son's complaint.The deceased was taken to the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, but was declared brought dead by the doctors on duty. Her body has been preserved at the GMC morgue and will be handed over to the relatives. Gaonkar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16934648", "title": "Need police notification on firecrackers: Activists", "text": "MUMBAI: Anti-noise activists want the Mumbai police to issue a final notification regarding the ban on certain firecrackers rather than posting periodic internal circulars that are never publicized.Sumaira Abdulali, convener, Awaaz Foundation, said that in 2010, the Mumbai police had filed a draft notification before the Bombay high court about the ban on certain firecrackers with the assurance that it would be notified. \"Two years later, they are yet to complete the procedure. Instead, the police department continues to issue internal circulars periodically. As the public is not aware of these, it cannot push for the implementation of the ban,\" she said.The police department keeps issuing the circulars as firecrackers are used not just during festivals but for marriages, political functions, processions etc. as well. Abdulali said the police must inform the public in advance about the firecrackers it has banned.\"Awareness will ensure that citizens do not opt for banned firecrackers this Diwali,\" she said.In a recent circular, the police had banned firecrackers such as tadtadys, apti bars, cork amerces, crackers that are more than 21g in weight and louder than 125 dB, ukhali darus, maroons, cracker garlands exceeding 20ft and louder than 105 dB and any other noisy fireworks.The Supreme Court in its 2005 order on firecrackers had ruled that there should be a complete ban on bursting sound-emitting firecrackers between 10pm and 6am. There is no time restriction on the bursting of colour/light-emitting firecrackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938538", "title": "Bollywood wishes happy Dussehra to fans", "text": "Bollywood stars took to twitter to wish their fans a very happy Dussehra and a lots of love happiness and prosperity.Here's what the celebs had to say:Vivek Oberoi Wishing u all a happy Dussehra! May Lord Ram bless u all with love, happiness &amp; peace as we celebrate the triumph of good over evil!Arjun Rampal Happiest Dassera, Jai Mata di. May all get out of their own Chakravyuh if caught in one.Vaishali Desai A very Happy Dussehra to all??Pooja Bedi Today is Dassera - A Gentle reminder about the consequences of fooling around with someone else's wife!=))Priyanka Chopra Aap sabko dussehra ki shubkamnain.. Heres to joyous New beginnings for all..Shekhar Kapur Happy Dussera. What does it mean to us today?Shilpa Shetty Hey Tweetos May this Dussehra light up your lives overcoming all the negativity, bringing hope and dreams for a year full of smiles!Dia Mirza Shubho Bijoya and Happy Dussera!Ameesha Patel Happy dusshera to evryone..may this year bring everyone luck n successPoonam Pandey Happy DUSSERA &amp; DHAMMA CHAKRA Pravartan Din to all ... love u all God blessMadhuri Dixit-Nene Happy Dusshera everyone!Sonu Sood Happy dussehra to all.. :-) Keep smiling alwzzzz.Bipasha Basu Shubho Dashami and Happy Dussehra to all!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938656", "title": "Mumbai Film Festival discusses reaching worldwide audiences", "text": "Day 6 at 14th Mumbai Film Festival enthralls one and all.The 6th day at the 14th Mumbai Film Festival saw cinephiles and patrons arrive in large numbers for their day's dose of exquisite cinematic fare. Despite some changes in screening schedules owing to unprecedented technical challenges, the audience remained empathic and cooperative.The day long showcasing saw the eagerly anticipated 2012 French-language drama film Amour written and directed by legendary filmmaker Michael Haneke that was followed by a stellar assortment of films including British comedy-drama film The Angels' Share directed by Ken Loach , Children Of Sarajevo by Aida Begic, The Way Steve Jobs Changed The World a documentary tribute to the innovator, Investment - a Marathi language film by acclaimed Marathi playwright Ratnakar Matkari, the premiere of Baandhon (Waves of Silence) an Assamese language film directed by Jahnu Barua and BMW a film by Aditya Bhattacharya among others.Spotted soaking in the cinema were actors Sanjay Suri , Tannishtha Chatterjee, Javed Jaffery, Chandan Roy Sanyal, Razzak Khan, notable filmmakers Amole Gupte and Reema Kagti, ace dancer and choreographer Astad Deboo.An educative open forum discussion titled 'Reaching Audiences Worldwide - Do we really understand the overseas film business and distribution' witnessed the participation of successful Indian film producer Madhu Mantena ( Ghajini ), Screen magazine's contributing editor of Asia Liz Shackleton, Vice President of the Indian Film Exporters Association Hirachand Dand, Mahesh Ramanathan, CEO at Reliance Big Entertainment and Vikramjit Roy, Head of Production, National Film Development Corporation of India (NFDC). During the discussion, the panelists collectively shared keen insights into the mechanism of film distribution as well as the operation and execution of various international film marketing strategies.Attendees at the evening segment enjoyed the special section 'Restored Classics', an endeavor to highlight the importance of Preservation and Restoration of films, with the feature of Inferno, a 1911 film directed by Francesco Bertolini, Giuseppe De Liguoro and Adolfo Padovan.The evening concluded with the screening of Bengali film Paanch Adhyay (Afterglow) by film critic turned writer-director Pratim Das Gupta who was accompanied by the leading stars of the film Priyanshu Chatterjee and Dia Mirza at the media event convened after.At this edition of the festival Film India Worldwide (programmed annually by Uma Da Cunha for MAMI) presented the first Film India Worldwide Jury Award to Nepali-French film Soongra - Dance of the Orchid. The award was conferred to the winner by members of the illustrious three-member jury Therese Mayes, Programmer of Indian &amp; Asian Films at Palm Springs, International Film Festival and distinguished Indian filmmaker Dev Benegal and Prashant Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933512", "title": "Govt set to hike land value by 20%", "text": "HYDERABAD: After enhancing fee for encumbrance, marriage certificate and other services of the registration and stamps department a couple of months ago, the state government is contemplating increasing land value, both agriculture and non-agriculture, for registration purposes soon. If land value is increased, property buyers will have to pay more towards registration and stamp fee.Revenue officials said land values were last revised two years ago in August 2010 and since then revision has not taken place due to various reasons. Then, the state government had decided to increase basic land value annually on August 1. The registration and stamps department had prepared proposals by July-end this year. However, revision of land values was kept on hold in view of hike in EC, marriage certificate, gift deed and other services this year.\"When the proposals for revision of land values were prepared in July, the district registration authorities were asked to enhance up to 60% over the prevailing land rates. However, rates are likely to be increased by 20% on the existing land value next month,\" a senior official of the registration and stamps department told TOI.For instance, government value in Ghatkesar area is Rs 2,300 per square yard, which is likely to be increased to Rs 2,700 per sq yard. Similarly, in Almasguda village near L B Nagar it is Rs 1,750 per sq yard, it might be revised to Rs 2,000 per sq yard.Sources said details of land registrations (transactions) in various sub-registrar offices, especially in surrounding Rangareddy district, were taken for the revision of land value recently. For instance, the number of transactions was more in areas abutting the Warangal state highway like Boduppal, Medipally and Ghatkesar where rates would be increased. Similarly, land value in Shamirpet, Medchal, Kukatpally, Serilingampally and Gachibowli would be enhanced. In areas like Shamshabad, Maheshwaram, Hayatnagar mandals, the rates might remain unchanged as there were not many transactions.On the other hand, realtors are worried over the proposal to hike registration and stamp duty. \"Real estate started gathering momentum just recently. If the registration and stamp duty is hiked, there will be some impact on prospective buyers,\" Vittal Das, a realtor from Ghatkesar, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16933695", "title": "RWAs oppose new order, plan appeal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after DERC announced its order on reversal of tariff slabs, most RWAs and social groups around the city held meetings to plan their next move.The quickest were members of Greater Kailash-I RWA, who on Monday met advocate Anil Sood, also member, state advisory committee of DERC. They are set to move the appellant tribunal for electricity with their list of grievances against the latest tariff order.They claim the latest order violates the Electricity Act, and hence, is \"not valid\". \"I have gone through the order passed by the commission, which increases tariff in the slab of 201 to 400 from existing tariff rate of Rs 4.8 to Rs 5.5, and in case of above 400 units slab from Rs 6.4 per unit to Rs.6.5 per unit by invoking section 62(4) of the Electricity Act, 2003. Unfortunately section 62(4) debars the commission from revising the tariff except in case of the fuel surcharge formula, which is not the case here,\" said Sood, who has found support from various south Delhi RWAs.Power activist and member of Greater Kailash-I RWA , Rajiv Kakria said their petition is going to raise the issue of DERC going ahead with power tariff revision without holding a \"proper public hearing\".\"If the hearing fixed on October 8 got disrupted because of some unwanted elements, it does not mean that DERC will take away our right to be heard. We don't count sending written submissions as part of public hearing. This has to be challenged in the higher court,\" he added. Besides this, 1,900 members of United Residents Joint Action (URJA) have decided to hold a meeting in the first week of November to discuss their action plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16933432", "title": "Cops on their toes for Dasara, Bakrid", "text": "HYDERABAD: With Dasara and Bakrid falling back to back, security in the Old City will be beefed up starting Wednesday. The Old City is a hub for Dasara celebrations even as preparations are on for Bakrid. To ensure that both festival celebrations go off peacefully, around eight additional platoons of 30 men each will be on bandobast duty.There is much enthusiasm for Dasara celebrations in the Old City with as many as 190 Durga idols set to be immersed from this part of Hyderabad alone. Of this figure, around 35 will be taken out by Bengali groups alone. Apart from the Durga Puja pandals, many households keep idols of various incarnations of goddess Durga, with many keeping idols of `sherawali' for the nine days of navaratri. A large-scale Dasara procession is also planned on Wednesday and is expected to start early in the afternoon and continue till late in the evening.The hotspots of celebrations in the Old City on Wednesday would be the Quli Qutub Shah stadium where around 3,000 devotees are expected to show up, DRDL in Kanchanbagh and Chatrinaka. Further, around 23 police pickets will be posted across the South Zone. A constable or a home guard will be accompanying every idol along the procession route. According to South Zone police, security will be tight all along the procession route from Nagulchinta to Madina. Around 75 idols will be joining the procession from Chatrinaka alone. Police officials said, a separate Vijayadasami procession will proceed from Begum Bazaar Gurudwara and head towards Kishan Bagh via Bahadurpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937164", "title": "Dharam Oberoi back in Sanjay Dutt\u2019s life", "text": "The actor, who seems to be on a mission to mend fences, has patched up with his ex-managerWe don't know if his wife Manyata, who has governed his friend-list, is responsible for his new actions, but Sanjay Dutt is on a mending-fences spree. A few days ago at Amitabh Bachchan's birthday bash at Film City, he kissed and made up with his friend-turned-foe Sanjay Gupta. A few days after that, we heard that Kangna Ranaut landed up at his place for Mata Ki Chowki. Obviously his Rascals costar had not come uninvited. And the latest is he is back on the same page with his ex-manager Dharam Oberoi, who had joined him when he had a big fight with Sanjay Gupta over financial issues in Shootout At Lokhandwala (2007).Ram Gopal Varma's film Department saw an ugly controversy emerging between Dutt and Oberoi, which led to Dutt washing his hands off Oberoi. Dutt's confidantes warned him about Oberoi's high-handedness. After Varma lashed out at Oberoi and made several allegations against him, blaming him for the failure of Department , the message was loud and clear to Dutt that the time had come to show the door to Oberoi. Post Department, Dutt made Manyata the CEO of his production house Sanjay Dutt Productions, a post occupied by Oberoi til then. Thereafter, Oberoi and he were not on talking terms.Talking about the recent patch-up between the two, a source told, \"Dutt and Oberoi frequently text each other these days. They even talk on the phone very often.\" Added the source, \"It would be difficult to trace who waved the white flag, but the fact is that Dutt and Oberoi are absolutely fine with each other now. They even address each other as 'Brother' in their text messages.\"When asked about this development, Dutt and Oberoi refrained from comment.Like they say, Bollywood has no permanent friends or enemies. We wonder who will be back in Dutt's life next? Will it be his ex- Man Friday cum secretary Kalim, who controlled Sanjay's dates and even money and cars, and had opted out of Dutt's payroll around early 2009 rather than be disrespected by the actor and his wife?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16935411", "title": "Days after Modi, Keshubhai too courts RSS", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former Gujarat chief minister Keshubhai Patel , who recently launched Gujarat Parivartan Party to take on the BJP, visited the Vishwa Hindu Parishad's office and RSS state headquarters in Ahmedabad on Tuesday.It comes two days after his bete noire and chief minister Narendra Modi met RSS supremo Mohan Bhagwat in Nagpur.Keshubhai, who recently quit the BJP, spent about an hour with top RSS functionaries and was accorded a very warm welcome both at the Sangh and VHP offices.The former CM had not gone all out against Modi during the 2007 assembly polls in 2007 at the behest of senior RSS leaders. The story is different this time. Despite his revolt against Modi, RSS has not yet dumped Keshubhai, who said he would also go to Nagpur to meet Bhagwat.Keshubhai insisted that he had gone to the RSS office to inquire about the health of senior functionary Bhaskarao Damle. \"Like Modi, I am also an RSS worker,\" Keshubhai said.The former CM addressed about 150 workers at the VHP office and sought support for his party in the coming elections. He criticized Modi for being soft on 'protecting interests of Hindus' and betraying the Hindutva cause.\"The chief minister, in his zeal for the beautification of Gandhinagar, has demolished more than 200 temples,\" he said. \"Cows are being sent to slaughterhouses because this government took away grazing lands and gave them to industrialists on such a large scale that even they cannot use it in their lifetime.\" VHP leaders have been criticizing Modi on the issue of temple demolition. But it remains to be seen if the VHP will come out openly in Keshubhai's support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16937237", "title": "I was not aware of Naxal issue: Arjun Rampal", "text": "Actor Arjun Rampal, who will be next seen in Prakash Jha's \" Chakravyuh\", says he was not much aware about the naxalism issue before he started filming.Rampal, 39, thinks the movie is a must watch for youth as it throws light on the present scenario of the nation.\"I was not much aware about the issue and this is the reason why I feel that this film is important for the youth. They need to know where exactly does the heartland of India lie and what exactly is transpiring there.\"It is going to open many eyes because the film explores the situation that our country is in,\" Rampal said.The film revolves around Rampal's character of an IPS officer Adil Khanbbv and the actor says it is the toughest role he has essayed in his decade old career.\"The film is full of complicated characters and the part which I am playing is one of the toughest that I have played in a very long time. There is so much happening to this character, right from the dilemma that he goes through to the pain of betrayed friendship to a conflict like situation happening at home with his wife, who is also a cop,\" he added.But Rampal gives all the credit to Jha, who gave him a new lease of life with his last outing \"Rajneeti\".\"All credit to Prakash Jha that he has made all his character well layered and also very justified in what they do. The reason why everything comes on screen carries meaning and purpose because Prakash comes with a lot of clarity,\" he added.\"Chakravyuh\" , which will hit theatres on October 26, also stars Abhay Deol , Manoj Bajpayee, Om Puri , Esha Gupa and newbie actress Anjali Patil in pivotal roles.\"Abhay's (Deol) character too is very layered and it goes through huge metamorphosis. On the other hand Manoj's (Bajpayee) character is very hard hitting. Om's (Puri) part has been woven quite beautifully in the film.\"Prakash has a knack of bringing in multiple characters under the same roof and giving them good acknowledgement and wonderful depth,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-24"}
