{"city": "None", "code": "16421181", "title": "Liz Taylor and Richard Burton's love for dice game", "text": "Despite Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor's volatile relationship, the pair shared a common passion for dice game Yahtzee, it has been revealed.Theirs was one of the twentieth century's greatest love affairs, known for its heavy drinking, blazing rows and a string of blockbuster films.But the newly-published diaries of Burton reveal that his tempestuous relationship with Taylor was founded on another - altogether more humdrum - hidden passion: a shared love for the dice game Yahtzee, the Telegraph reported.In the journals he describes how the couple learnt how to play the dice game at a hotel in Gstaad, Switzerland , in May 1965 on a holiday they described as their honeymoon - although it was more than a year after they married for the first time.\"Had lunch at Olden where we were taught a dice game called 'Yatsee' (sic) - most interesting. Taught it at 1 pm (approximately) and were still playing it 6.45pm (approximately),\" he writes.Taylor also wrote some entries in the diary and also recounted learning the game , which she described as \"great fun.\"From that point, they became unlikely devotees and the diaries are littered with references to the game, and even features a list of scores of games played by the couple.There are several descriptions of the couple playing one another on the honeymoon and the diaries show how it was an enduring passion for Burton who, in later years, would teach friends and relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16420137", "title": "Penning a revolt", "text": "Cartoonist Dr Hemant Morparia and Mirror reader Priti Bhosale chat about how cartoons are not just for comic reliefHe has been working as a cartoonist even before she was born. So, 23-year-old Priti Bhosale is understandably shy when she settles down on a couch at Dr Hemant Morparia's Walkeshwar flat. It doesn't help that he waves off her first question \u2014 How did radiology and cartoons come together? \u2014 as boring. But the conversation picks up when the junior copy-writer from Thane brings up censorship and self restriction, apropos Aseem Trivedi and his recent tussle with the authorities. \"Have politicians become more sensitive to cartoons?\" she asks. Morparia answers with a cartoon of his own: A doctor is unsuccessful in giving an injection to a politician due to his thick skin. \"Cartoons made 20 years ago were more severe and scathing than those made now. The difference is that today's political culture is one of being offended. Any protest gets you in the news. If a politician says, 'I like this cartoon', do you think it can make it to TV? Instead, what if he burns the cartoon?\"Bhosale doodles in her free time and wants to speak to Morparia, the professional, about how to take it up full time. For his own work, Morparia has only one rule: First it has to appeal to me; then to the audience. \"Self-editing is very important,\" he says. \"You must doubt everything and always think about how you can improve your work,\" he tells his guest, who wants to dig deeper. \"So, how strict are you with yourself, and has this attitude changed over the years?\"He thinks about it before answering: \"I don't know. I still begin a new cartoon in the same way, with the same doubts. My attitude is that of a beginner but with the expertise of a professional.\"It's obvious that this attitude has served him well for over 25 years. His bedroom-cum-studio makes space for his collection of kitchen knives and wind-up toys. The Cheerful Pessimist, as he calls himself, is surrounded by books, many by his favourite German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer. Among these stacks, self-made miniature sculptures of Barak Obama, Nicolas Sarkozy and Manmohan Singh elbow each other for space.Taking a break from the question-and-answer round, he picks up the African drum standing next to the couch and treats Bhosale to a short solo, followed by a song because yes, he sings too.But Bhosale wants to know about his technique and Morparia says he still sticks to pen and paper. \"I'm still figuring out how to draw. I think there has been some improvement, but I can't go straight to the computer. I used to draw since school. This was not a planned profession; it was a happy accident.\"As she is still trying to find her feet with cartoons, talking to Morparia has provided Bhosale with \"hope\", she admits in the elevator on her way down. \"So far, I thought I had to stabilize myself and opt for one career but he is shown me that you can do lots of different things and be great at all of them.\"For those who are curious about how radiology and cartoons came together, Morparia later explained: \"I think most people are capable of doing many different things. In fact, I think there are six more professions within me that I haven't found the time and energy to explore.\"Maike.Steuer leisure.mirror@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "so you have become calorie-conscious these days, giving a miss to your favourite brand of whisky at social dos or bypassing the endless scoops of sundaes that keep you cool when the saas-bahu saga reaches a feverish pitch every evening! indulge, we say! just tell the world you actually had kuchh nahi (nothing)! jokes apart...  nothing, yet everything", "code": "16419907", "title": "Let\u2019s have Kuchh Nahi!", "text": "So you have become calorie-conscious these days, giving a miss to your favourite brand of whisky at social dos or bypassing the endless scoops of sundaes that keep you cool when the saas-bahu saga reaches a feverish pitch every evening! Indulge, we say! Just tell the world you actually had Kuchh Nahi (nothing)! Jokes apart...  Nothing, Yet Everything: A UK whisky brand named Kuchh Nai, owned by an NRI, has already become a topic of conversation at bars in our cities. A colleague who introduced the brand to us while downing her drink, remarked, \"If you appear a little dazed to your folks, you can confidently tell them you had Kuchh Nai!\" The brand that describes itself as 'deluxe scotch whisky' got its name from the usual Indian rejoinder of refusing or hesitating to ask for their first drink. \"Whenever anyone is asked, 'Kya piyoge?', the response is usually \"Kuchh nai\". So we named the drink Kuchh Nai,\" commented the spokesperson of the brand. All or Nothing: Closer home, popular ice-cream chain Giani's has introduced the Kuchh Nahi sundae. Topped with fruits and loaded with brownie cakes and nuts, this dessert is worth dying for. \"With most people unable to decide which flavour to try, we created a dessert that's a mix of everything. It helps people taste the best without actually ordering any particular flavour,\" said their salesperson. And now, banana chips will sport the Kuchh Nahi name. The branding exercise will continue on frozen and packaged meats and poultry and seafood products. Expect them to flood shop shelves soon. So, the next time you don't want anything, think before you say \" Kuch Nahi!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16415565", "title": "Banking services at doorstep", "text": "JAIPUR: The ICICI Bank on Friday held a programme to promote financial inclusion through its SHG Bank Linkage Model and Business Correspondent (BC) model in Kishangarh near Ajmer.The bank has been providing doorstep services for loan requirements of the SHGs and savings linkage through its network of branches. The bank has now extended basic banking services to the SHGs and their members at their doorstep through BC model. The services to be provided include savings account for SHG members, remittance, fixed deposit and recurring deposit. This unique integrated offering leverages the group dynamics and also encourages individual banking habits.The model has been launched on mobile-based technology. The bank, in association with Grameen Mahila Vikas Sansthan (GMVS), an NGO in Ajmer, has been funding SHGs formed and nurtured by it. GMVS shall also act as the bank's BC for providing the aforesaid services.The bank also exhibited an audio visual film during the event in order to impart financial literacy to the audience to enable them make right choices with respect to financial decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16415972", "title": "Link public distribution system beneficiaries with Aadhaar: Arjun Munda", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Saturday asked the food and civil supplies department to link names of beneficiaries availing benefits under the public distribution system (PDS) with Aadhaar number generated by Unique Identification Authority of India to make the system transparent.\"There are many loopholes in the existing system and it gives ample scope for fraud. I would like that the PDS is linked with biometric-based Aadhaar so that there is no possibility of irregularities at any level,\" the chief minister said. State food and civil supplies minister Mathura Prasad Mahato and senior government officials were also present at the meeting.The CM also stressed on the need for quick disposal of case related to land disputes in transparent manner. Munda asked the officials to ensure timely and proper distribution of subsidized food grain given to BPL families. \"The draft ration card detail for BPL families should also be put on the website of the government so that everyone has access and in case there is any fault it can be rectified,\" said Munda.Sources present at the meeting said during the review meeting of land reforms and revenue department, Munda asked officials to make the process of land mutation online. Munda said all works related to land deals should be in public domain and people living in any part of the world can assess the records. Officials said once the system was made online a person living in remote area can visit the nearest Pragya Kendra and get the mutation certificate. \"Once implemented the delivery system for online filing of mutation will be at panchayat level,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415418", "title": "\u2018Get land allotment file cleared quickly by CM\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Lokayukta Justice S Ananda Reddy on Saturday directed the principal secretary of the revenue department to get a file cleared by the chief minister and report back to the court. The file pertains to a 70-acre land in Raghunathapalli of Khammam urban mandal which was allotted to the AP Housing Corporation for taking up housing projects under Rajiv Swagruha and other schemes.A complaint was filed by P Rajya Lakshmi, a resident of Palvancha in the district, asking authorities to allot an alternative land for housing rather than using the land in Raghunathapalli. She said the land contained rich dolomite deposits and contended that the mines wing could exploit the mineral. Earlier when the Lokayukta sought a reply from the authorities they defended the government's decision as the land earmarked for the housing project was too small for mining activity. Moreover, such minerals were available abundantly in thousands of acres in Khammam and its adjacent mandals.However, Lokayukta directed the authorities to allot an alternative land for housing since no work was started in the area. In July 2011, revenue officials told the Lokayukta that the file pertaining to allotting an alternative land was sent to the chief minister and it was pending there. When the matter came up for hearing on Saturday, Lokayukta found that the status of the matter remained the same even after one year. \"It is not understandable as to how a file could be kept pending with the CM or with any other minister for such a long period\", justice Ananda Reddy said and directed the revenue secretary to get the matter cleared expeditiously and posted the matter to November 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419200", "title": "Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu releasing on Dec 21", "text": "Dil Raju has officially announced the release date of the much awaited multi-starrer film Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu (SVSC). Addressing a press conference yesterday (September 15), the producer said that Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu will release on December 21 while the audio songs of the film will be unveiled in November. The movie's release was originally planned for Dasara but was delayed due to Samantha's health concerns. With the actress recently resuming the shoot, looks like the film is progressing briskly now. \"The film has wrapped up majority of the shooting and I'm pretty kicked with the output. I'm looking forward to the next schedule, which will commence from September 19. The film will release on December 21 and the audio will be out in November\", said Dil Raju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16415631", "title": "Now, posters come up over infighting in Congress", "text": "JAIPUR: Infighting in the state Congress is spilling on the roads. Posters demanding removal of ruling party's Jaipur city president Salim Kagzi and his executive members were placed at prominent road crossings here on Saturday. A faction of Congressmen, identifying themselves as \"samarpit Congress karyakarta\" (dedicated Congress workers) and led by one Muqaram Ali, put up the posters.Congress state president Chandrabhan, on the other hand, acted upon another similar complaint from the party workers and dissolved the entire executive of the Udaipur City Congress Committee on Saturday. Like its Jaipur unit, the ruling party's Udaipur unit was also witnessing opposition from its own workers with similar allegations about a non-performing president and non-Congressmen getting included in the executive committee. The Udaipur Congress unit was divided between its president Nilima Sukhadia and local party leaders over the formation of the executive.Chandrabhan has now constituted a committee under former legislator Hari Mohan Sharma to look into the reconstitution of Udaipur City executive with new and non-controversial Congress workers.Over the dispute in Jaipur city executive committee, party general secretary Sushil Sharma said more members could be accommodated in the executive under Kagzi. \"People who feel left out can be included and the executive can have five more members,\" Sharma told reporters. In a separate interaction with the media, Kagzi also talked about expanding his executive. \"All executive members were appointed at the recommendations of local legislators; I had no role to play,\" Kagzi said in response to allegations of nepotism and non-Congressmen gaining an upper hand in the party unit.Sources said the party might call a meeting on Monday to resolve the Jaipur city committee dispute that has remained unresolved for more than a year now. Posters bringing out the conflict on roads were placed at Bais Godam, Chhoti and Badi Chaupar and outside the PCC on Saturday. By evening these were removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419626", "title": "Kaun Banega Crorepati: Amitabh Bachchan the perfect host", "text": "Actor Amitabh Bachchan certainly believes in this age-old adage of \"Atithi Devo Bhava\". At the shooting of his popular game show on TV, Kaun Banega Crorepati, a sparrow had entered the sets and was disrupting the shooting of game show. In between one of the breaks, the technicians of the show burst a cracker to shoo the bird away.Although what they forgot was to inform the guests audience present at the show who were scared out of their wits because of the loud booming sound caused by the cracker.This caused a near-ruckus on the floor and people. This made Amitabh Bachchan very upset, firstly because the harmless bird was shooed away, and secondly because his guests, the audience had been alarmed. He issued a strict warning to the technicians to not repeat this kind of an act again and also apologised to the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16418700", "title": "Nine get varying jail terms in dacoity case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nine persons have been awarded varying jail terms by a Delhi court in a seven-year-old case of dacoity in a jewellery store.Additional sessions judge Kaveri Baweja sentenced three of the nine accused to seven-year jail for their active involvement in the dacoity. Ravi Gupta (23), Prem Singh (20) and Ram Singh (40) were also slapped with a fine of Rs 11,000 each.The remaining six accused were handed six-month jail terms. Sachin Verma, Tarkeshwar, Gopal, Bharat, Ravinder Singh and Rambishan were found in possession of portion of the stolen jewellery.According to the prosecution, the dacoity took place at the jewellery shop of complainant Saroop Santra at Karol Bagh here on February 3, 2005.The men had looted a safe at the shop and made away with over 3.9 kg of gold. Santra was also attacked with an iron rod.One of the accused, Bhim Singh , however, was acquitted by the court as police failed to prove his offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore/salem/ namakkal", "code": "16416138", "title": "DVAC raids babus' residences in city, Salem", "text": "COIMBATORE/SALEM/ NAMAKKAL: Sleuths of the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) conducted surprise raids at various places in Coimbatore, Salem and Namakkal as part of the investigation into the irregularities in the large-scale granite quarrying in Madurai district.A team of DVAC sleuths led by DSP G Stalin conducted a surprise raid at the house of Sattanatha Shankar, assistant director of mines and geology in Karur, in Nethaji Nagar near Nanjundapuram in the city. The raid began at 7.15am and ended at 1.15pm. Since Sattanatha Shankar was in Karur office, the sleuths conducted inquiry with his family members.Sattanatha's name surfaced in the scam as he was previously working in Madurai. The sleuths seized vital documents from the house.The same team also raided a lodge at 7th Cross in Gandhipuram. According to sources, Thambidurai, deputy commissioner of commercial tax in Coimbatore, was previously working in Madurai. He was staying in a room at the lodge and the sleuths raided the room.Residence of J Rajaraman, deputy director of mines and geology at Nagercoil, was raided by a DVAC team in Salem. The team, led by DSP (DVAC) S Chandramouli, began the raid at 7am and ended it late evening. Two farm houses belonging to Rajaraman at Panaimarathapatti and SK Nagar were also raided by a separate team. Officials seized documents from the residence and farm houses of Rajaraman.According to sources, two granite quarries owned by PRP Group in Namakkal were raided by the revenue officials on August 31. The quarries were situated at Periasolipalayam near Paramathi-Velur. Sources said the total area of the quarries was 22 acres and yielded a total of 5,212.613 cubic meter granites, with an approximate value of Rs 1.8 crore.These quarries were leased out to the PRP Granites and PRP Exports since 2005 for 20 years. Earlier, these two quarries were run by a former PMK MLA Nedunchezhian. Following the Madurai granite scam, the revenue officials were asked to inspect and submit a detailed report by the Namakkal district collector.Based on the order, they revenue officials inspected the quarries and informed the employees and labourers not to mine further and they should get district collector's permission if they want to start any work. The officials had affixed the orders issued by the district collector on the walls of the quarry office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore/panaji", "code": "16417022", "title": "Mining scam: CBI raids Karnataka, Goa firms", "text": "BANGALORE/PANAJI: The CBI on Saturday filed an FIR on the illegal export of 50.79 lakh tonnes of illegally-mined iron ore through Belekeri port near Karwar, port city on coastal Karnataka.CBI teams also raided Bellary, Hospet, Sadashivagad and the Margao and Panaji offices of Salgaonkar Mining Industries Pvt Ltd (SMI) and the Vasco office of Mallikarjun Shipping Pvt Ltd in connection with the illicit iron ore exports from Karnataka's Belekeri port. SMI is owned by Goa mining baron and former Sanvordem MLA (Independent) Anil Salgaocar.The CBI's FIR considers all aspects of illegalities associated with raising, transportation, sale and purchase, storage and disposal of about 33.98 lakh tonnes of iron ore exported from January 1, 2009 to May 31, 2010. It has also named four exporters in the FIR\u2014ILC Industries Ltd (9.68 lakh tonnes), Dream Logistics Company (India) Pvt Ltd (9.16 lakh tonnes), SB Logistics (7.74 lakh tonnes) and Shree Mallikarjuna Shipping Pvt Ltd (7.23 lakh tonnes) from Belekeri port. The 18 other mentioned in the FIR include companies, their agents, port officials, and forest department officials.The SC recently had accepted the Central Empowered Committee's (CEC) report, which suspected the involvement of officials and mining mafia nexus in the breach of every possible law for the illegal export of illegally-mined iron ore.The SC had asked the CBI to undertake a preliminary inquiry \"in respect of 32.27 lakh tonnes of iron ore exported by 18 exporters, each of whom had from January 1, 2009 to May 31, 2010 exported between 1 to 5 lakh tonnes of iron ore from Belekeri port. The raids were a part of 17 coordinated swoops by the CBI across Goa and Karnataka on companies allegedly involved in illegal mining in Karnataka's Bellary district.Speaking to TOI, Salgaocar confirmed the \"searches\" and said his company had paid all the forest tax and royalty before the iron ore was exported from Belekeri port. He claimed that the firm's documents were being verified by the CBI only because it had exported from the Belekeri port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16416824", "title": "\u2018Our generation is lucky\u2014I got a mobile at 9; my dad at 30\u2019", "text": "RIDDHI SAMARTH | 11MUMBAIHow much time do you spend with your friends in a day?I meet my friends in school and also stay in touch with them through SMS. I bond with my two best friends especially because we have similar interests and we all hate boys!Do you think it's better to spend time online or with your family?I spend a lot of time with my family but I also love to read. Ebooks are easily available on the net so I spend time reading them. I love to write as well.Do you think your generation is lucky that it is exposed to a lot of technology from a young age?In some ways I think I am lucky. My father owned a phone when he was almost 30, my brother got a phone at the age of 13 but I got a phone when I was 9. Although primarily my parents gave it to me to check on my safety, I am also allowed to talk and message my friends. I keep messaging my best friends even after school.Which phone do you use now?I have a very basic and boring phone\u2014a Micromax model. I would love to own an iPhone 4\u2014that's my dream phone.In case of problems, who do you approach for help\u2014 your parents or your friends?My parents are my best friends, especially my mother. Whenever I have any trouble I talk to her. But for other small problems , I always have my friends by my side.Interviewed by Shreya Bhandary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16416011", "title": "Cops rescue 'kidnapped' Mumbai girl from Tenughat", "text": "BOKARO: A Mumbai police team with help of local police on Saturday recovered a couple who had fled the western metropolis two months ago. The girl, a minor, was recovered from boy's residence at Sadam under the Tenughat Outpost here.The boy, Ali Juber Ansari (21), was arrested by police for luring minor girl to Tenughat. The girl was studying in Class-XI. The two had met when Ansari had gone to Mumbai to work. About two month ago he fled Mumbai along with the girl and reached Bokaro. The girl is a daughter of a businessman who had lodged FIR with the Worli police station charging the boy with kidnapping his minor daughter .Following investigating, the Mumbai police come to know that the boy belongs to Tenughat area and a team of Mumbai police arrived here looking for the couple.Tenughat police outpost in-charge Ravinder Singh said a joint team of Mumbai and Tenughat police arrived at Ansari's house early on Saturday and found the girl who was living with Ansari.\"Ansari was later produced in a Tenughat court from where Mumbai police team took him away with them\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415165", "title": "Body kept in same cold box he was to inaugurate", "text": "NAGPUR: On Sunday, former RSS chief KS Sudarshan was to reach the city to receive a 'refrigerator mortuary box' donated by the Late Meeradevi Dinanath Dasture Memorial Trust. But, before the formal function, he became the box's first user. On Saturday, after his body was flown from Raipur , it was placed in the same cold box.The body, which was brought here by a special flight from Raipur, was kept at the Maharshi Vyas hall at Reshimagh for people to have a last glimpse of one of the most respected RSS leaders. The cremation ceremony will take place on Sunday around 3pm at Gangabai Ghat, said RSS functionaries.Four CMs and several top BJP leaders, including veteran L K Advani, party president Nitin Gadkari , RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat (who was on a tour of Parbhani and is rushing by road), will be attending the funeral ceremony, said Sangh functionary Ravi Joshi. Narendra Modi of Gujarat, Jagdish Shettar of Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh's Shivraj Singh Chouhan and Chhattisgarh's Raman Singh are the CMS who will be present along with other senior BJP leaders like Sushma Swaraj.\"Known for his scholarly pursuits and insight, Sudarshanji was once described aptly as 'living encyclopedia' by the Marathwada University VC Shivajirao Bhosale,\" said Joshi.Gadkari said Sudarshan was a great thinker, visionary and a staunch nationalist . \"He also supported the cause of alternative energy sources like biofuels and had a vision for progress of the country without emulating western economic models,\" said Gadkari.Former MP Banwarilal Purohit said Sudarshan was a great patriot who led the RSS in crucial times. \"Through decades of dedicated work, Sudarshanji gave the cause of apolitical consolidation of Hindu community newer dimensions,\" he said.City BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis said Sudarshan would be always remembered as an \"erudite leader committed to his ideology who dedicated his entire life to social service and the nation\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16415591", "title": "Traders support nationwide bandh on September 20 against FDI in retail", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Khadya Padarth Vyapar Sangh has announced their support to the NDA's nation-wide bandh on September 20 in protest against the Centre's policy to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail.More than 240 mandis of food products across the state would remain closed on September 20 to protest the FDI in retail . The organisation has 3.60 lakh small time and marginal traders and would all join the protest. Prior to the bandh, the traders will also hold dharnas at the mandis across the state on Monday.\"The FDI, which has been approved by the Centre, will have a bad impact on the small and marginal traders and will directly hit their source of income. It is a move in the wrong direction and will affect lakhs of people directly and indirectly,'' said Badulal Gupta, president of the sangh.Meanwhile, politics over the FDI has flared up in the state. State BJP president Arun Chaturvedi on Saturday criticized the move saying it is anti small-time traders and farmers. \"The four crore small and marginal traders along with the farmers will have to bear the brunt of the decision,'' Chaturvedi said.Meanwhile, state Congress president Chandrabhan welcomed the decision but said the state government should invite the small-time traders and others for a dialogue. \"It is a decision taken after a detailed study and debate, and this will benefit the consumers. However, we would request the state government to ensure that the interests of the small-time traders are also taken of,'' Chandrabhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415937", "title": "Resolute PM now calls for 'courage &amp; risks'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Riding a reform glow that had deserted his government, PM Manmohan Singh unapologetically defended the steep Rs 5 a litre hike in diesel price as necessary and called for courageous steps to turn the economy around.Displaying a resolve to stand his ground on reforms in the face of belligerent allies like Mamata Banerjee and a combined Opposition, Singh on Saturday told in a meeting of the full Planning Commission that it will take \"courage and risks\" to achieve high growth.He sought to rally senior ministers and his Congress party by warning that a bleak \"policy logjam\" scenario will collapse growth to 5%. \"I want everyone to understand this... the people of India deserve better,\" he said.A meeting of the Plan panel to approve the 12th Plan provided a political setting for the PM to argue half-hearted action and poor implementation will doom the economy. And although he did not say so, it is also meant Congress's fortunes.Plan panel sets 8.2% growth, a 'realistic' target for 12th planThe government's bid to break months of policy paralysis induced by allies and a lack of consensus within Congress on the way forward saw the PM on Saturday make a strong pitch that good economics is essential for UPA's political survival.In a bid to underline his commitment to putting the government back on track, Singh told a full meeting of the Planning Commission, \"I will personally review the performance of the infrastructure ministries compared with targets at the end of the first six months.\"Acknowledging the negative impact of downgrades, the PM said a large fiscal deficit has attracted the adverse comment of analysts.Finance minister P Chidambaram put forward a sober assessment of a \"difficult fiscal situation\" that curbed generosity in allocations. But he backed the PM's call to boost investment, saying growth has outpaced infrastructure although he questioned some of the Planning Commission's projections.In keeping with the pro-growth mood, urban development minister Kamal Nath called for the launch of Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission phase II, while HRD minister Kapil Sibal argued for greater private participation in college education. Sibal pointed out that increased school recruitments due to right to education will not be met by the existing capacity.Deputy planning commission chief Montek Singh Ahluwalia admitted that even the scaled down 8.2% growth target is a stiff ask given that the current year is likely to end up in the 6%-6.5% range. This will mean that the rest of the plan years will need close to 9% growth rate, that experts feel is needed to cater to India's population if social strife is to be avoided.Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh told the meeting that India's health policy will need greater attention and suggested that nutrition and drinking water supplies are essential components. Chidambaram also called for the phasing out the current subsidy regime and replacing it with 100% cash transfers through the unique identification project by the end of the 12th Plan.The Plan's focal points are health, education and infrastructure that the Planning Commission feels are at the centre of India's growth engine.\"The full Commission endorsed the revised growth target of 8.2% for the 12th Plan which is necessary to achieve the inclusive growth,\" Ahluwalia told the media after the meeting.\"In view of global problems, 8.2% is actually a realistic target for the 12th Plan,\" he said.The total Plan size is of Rs.47.7 lakh crore, 135% more than the 11th Plan. Ahluwalia further said states would be given greater flexibility in utilizing funds under centrally sponsored schemes. The Centre would encourage them to spend funds for the specific purpose under the scheme in an innovative manner, he added.\"Power sector was mentioned and all members agreed recent problems encountered in the power sector relate to fuel supply. This needs to be resolved on an urgent basis,\" Ahluwalia said.PM spells out good, bad &amp; ugly senarioIn an unusually pithy manner, PM Manmohan Singh on Saturday outlined three scenarios before the government that range from good, bad to ugly. He told the Planning Commission that the best case is \"strong Inclusive growth\".\"It presents what is possible if the policy actions outlined are substantially implemented,\" he said. This will lead to virtuous cycles and yield positive results on both growth and inclusion. \"Scenario two is called \"insufficient action\". It describes a state of partial action with weak implementation.The virtuous cycles that reinforce growth in scenario I will not kick in, and growth can easily slow down to 6% to 6.5%,\" Singh told the Plan panel. \"Inclusiveness will also suffer. This is where we will end up if we make only half-hearted efforts,\" he said. The third and dire scenario is called a \"policy logjam\", Singh said.\"It reflects a situation where for one reason or another, most of the policies needed to achieve Scenario 1 are not taken. If this continues for any length of time, vicious cycles will begin to set in and growth could easily collapse to about 5% per year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "16415889", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee rues no Indian university in world's top 200", "text": "KHARAGPUR: IIT, Kharagpur kicked off its Diamond Jubilee celebrations last year with work on a document to elevate the institution to a another level. Pranab Mukherjee was then present as the country's finance minister . A year later, when the institute brought the celebrations to a close at its 58th convocation ceremony on Saturday, Pranab released the document as the President of India.If everything goes according to plan, the first IIT in the country will be on the list of the top-20 educational institutions in the world by 2032.On Saturday, during its 58th Convocation Ceremony and closure of IIT, Kharagpur's Diamond Jubilee celebrations, a document was released to take the institution to another level altogether. If everything goes as per plans, the first IIT in the country will be in the list of the top-20 educational institutions in the world by 2032. Work on this document started in 2011 when IIT, Kharagpur' s Diamond Jubilee celebrations began. Pranab Mukherjee was then present as the country's finance minister. On Saturday, he released the document as President.While acknowledging the progress made by IIT, Kharagpur in introducing new courses, Mukherjee expressed his displeasure at the fact that not a single educational institute in India features on the list of the top-200 colleges of the world. \"I feel it necessary to share with you my sense of dismay on seeing, in recent reports, that not a single Indian university or institute of higher learning, including the premier IITs, figure on the list of 200 top-rated universities of the world. Now you may question the survey, but to my mind the more important question is: Why? Why are we, a 'rising economic superpower', not able to promote our standards to be rated, indisputably, among the top 10 or even top 50 or 100? I welcome the pledge taken by IIT, Kharagpur, to be on the list of the top 20 institutions in the next 20 years,\" Mukherjee said.Referring to the Rs 200-crore one time grant by the Centre for the institute's development of IIT, Kharagpur, in the Union Budget 2011-12, the President said that the Centre has approved the setting up of a 400-bed hospital within the IIT campus in Kharagpur. The hospital will be built on a 'Special Purpose Vehicle' model.\"It is a matter of satisfaction to see that the institute will soon start a Medical Education Programme and take resarch initiative in bio-medical and healthcare in the proposed Dr Bidhan Chandra Roy Institute of Medical Sciences and Research,\" the President said. Calling this the 'Decade of Innovation', Mukherjee called upon students to take advantage of the situation and work towards creating jobs.Many parents and family members of students were disappointed at not being allowed into the Netaji Hall where the convocation was taking place. There wasn't enough room in the hall. Preparations were made for the families in an adjoining hall to watch the ceremony on TV screens but the quality of transmission was extremely poor.\"We had come to see our son receive his PhD at IIT. Had we known that we would have to watch it on TV here, we may as well have stayed back home,\" said Nirmal Das of Dum Dum.An Afghanistan resident of Indian origin was also unhappy after he wasn't allowed into the hall while his daughter was being conferred an engineering degree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415270", "title": "Government plans to revise PWD Act", "text": "NAGPUR: Mukul Wasnik, the Union minister of social justice and empowerment, said here on Saturday that the government will be tabling the revised Persons With Disabilities (PWD) Act in the winter assembly session to convert it into a new legislation. The draft of the new act will be circulated to all state governments for their suggestions.He was speaking after inaugurating the 9{+t}{+h} national conference on childhood disabilities organized by the Indian Academy of Paediatrics (IAP) and the National Childhood Disability Group (NCDG).\"The new legislation will guarantee equality and non-discrimination to all persons with disabilities. The central government is also contemplating formation of a 'disability rights authority',\" he added.Wasnik said there is a plan to start an Indian Sign Language and Research Centre in collaboration with the Indira Gandhi National Open University.The minister, however, admitted that it was sad despite all efforts by the central government \"only 30-32% of the PWD actually have got the disability certificate so far\". He suggested converting the multi-member medical board that certifies disabilities into a single person expert board to hasten the certification process.The proposed National Centre for Universal Design and Barrier Free Environment was also being set up as an obligation under the UN Convention on rights of PWDs, informed Wasnik.Dr Dipty Jain, the chairperson of the conference, asked the minister to start a certification centre for children with learning disability in the city so that they don't have to travel to Mumbai.Child disability group (CGD) president Dr SS Kamath said that IAP had brought out the first book on childhood disability and suggested its inclusion in the syllabus at UG and PG levels. CDG secretary Dr Sameer Dalwai stressed on making trained personnel and services available to convert the disabled into enabled.Dr Uday Bodhankar, secretary-general of the UK-based Commonwealth Association of Health and Disability, called for making Nagpur a disability-free city. Dr Kishor Taori, the Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) president, said the council will honour doctors doing community work in disability. Rajendra Mulak, minister of state for energy, called for more e-diagnosis or patients in villages. MLC S Q Zama also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16420536", "title": "Yuki Bhambri scores patchy win; India lead 4-0", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Yuki Bhambri overcame a sluggish start to set up India for a complete rout of New Zealand as he struggled past Jose Statham in the dead fourth rubber to give the hosts a 4-0 lead in the relegation play off tie on Sunday.Yuki was far from convincing in his 2-6, 7-5, 7-6(5) win which came after a two hour and 41 minute battle under hot conditions.It was second come-from-behind victory for Yuki as he had erased a two-set deficit in the opening singles.Yuki also battled cramps towards the end but hung on to eke out the win. Many a times he was in an advantageous position but could not deliver the knockout punch.At 40-0, he was up by three break points in the 12th game of the second set but took two more to finally draw parity.After failing to convert his first match point in the final set, he was up 5-0 in the match tie-break but allowed Statham to take five points on the trot to make it 5-5.Yuki was slow off the blocks, struggling with his first serve. After committing two double faults and netting a forehand, he faced a breakpoint in the very first game but saved it.Yuki had his chances in the game four but squandered two breakpoints. Unforced errors added to his struggle as he dropped his serve at love to hand a mini 3-2 lead to Statham.The youngster was even missing easy put aways. Two more double faults coupled with unforced errors put Yuki down by another break point and Statham found himself in a comfortable 5-2 lead.Yuki saved two set points before conceding the lead in 37 minutes.The Delhi lad improved slightly in the second set but he was far from his best. The searing heat also started to bother Statham as his movement slowed down.The set went on serve till 11 games, and Statham was serving to stay. The Kiwi played his most inconsistent game of the match as three unforced errors put Yuki one point away from pushing the issue to third set.The Indian youngster, positioned 40-0 on Statham's serve squandered four set points before finally converting the fifth with a forehand winner.The double fault came to haunt Yuki again as his sixth of the match handed his rival a chance to nose ahead in the decider. He saved it with a deft drop shot but sent a forehand long to let his rival go up 3-2.Statham was now struggling to cope with the heat. His movement dropped considerably and he was trying to keep the points short.Yuki too was struggling to move as he suffered cramps and let the decider go to the full distance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai/madurai/ coimbatore/ trichy", "code": "16416719", "title": "IAS officers booked in quarry scam", "text": "CHENNAI/MADURAI/ COIMBATORE/ TRICHY: The Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) on Saturday conducted raids in 34 places across the state and lodged cases against two senior IAS officers for aiding granite companies accused in the multi-crore illegal quarrying scam.The officers had served in the past as collectors of Madurai, the epicentre of the scam. The scam came to light after their successor, U Sagayam, reported largescale quarrying beyond permitted limits, in areas for which permission had not been given, and damage to water bodies in and around Madurai district.IAS officers C Kamaraj and N Mathivanan have been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act and for criminal conspiracy and forgery. Mathivanan had served in Madurai between May 2009 and February 2010, while Kamaraj succeeded him and held office till March 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415843", "title": "Goons break into KMC auditor's officeMiscreants try to break open auditor's office at KMC", "text": "KOLKATA: After the treasury and file scam, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation authorities may be faced with another embarassment. could face another embarrassment if they fail to find a solution to a recent fiasco.In a letter to the caretaker, the resident audit officer Aloke Bhattacharya has alleged brought to the notice of the municipal commissioner that some miscreants recently tried to break open his chamber on the second floor of the KMC headquarters on SN Banerjee Road. A copy of the letter has also been sent to the municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed. with their motives unknown to him.In his letter addressed to the caretaker of the KMC headquarters, a copy of which was sent to the municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed, Bhattacharya said that when he reached office on Wednesday at 10.45am, he found the lock of his room partially damaged. On entering the room, he found This is not all. After entering the room, Bhattacharya found that a computer with its peripherals and a photocopier machine were badly damaged.The lock of the almirah was broken and the files had been tampered with, alleged Bhattacharya. Then came the real horror for the resident audit officer when he found that the almirah in which all official documents including the files are kept was also damaged. A further look revealed that the printer tray was lying broken in one corner of the room.The incident has created a furore in the civic corridor since the resident audit officer was engaged in examining files relating to projects worth Rs 500 crore projects being executed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). This apart, the audit officer was going through documents relating to city's beautification projects undertaken by the civic body. \"The audit officer had requisitioned files relating to beautification drive across the city which include riverfront, beautification of the median verges and installation of trident lights. This apart, the audit officer had been examining files relating to JNNURM projects across the city,\" said a senior KMC official.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said, that he was not consulted on this subject.\"It is an urgent matter. and needs proper investigation.I will see to it that those who tried to break open the lock are booked.\" Chatterjee said. Opposition leader in the KMC, Rupa Bagchi, however, demanded immediate inquiry into the matter saying that the motive behind the incident could be 'dangerous'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16417040", "title": "Heavy rainfall likely in next 48 hours", "text": "PATNA: Southwest monsoon has become vigorous over Bihar with the state receiving rain at almost all the places during the last 24 hours and the weatherman forecasting fairly widespread rainfall during the week ahead.In its warning, the department has forecast heavy to very heavy rainfall at few places in the state during the next 48 hours.A Patna meteorological department official attributed the present spell of shower to an axis of the monsoon trough at mean sea level which was now passing through Patna while moving southeastward and gradually into the North Andaman Sea. \"The whole region has been under the spell of Kalpana-1 imaginary clouds which brought rain to the state after almost 15 days of dry spell,\" the official said and added the condition will remain so for the whole week with generally cloudy sky and thunderstorm accompanied by rain predicted at almost all the places in the state.Patna received 7.4mm rainfall during the last 24 hours. While it was 79.4mm, the highest in the state during the last 24 hours, in Purnia, Bhagalpur recorded 27.4mm and Gaya 13.9mm rainfall during the period. With cyclonic circulation persisting over Jharkhand and neighbouring areas, more rain is likely in all these areas.However, the rainfall deficit in the state remains 30% till date. This monsoon season - starting June 1 till September 12, the state received 625.5mm actual rainfall against the normal rainfall of 902.6mm. Said A C Jain, an agriculture official on Saturday: This rain will surely help the standing paddy crops. More rain in coming days will give a further boost to the crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16414979", "title": "MLA, rivals come to blows", "text": "HYDERABAD: Associates of LB Nagar MLA D Sudhir Reddy and Hyderabad market committee chairman Rammohan Goud nearly came to blows during a programme organised by the Hyderabad Metro Rail here on Saturday. At one point of time, the MLA himself got into action and tried to attack his opponents.It all started when Rammohan Goud took objection to someone pushing him and hurling abuses at him. However, Goud's outburst did not go down well with Sudhir Reddy. The official programme of planting saplings turned into a scuffle between two groups and slippers were thrown at each other. The Cyberabad police had to use mild lathicharge to disperse the crowd. No cases were registered in the incident.The incident at LB Nagar was the second in the day involving Sudhir Reddy as he also allegedly abused a woman revenue official at Karmanghat on Saturday morning. Although revenue inspector Divya Reddy did lodge a complaint, no case was registered against Sudhir Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16415578", "title": "Davis Cup: Vishnu stars as Team India prevails over Kiwis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: India's 'team of the future' wrapped up the Davis Cup Asia-Oceania zone Group I relegation play-off tie with a day to spare, but not before a mediocre New Zealand pushed them to the wire and asked some uncomfortable questions in two of the three rubbers.Vishnu Vardhan was the man of the tie, pulling off two wins on Saturday to give India a 3-0 advantage and ensuring that India retain our Group I berth. The gentle giant from Hyderabad first played a flawless fourth set to finish off the delayed tie 6-2, 6-7 (5-7), 6-4, 6-2 against Jose Statham.After morning showers had resulted in another delayed start to the day's action, Vishnu didn't put a foot wrong and packed off the Kiwi No. 1 after just 32 minutes.Back on court 45 minutes later with debutant Divij Sharan for company, Vishnu rode a 3-hour, 50-minute emotional roller-coaster ride en route to a 7-6 (7-3), 4-6, 6-3, 5-7, 6-3 triumph over Daniel King-Turner and Michael Venus.Carrying his impressive singles form into the doubles rubber, Vishnu made sure the team wouldn't have to pay for the nervous Divij's shaky start.In control of the match despite the plucky Kiwis pocketing the second set, Vishnu lost his game in the middle of the fourth as the muscles stiffened, affecting his movement.\"There wasn't any injury, I just lost my legs,\" Vishnu explained. \"It was muscle stiffness... I've seen it happen to Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes many times and knew that I had to keep taking in the fluids,\"Having paired up many times in the pro circuit and won a Challenger just a fortnight ago, Vishnu and Divij went into the match as favourites. But playing Davis Cup at home, with parents, grandparents and close friends in attendance, is not the same as the environs in an ATP Challenger abroad.The pressure on Divij was palpable; his serves lacked bite and the returns too tame. Vishnu, who was at the top of his game, sealed the first set with a winning volley in the tie-break.Despite Vishnu slowing down considerably, the Indians still had their chances in the fourth set. First, they let Venus escape from 0-40 in game 7 and then they let go a 3-1 lead in the tie-break as New Zealand made it two sets apiece.But a re-energised Vishnu helped the pair get its focus back. They targeted Venus, the weak link, and it paid off, as they rode the solitary service break to victory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16416939", "title": "State to boost ornamental floriculture", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state agriculture department has set an ambitious plan to enhance the production of internationally accepted ornamental flowers in the state.According to the department, despite the conducive weather conditions, the state has been lagging behind in the production of export quality flowers. In fact, lack of good quality planting materials has been a major impediment for the growth of floriculture.Hence, the department has decided to increase the annual production of quality tissue culture ornamental plantlets from the current three lakh to 10 lakh in the near future. In order to achieve this, it has decided to streamline the activities of the government Biotechnology and Floriculture Centre at Kazhakuttom here.The department, following the recommendations of the agriculture directorate, in the second week of August, had given sanction for establishing a revolving fund worth Rs 20 lakh for the activities of the centre. (During the current year, there is a budget provision of Rs 440 lakh for modernization of agriculture department labs.)The Floriculture Centre would be using the revolving fund to meet its requirements to source and quarantine ornamental plantlets and sell the same to interested farmers at a subsidized rate.While according sanction to the agriculture directorate's demand for revolving fund to the centre, the department had directed the agriculture director to come out with a detailed proposal for vesting more autonomy with the Biotechnology and Floriculture Centre.The department also directed the centre to set up an expert committee to guide its future activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16417097", "title": "UPA ratted on consensus promise: Ravi Shankar Prasad", "text": "PATNA: Deputy leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha and BJP's chief national spokesman Ravi Shankar Prasad said here on Saturday that UPA government at the Centre had reneged on its earlier assurance to Parliament last year that it would build consensus before taking any decision on opening the door to foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail and aviation in the country.While the NDA constituents, incidentally, are meeting to decide the next course of countrywide agitation to be adopted, Prasad said the aim of the NDA would be to \"expose\" the Congress on its failure on various fronts, including steps to prevent corruption and check price rise. \"The UPA government at the Centre took the decisions to distract public attention from corruption and price rise,\" Prasad said.\"The PM has said hard decisions on FDI in multi-brand retail and other matters had been taken in the interest of the country. We ask him what has prevented him from taking hard decisions on checking corruption and price rise,\" he said, adding the rise in diesel price and the partial withdrawal of subsidy from liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) cylinders would not only hit the common man but also have cascading effect on the prices of commodities, travel and transport services. \"Even the constituents and partners of the UPA are furious,\" Prasad said.He reiterated that the PM did not take even the UPA partners into confidence before taking the crucial decision on opening the doors to FDI in crucial sectors. The Centre on Friday also decided to sell stakes in four state-run public sector undertakings (PSUs).He, with regard to the assurance to Parliament, said former Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee talked about building consensus in Lok Sabha on December 7 last year, and Union commerce minister Anand Sharma repeated it in Rajya Sabha on the same day. The PM took the crucial decisions to placate \"foreign companies\" under the pressure of \"foreign media\", Prasad said, adding five crore retail outlets would be hit hard by the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16415610", "title": "Ajmer dargah dewan urges govt to protest against the US government", "text": "AJMER: After the Islamic movie 'The innocence of Muslims' produced in the United States sparked a wave of protests worldwide for denigrating the Prophet Muhammad, the dargah dewan (religious head) of Khwaja Gharieb Nawaz, Syed Zainual Abedin Ali Khan has asked the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to register an official protest against the US government.The dewan said the US government shouldn't have allowed the anti-Islamic movie to be made. He also appealed to the Muslims to maintain peace and harmony.In his statement released on Saturday, dewan saheb strongly objected to the \"moves of US and Israel to defame Islam and holy prophet\".\"Muslim world is deeply saddened by the content of this movie deliberately circulated on Youtube ,\" said dewan. He held US responsible for the outrage in the Islamic world. The series of protests and demonstrations across the globe have made it loud and clear that defaming of Islam will not be tolerated by Muslims, he said.He asked the Indian government to explain the deteriorating law and order situation referring to protests in Chennai against the US high commissioner. \"The way the PM is withholding secular credentials in our country, he should strongly react on the propaganda against Islam in the western world, which has 20 crore Muslims,\" read the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai/ madurai/ coimbatore/ trichy", "code": "16416871", "title": "Quarry scam: Two senior IAS officials booked in TN", "text": "CHENNAI/ MADURAI/ COIMBATORE/ TRICHY: The Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) conducted raids in 34 places across the state on Saturday and lodged cases against two senior IAS officials for aiding granite companies accused in the multi-crore quarrying scam.The two IAS officers had served in the past as collectors of Madurai, the epicentre of the illegal granite quarrying scam. The scam came to light after their successor, U Sagayam, reported large-scale quarrying beyond permitted limits, in areas for which permission had not been given, and damage to water bodies in and around Madurai district.The officers, C Kamaraj and N Mathivanan, have been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act as well as various other counts including criminal conspiracy and forgery. Mathivanan had served in Madurai between May 2009 and February 2010, while Kamaraj succeeded him and held office till March 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415568", "title": "No one came to us over script: Writers' body", "text": "MUMBAI: The Film Writers' Association (FWA) has denied being approached by anyone for clarifications over alleged copyright violations in the script of Salman Khan-starrer Ek Tha Tiger.The Amboli police had registered a case of copyright violation, cheating and criminal breach of trust against Aditya Chopra , Kabir Khan and two others on September 9, after writer Anand Panda lodged a complaint saying the movie's story was similar to his script. Cops said they had approached the FWA, which told them the film's script was almost similar to the complainant's script, after which they registered the FIR. On behalf of the association, writer Kamlesh Pandey said, \"Neither the writer nor the cops approached us for advice before lodging the police complaint.\"On Thursday, the Federation of Western India Cine Employees arranged an emergency meeting between filmmaker Yash Chopra and FWA members. The FWA is reportedly taking precautions to avoid false cases by writers against filmmakers. \"We have already made it mandatory for writers coming with complaints to sign affidavits saying that they are the rightful owner of the copyright of their work or have the proper permission of the writer who owns the copyright and whose work they are adapting,'' Pandey said.A Yashraj Films spokesperson said, \"The film is based on an original script. We are surprised at this controversy. As of now,YRF has not received any legal notice about the same.\" The film's director, Kabir Khan, said, \"I had already narrated the script to Salman in February.\" Panda said he had registered and submitted his script to Yashraj on March 17, 2011. The film's writer, Neelesh Misra, added, \"By January 2010, 15 months before his script was registered, we were already working on dialogues.\"But we got no response from the office for 50 days. It is after I read about the photo session and saw the promos, I complained to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415655", "title": "Malabar Hill surface 4 degrees hotter since '98", "text": "MUMBAI: The unending, unplanned concretisation of Mumbai is not just impacting its air brutally but also its land. A recent study shows that between 1998 and 2011 the temperature of the land here rose by an average of 2-3 degrees Celsius, with Malabar Hill suffering the biggest increase, followed by Santa Cruz (West), Khar (West) and Bandra (West).Conducted by The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI), the study recorded land surface temperature (LST) by examining satellite images. LST, experts explained, indicates how hot the earth surface is. It differs from the atmospheric temperature but contributes to a general increase in temperature. High LST affects flora and fauna besides disturbing humans' concentration levels and work efficiency as well as causing in them depression and irritation.LST, experts said, is linked directly to land usage. Its increasing levels in Mumbai illustrate significant loss of green cover and its substitution with concrete structures.\"The increasing temperature shows the change in the use of land from vegetation to non-vegetation state. In most cases, the latter involves concretisation,\" said P K Joshi, a professor in the natural resources department at TERI. \"Ideally, the temperature should hover around 30-32 degrees. But, in most cities, it is scaling up.\"According to the TERI study, LST in island city increased by an average of just 0.51 degree from 1998 to 2011, but in Malabar Hill it surged by 4.48 degrees.In the suburbs, Santa Cruz (West) registered a massive 4.3-degree jump. Following it were Khar West (3.9 degree rise) and Bandra West (3.69 degree rise). In the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, the biggest spike was witnessed in Uttan near Bhayander. Its land temperature swelled by 6.56 degrees-from 37.34 degrees Celsius in 1998 to 43.9 degrees last year.In other areas, the spike was not worrying but, owing to high LST in 1998, the figures in 2011 still were. Dharavi, for instance, registered an upsurge of just 0.46 degree over 14 years. It, however, had the highest LST-47.09 degrees-of all places last year. Similar were the cases of Parel, Santa Cruz (East) and Andheri.Richa Sharma, the TERI research scholar who conducted the study, said significant changes were also noticed in Thane and Borivli. \"These areas had abrupt changes. The satellite mapping showed an increase in red points, indicating high temperature. Some were even close to the national park. That means more heat is getting trapped. This is possibly due to construction activity,\" she said.sAtiqur Rahman, an associate professor in the department of geography at Jamia Millia Islamia University, said the smallest rise in LST contributes to a rise in global temperature. He maintained that the cause of Mumbai's figures changing distressingly is poor town planning.\"Green spaces, like parks and open grounds, have been ignored. The focus is on unbridled construction. Also, builders are switching to glass structures, which trap heat. The cooling systems inside these building too have to be massive, leading to further release of heat in the environment,\" Rahman said.The rise in LST causes urban heat island effect. Ideally, the temperature should drop as the altitude increases. But the opposite happens in highly urbanized areas. \"The heat gets trapped in the surface. Even pollutants get trapped and do not disperse. Hence, the temperature does not increase with increasing altitude. This is why the temperature rises,\" said Rakesh Kumar, chief scientist and head of National Environment Research Institute, Mumbai. The only remedy, Kumar said, is to have more green spaces and to minimise use of glass in buildings. Dilip Mayadeo of Environmental Medical Association of India, said population density in Mumbai is also one of the causes of rising temperature. \"The human heat and vehicular heat gets trapped as it is radiated back by the concrete roads and buildings, causing the temperature to rise,\" Mahadeo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415690", "title": "Music brings peace message", "text": "KOLKATA: A jam-packed auditorium, a line-up of talented rock bands from neighbouring countries and 500-plus music lovers humming along with the likes of Suraj Jagan - Kolkatans couldn't have asked for more on a Saturday evening.It was a musical joyride of peace, love and rock-n-roll at Nazrul Mancha that brought people together for Kolkata's first 'peace concert' aptly titled 'Sound of Peace'. The event was organised by the American Center and State Alumni in association with The Times of India.Kolkata-based Bangla rock band Lakkhichhara opened the concert with a power-packed performance promising an entertaining evening. The crowd went berserk and could not stop clapping and whistling when Raeth, the Sufi rock band from Pakistan, started belting out their famous soulful numbers like 'Bhula Do'. Their rendition of A R Rahman's superhit 'Vande Mataram' won the audience's heart, with the entire auditorium standing up and humming along with them.Bangladesh-based Bangla rock band Love Runs Blind (LRB) joined the musical bandwagon next and rocked the packed auditorium with their foot-tapping numbers.But it was singer Suraj Jagan, the man behind the youth anthem 'Give me some sunshine', and his band, which made the evening a surreal experience for music lovers. People hummed, danced and grooved with songs like 'Give me...' and 'All is well' (from '3 Idiots') and 'Dil dhadakne do' ('Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara'), bringing a perfect end to the evening.\"I am fond of all the bands that performed today. And obviously, Suraj Jagan was the best thing about the concert,\" gushed Kalighat resident Radhika Das, who was at the concert with her 10-year-old son Soham, who is a fan of Jagan's 'Give me...' and wants to be a singer.According to American Center director Jeffrey Reneau, \"The concert was an effort to foster harmony among the neighbouring countries - India, Bangladesh and Pakistan - and champion peace through the universal language of music\".For those who could not make it to the Saturday concert, the three bands are scheduled to make a special appearance at Someplace Else soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16422274", "title": "Cricket coaches to get week-long coaching at Jaipur from September 20", "text": "MANGALORE: Best of cricket coaches - 25 of them from 10 cities across India - including two from this coastal city will be put through their paces at a week-long coaching camp for them getting underway at Jaipur on September 20. Organising the coaching which will delve on cricket methodology, philosophy, style and latest advances in coaching is Sports Education Development India Ltd (SEDIL), its CEO Martin Gleeson said here on Sunday.Interacting with media on the sidelines of the launch of Cricket India Academy (CIA) in association with Mangala Sports Pvt Ltd, Martin said, \"Nobody knows better about cricket than Indians.\" SEDIL will bring four Cricket Australia (CA) cricket educators to train the 25 coaches. SEDIL is looking to marry the knowledge of CA educators in coaching with the passion that Indians have for the game to sharpen skills of wards at CIA, Martin said.The move to train coaches, Martin said, is to ensure that cricket as a sport is globally healthy. \"If Indian, Sri Lankan, West Indian cricket is strong, the sport (cricket) will be healthy back home in Australia,\" he said, adding that recent decline of Australia's ratings in the longer form of the game and see-sawing of test number one spot between India, Australia, England and South Africa shows the competitiveness in cricket and should remain that way.Martin, based out of Mumbai said he will visit each CIA centre in India - presently at Pune, Mumbai, Jaipur, Surat, Chennai and now Mangalore - once every six weeks to interact with the wards undergoing training there. \"We would love to bring in Brett Lee, cricket education programme brand ambassador, and our role model Mike Hussey to CIA centres depending on their schedule or take them to Lee and Hussey while they are here,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16415992", "title": "Dengue set to challenge Malaria as king of vectors", "text": "PANAJI: With over 600 people already having tested positive for malaria in Goa, it has earned the title of being a major vector-borne disease in the state. Unfortunately, this has probably led Goa to ignore the rise of other vector-borne diseases prevalent in the state, such as dengue, chikungunya , Japanese encephalitis and filariasis.Up to 2007, only 36 cases of dengue were reported in Goa, but by 2010, that figure touched 194. Though the state has tried to curb this trend, the dengue scare has slowly but surely gained a foothold in Goa. From July 14 to 17, 2012, a total of 170 samples were tested for dengue, and four were confirmed to be positive, with one each under the jurisdiction of the public health centres at Candolim, Corlim, Beti and Aldona.From January 2012 to August 17, 2012, the total number of samples tested for dengue was as many as 623, out of which 32 have tested positive.\"Intermittent rainfall can lead to water stagnations, leading to increase in mosquito breeding sites,\" said a health department official. \"This gives rise to the mosquito-vector density and the risk of transmission of Vector Borne Diseases increases. Therefore, it is essential to prevent water stagnations and to maintain cleanliness in and around the houses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16421489", "title": "Nehru Cup winners felicitated, presented Rs 50,000 each", "text": "KOLKATA: Eleven Nehru Cup winners, who represent various city-based I-League clubs, were awarded Rs 50,000 each during a felicitation ceremony by the state government on Sunday.The 11 players included five from East Bengal, three from Mohun Bagan, two from United SC and one from Pailan Arrows.Versatile Syed Rahim Nabi, who played a stellar role in India's hat-trick of Nehru Cup wins recently, on Sunday said the honour would give a huge boost to the budding footballers.\"It will really serve as a huge motivation for the young footballers. We all are proud to win the title for India and now it makes it doubly special that our efforts are recognised,\" Nabi said at the felicitation.The senior pro also urged for more exposure trips for Indian football team to better the FIFA rankings as the national team is placed at 169th position.\"We have to play more on FIFA dates. We are a side on the rise and that has to reflect at the world stage. Surely, we are much much better than the FIFA rankings,\" the India right-back said.\"It's on the right track and heading in the right direction. We need to invest judiciously and promote the game. AIFF is doing a great job for sure.\"With the Federation Cup approaching, he is now eyeing to do well for his club in the tournament in Siliguri.\"The focus is now on Federation Cup. We all are friends but when playing for clubs, we vie against each other. That's just for 90 minutes,\" the Mohun Bagan player said with rival club East Bengal's Mehtab Hossain on his side.The India playmaker, Hussain, hailed the state government for the initiative and said, \"Never before were we given such an appreciation. It indeed feels great.\"India lifted the Nehru Cup for the third consecutive time, beating Cameroon 5-4 in a penalty shootout at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in New Delhi earlier this month.Meanwhile, state sports minister Madan Mitra announced that they would select 50 youngsters from a pool of 500 for a residential academy at the Yuba Bharati Krirangan in October.\"It will be a full-fledged academy under Gautam Sarkar. I'm sure it would help scout upcoming talents,\" Mitra said.Stars of yesteryears PK Banerjee, Chuni Goswami and Samar Badru Banerjee among others were present at the felicitation.The players: Mehtab Hossain, Sanju Pradhan, Robin Singh , Gurwinder Singh and Raju Gaikwad (all EB); Syed Rahim Nabi, Nirmal Chhetri and Sheikh Jewel Raja (all Mohun Bagan); Subrata Pal and Gourmangi Singh (both United SC); and Alwyn George (Pailan Arrows).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "16417542", "title": "Blind student is IIT topper", "text": "KHARAGPUR: The concept of darkness is in the mind . For many sightless people , the world around is little more than a dark void. Not so for Pratish Datta. On Saturday , when he strode to the dais , aided by mother Ranjana to receive the Professor Jagadish Chandra Bose Memorial Gold Medal from President Pranab Mukherjee ,he had succeeded in proving that one sees through the mind , not the eyes . Pratish , who lost his eyesight when he was in college in Kolkata , was awarded for the best academic performance among outgoing students of the M.Sc courses in the science disciplines at the IIT. He is from the department of mathematics.Pratish has already begun his PhD in cryptology and network technology at IIT. \"My parents are my inspiration . They never made me feel that there was anything wrong. I received tremendous support from my teachers and buddies. My friend and classmate Fauzal Atik took great care of me at IIT,\" Pratish said.Pratish was six months old when doctors told his parents that he had 'retinoschesis' , in which the layers inside the retina gradually get separated from each other, eventually leading to total blindness. By Class VIII, he had to use high-powered magnifying glasses to study.\"His mother would read out his lessons to him,\" said Pratish's father Prabir Datta. \"All the credit goes to his mother. He even ranked second in the country in GATE this year. We feel so proud. My boy is no different... Rather, he has proved better than many,\" Datta said.It was in his second year at St Xavier's College that he lost his sight completely. Ranjana turned a full-time reader for her son and when he cracked IIT-JEE , she moved to Kharagpur with him. Pratish and his mother live in a rented apartment on the IIT-Kgp campus. \"We received a lot of help from people . His IIT teachers and classmates were very kind. At St Xavier's , College they would print question papers on A3 sheets for him,\" Ranjana said.His PhD guide Sourabh Mukhopadhyay is amazed at how a visually impaired person could score so high in a subject like Mathematics. \"This has never happened in IIT, Kharagpur, or anywhere in the world,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415541", "title": "Banganga residents confused over tag", "text": "MUMBAI: Confusion runs high among the residents of the buildings on the premises of Banganga at Walkeshwar ever since the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee accorded the structures a 'Grade-II A' heritage status. While the 600-year-old tank has a Grade I heritage status, locals of the buildings fear their buildings' new tag would hamper redevelopment opportunities.The Gaud Saraswat Temple Trust of the Walkeshwar temple has invited owners and tenants of the area to discuss the impact of the heritage grade on Sunday. Trust chairperson Pravin Kanvinde said, \"We want to discuss the impact of the gradation and the heritage committee's policies. We will also take legal advice.\"Heritage structures are normally categorised as Grade I or Grade II (A or B) or Grade III. If a building is listed as Grade I, it is deemed to be of national or historical importance and no structural changes in it are allowed. While assigning a grade, experts have to weigh the structure or precinct's architectural value, age, its national and local importance, its physical condition, among other things.A resident, Dilipbhai Joshi, said, \"The structures opposite Banganga are not on the heritage list, but those surrounding it are. The temple will remain intact but there is no clarity on the buildings.\"Builders have apparently started a campaign in the locality against the heritage tag as that might come in the way of redevelopment. \"A builders' lobby is telling locals that Banganga buildings were not heritage. Notices were sent to Jamnagiri chawl on the bank of Banganga saying it will go in for redevelopment. If they have Grade II A status, how can they be redeveloped? We do not know the facts.Locals are confused,\" said a resident.Conservation architect Abha Lambah said, \"The other temples and buildings were individually listed but Banganga tank always had Grade I status.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415329", "title": "Bus Rapid Transit restored but others continue using bus lane", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridor is back to maintaining its exclusivity for buses as per the recent Delhi High Court order. On Saturday, the old arrangement of letting buses ply through the corridor was restored but many vehicles continued to violate the court order by using the bus lanes. Delhi integrated multi-modal transit system (DIMTS) has decided to submit the footage containing the numberplates of violators to the transport department so that they can be prosecuted.There were some minor jams between the rush hours of 9am and 11am. Commuters, especially car drivers, fear the traffic will slow down further from Monday as compared to the weekend. Also, not many traffic marshals were seen at the BRT junctions. Two-wheeler riders and car drivers flouting the order pleaded innocence and said they did not know about the High Court order.\"I had no idea that the BRT has been restored to the old system. This stretch is going to be a nightmare from Monday as this stretch is always clogged, especially during rush hours,\" said Praveen Kumar , marketing executive who was riding his two-wheeler and was using the bus lane at Siri Fort BRT.Another car rider was spotted driving in the bus lane at Moolchand. \"I don't know how we are going to commute since this stretch is always choked. That's why you see so many people violating the order. I think they need to deploy a lot more people to manage this stretch,\" said Tapan Kumar, assistant manager at Delhi tourism department.However, the arrangement was favorable for most bus passengers. \"It's faster with the BRT restored,\" said Shikha, who works at a shop in Lajpat Nagar.Traffic marshals at Pushp Vihar and Siri Fort claimed the arrangement will become smoother in a couple of days. \"It's the first day so there will be some violations. Many commuters don't know about the new arrangement,\" said Vinod Swami, one of the marshals.DIMTS has decided to be very strict with violators. \"We have the video footage and shots of the number plates of violators. We will collect them and give to the transport department for prosecution,\" said a DIMTS spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16416910", "title": "Strike withdrawn but buses ply empty", "text": "DHARWAD: Noted Santoor exponent Pandit Shiv Kumar Sharma will present a music concert at the Dr Veerendra Heggade Kalakshetra in Sattur near Dharwad on Sunday. The concert begins at 6.30 pm.The programme will be organized by Sparsh Ayurveda. Dr Satyajit Kadkol of Sparsha said the music concert titled 'Lamhe', journey of 100 strings would be a three- hour programme. Shiv Kumar Sharma is the master instrumentalist of the santoor, after some years as a vocalist. He is credited with making the santoor a popular classical instrument.The santoor maestro would share his magical moments of his musical journey.This will be a blend of classical and film music. This is for the first time that live concert of Shiv Kumar is being held in South India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "danta (banaskantha)", "code": "16416173", "title": "Tulsi case: Order on jurisdiction reserved", "text": "DANTA (BANASKANTHA): A magisterial court of Danta in Banaskantha district on Saturday reserved its order on whether the court is competent to take cognizance of chargesheet filed by the CBI in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case.Judicial magistrate Geeta Ahir has kept September 18 for the decision on where future proceedings would take place against former minister of state for home Amit Shah and 19 others, who are charged with murder, criminal conspiracy and destruction of evidence in the 2006 encounter case.Besides Shah, top cops P C Pande, O P Mathur , Geetha Johri, D G Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandian, Dinesh M N and Vipul Agrawal are also named in the chargesheet. Opposing the CBI's bid to file chargesheet in Danta court, defence counsel S V Raju argued, \"When CBI filed the FIR in the special court in Ahmedabad, it clearly implied that special CBI court is the only court which has jurisdiction to hear the case.\" To support his contention, Raju cited a notification by the Gujarat high court assigning special powers and jurisdiction to two magisterial courts in Ahmedabad to take cognizance of offence and chargesheets filed by the CBI.Requesting the court not to take cognizance of the CBI report, the senior counsel also contended that the CBI had filed chargesheets in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh encounter case in the special CBI court in Ahmedabad only. \"Even the Supreme Court had, while transferring the case from CID (crime), directed CBI to file all papers, including FIR, in the Special Court. So by submitting the chargesheet here, CBI has violated the SC order,\" he submitted.The CBI counsel maintained that only local court has jurisdiction over the case and Ahmedabad's CBI courts are designated to conduct cases of economic offences only. The Danta court has taken the chargesheet on record on insistence of CBI officer Sandeep Tamgadge, but with a rider that if the court concludes that it does not have jurisdiction, it will return the chargesheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16417453", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee to open Suvarna Soudha in mid October: CM", "text": "BANGALORE: President Pranab Mukherjee will inaugurate the newly built Suvarna Soudha building in Belgaum in the second week of October, chief minister Jagadish Shettar said at a function in Bangalore on Saturday.\"Recently, we met President Pranab Mukherjee and he agreed to inaugurate the Suvarna Soudha in the second week of October. It has been built at a cost of Rs 391 crore,\" the chief minister said, while inaugurating the newly constructed PU college and English medium school of K L E Society at Nagarabhavi, on the outskirts of Bangalore.Shettar, himself an alumnus of one of colleges run by the society at Hubli, commended the contribution made by the group in the field of education and health.Youth attached to gadgets: BSYSpeaking on the occasion, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa said that the present generation was too attached to mobiles and computers and seldom talked with their parents and friends. \"They should reform themselves, reduce their overdependence on these gadgets and communicate with their parents and friends more,\" he said.He also took a swipe at his detractors. Reeling out figures of his government's accomplishments when he was CM, the BJP strongman then said, \"Always one's achievements should speak and not the other way round.\" The sprawling new campus spread over 4 acres, next to BDA complex on Outer Ring Road houses a PU college, a school and a kindergarten school, all built at a cost of Rs 17 cr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419300", "title": "1m pounds given to charity: Nelly Furtado", "text": "Nelly Furtado has revealed that she has donated the money she was paid in 2007 to perform for the late Libyan dictator Colonel Gaddafi's family to charity.\"In 2007 I was paid to perform for members of Colonel Gaddafi's family at a hotel in Italy,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"Recently I donated the 1-million-dollar fee to the Free the Children charity. It was the first private show I'd ever done and I wasn't really aware whom I was performing for.\"Straight after the show I had a strange feeling that something wasn't right.\"It was only when the revolution was taking place in Libya that I started educating myself about the country and its rulers. That's when I realised that I had to make amends,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16416140", "title": "I want to be like Geet from Jab We Met: Imitiaz Ali", "text": "Imitiaz Ali was in the city on the last day of the Ranchi Film Festival, Suhana Safar. The director of films like Jab We Met and Rockstar, spoke about his Ranchi connection and career prospects in small towns, in a freewheeling chat with Kelly Kislaya.Q: You come from Jamshedpur. Do you have any Ranchi connect too?A: Yes , I do have an interesting Ranchi connect. I began my schooling from this place. My first school was St Mary's at Doranda.Do you have any memories of the school?I don't remember much. We used to go to school by bus and I would cry a lot before leaving for school. So my father would often take me to Hundroo waterfall to make me feel better.What do you think about Jhollywood? Would you ever want to work here?I don't understand how many 'woods' are there. Why do we pride ourselves in imitating Hollywood? Why can't we just call it the Mumbai Film Industry or the Ranchi Film industry?Many people from Jharkhand are making it big in Bollywood. Do you think Jharkhand has talent?It's not about the place. It's about their potential. Talented people from many different states are making it big in the film industry.There is a perception that people from small towns do not have much scope in theatre or acting. What is your take on it?I do not believe in it. When I was in Jamshedpur, my friends and I used to organize four-five professional plays by selling tickets and they would all prove to be instant hits. I believe that people from small towns have an advantage since they are acquainted with life in small towns, big towns and also foreign countries so if they make a film it would be more realistic. People of metro cities, on the other hand, do not have an access to the lifestyle of small towns.Chief minister Arjun Munda announced that he would be making a film development corporation, would you be support it once it is made?It is a very good initiative. I do not have money but I will definitely love to help as and when the need arises.Do you intend shooting in Jharkhand for any of your upcoming films?I don't have any plans as of now but I would undoubtedly love to shoot here if the script permits.The lead characters of your films, be it Geet from Jab We Met or Jordan from Rockstar, are rebellious in nature. Do you identify with them?I am a wannabe rebel. I want to be rebellious but I stop myself. I want to be like Geet from Jab We Met, doing what I like without thinking of the consequences.What would be your advice to the youth of Jharkhand who are interested in making a career in film?If you have an interest in films, join theatres at any possible level. The road to success is never easy but you should work and not just sit and complain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415626", "title": "3 held for missing girl\u2019s murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three men have been arrested for the murder of a 15-year-old girl who had gone missing from her house on August 17. The prime accused, Vipin Kumar (22), had eloped with the victim and when she refused to go back to her family, Kumar and his friends gang-raped the girl and then murdered her in Uttar Pradesh, police said.\"Kumar had stayed with the victim at the house of Arvind who was arrested on Friday. His friends, Ram Avtar and Vijayveer, were also arrested. The prime accused is still at large,\" said Sindhu Pillai, DCP (north).On August 17, the girl's father had filed a complaint saying his daughter had been kidnapped and a case under Section 363 was registered. Investigators zeroed in on one Arvind with the help of technical surveillance. His friends were also questioned, Pillai added.Arvind told police that his friend Vipin, from his village, had stayed in the girl's house as a tenant for a month and they had grown close during this period. Vipin promised to marry the victim, police said, and she left her house with him on August 10. The couple stayed at Arvind's house in Madhu Vihar, east Delhi, till August 19. During this period, both Vipin and Arvind slept with her several times. But after a few days, they tried to force the girl to return home.When the girl refused, they decided to get rid of her and hatched a plan to kill her. The accused boarded a bus from the Anand Vihar bus terminal to Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh. Arvind told his brother-in-law Vijayveer about the plan and asked for help.On August 20, they reached Bareilly junction. Vijayveer and his friend Ram Avtar Yadav also reached the station and the accused took the girl to the village of Yadav's maternal parents in Bareilly. All the accused took turns to rape the girl. They then strangled her with a rope and dumped the body in a canal.On August 27, the local police recovered the body and the autopsy report confirmed her identity.Police have sent a team to Vipin's village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16421662", "title": "Opposition targets Shinde's remark, reminds Congress of Bofors fallout", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister Sushilkumar Shinde's remarks that the coal issue will soon fade away from public memory like Bofors has drawn sharp reactions with Opposition parties reminding him that Congress lost power after that controversy and could never get a majority on its own since then.\"In 1984 post-Indira Gandhi's death, when elections happened, Congress had won more than 400 seats. After five years post Bofors scandal, Congress was out of power and its seats got halved.\"It's a different matter whether people have forgotten Bofors or not but Congress has forgotten what Bofors had done to it. Since then, Congress has not got majority on its own,\" BJP leader Balbir Punj said.CPI's D Raja also reminded the ruling party that the fact that it lost elections after Bofors is a message that people gave to the government of the day. \"Congress party and Shinde should remember this,\" he said.JD-U president Sharad Yadav, who described Shinde as his \"old friend\" also, did not hide his displeasure over Shinde's remarks advising him to concentrate more on his ministry.\"He has come to Delhi very recently. His importance is due to Congress party. Better he confines himself to speaking about home ministry. He should speak less on political issues,\" Yadav said.Addressing a function in Pune on Saturday, Shinde said in a lighter vein that \"earlier the Bofors was a talking point. People forgot about it. Now it is coal. This too will be forgotten\"\"Once hands are washed off coal, they again become clean,\" the home minister said sending ripples among the audience gathered for an award distribution ceremony in memory of eminent Marathi poet late Narayan Surve.When reporters quizzed Shinde about his remark after the function, he said, \"Do you remember petrol pumps (scam) during NDA rule?\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16416039", "title": "Four static radar sensors put up along state's coastline", "text": "KOCHI: Director general of Coast Guard vice-admiral M P Muralidharan has said that static radar sensors would give a fillip to the coastal security of the country.Speaking to the media after inaugurating the remote radar station for chain of static sensors installed by Coast Guard in Kochi on Saturday, he said the first phase of bringing the entire coastal belt of the country under the surveillance of the radar system would be completed by March 31.Of the 46 remote radar stations that would be operational in the first phase, 36 will be in the mainland and others will be in islands like Lakshadweep and Andaman &amp; Nicobar, he said.In the next phase, there would be 38 stations. He said that ships passing through Indian waters can be traced and visuals of such vessels can be taken using the system.\"Undetected intrusion can be prevented by monitoring the movement of the vessel. It will also help the Coast Guard in carrying out the search and rescue operations. The data collected through the radar system will be shared with other maritime agencies,\" he said. He said that currently the Coast Guard operates 73 ships and 56 aircraft. \"Soon, these would go up to 150 ships and 56 aircraft,\" he said. The four static radar sensors installed at Mount Dilli in Kannur, Ponnani in Malappuram, Vypeen in Kochi and in Kollam are connected to the remote operating station in Kochi. This, in turn, would be connected to the regional operating centre in Mumbai, which is integrated with the control centre in New Delhi. SPS Basra, inspector general, vessel traffic management, Coast Guard, and Kochi corporation councillors Antony Kureethra and T K Ashraf attended the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415819", "title": "History can mean big business too", "text": "KOLKATA: The renovation and reinvention of Metropolitan Building at Esplanade and the ancestral house of Swami Vivekananda on Bidhan Sarani are useful pointers to how heritage can be preserved and integrated with modern urban needs.The Metropolitan Building, restored by LIC of India, now stands in its old splendour and yet houses a commercial complex.Kolkata Municipal Corporation has already tasted success in one such venture - the renovation of the historic Star Theatre. It has been completely revived, keeping its facade intact. \"It is not the sole responsibility of the owners to preserve the city's heritage. The government and municipal corporation are equally responsible,\" said former mayor Subrata Mukherjee, under whose watch the Star Theatre was renovated.Some rules need to be relaxed and the owners of heritage buildings be given the opportunity to explore commercial ventures, suggested a KMC official, pointing to how palaces in Rajasthan have been turned into luxury hotels without changing the heritage character.Hyderabad and Chennai are trying out a radical approach to preserve built heritage. Termed 'Transferable Development Right' (TDR), it allows the owner of a heritage building to sell the vacant space on the premises to a developer, who also gets sops for his other projects as incentive.TDR could well work in Kolkata, says Anindya Karforma, an architect and long-time member of the KMC's heritage conservation committee. For instance, a developer who takes up a commercial project on the vacant land next to a heritage structure can be allowed relaxation in the floor-area ratio (the area to be left vacant in any project) elsewhere, suggested an official.But the KMC building rules have to be changed for this, say officials. The TDR concept has been discussed for long in the corporation but is yet to be adopted, said sources.The KMC can also consider allowing change-of-use for heritage buildings. The owners can be permitted to go for commercial ventures provided it does not affect the heritage nature of the building, said an official.Another radical suggestion is that the owners can be allowed to sell the building on the condition that the buyer won't be allowed to make any changes to the structure. The corporation is apparently persuading owners of prominent heritage buildings to convert them into hotels, as in Jaipur and Udaipur.The majestic buildings can be tourist attractions as well. \"Heritage buildings across the city, especially those in north Kolkata, can be linked to the tourism network,\" said an official. The famed Marble Palace in north Kolkata, built by the Mullicks, can be a crowd puller.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, who also looks after the building department, said that KMC is determined to protect the city's heritage. \"Innovative steps are being taken to rope in developers to restore heritage buildings,\" he said.Nirad C Chowdhury had lamented that Bengalis do not care for their past.Say for example: If Bible Society applies for letting out parts of its building on JL Nehru Road to a renowned publisher for opening a bookstore, there is no harm. The society then can earn from it and invest in repairing the building.Author's observation is apt so far as preservation of Kolkata's heritage buildings is concerned. Kolkata is home to some of India's best known heritage structures, but there have been hardly any endeavours taken to save those from crumbling. Take for example Marble palace in north Kolkata. This building built by the Mullicks was an example of architectural marvel. A marble fountain which now stands as redundant was imported and used to be one of the tourists' attractions during the Raj era. Likewise, the currency building at BBD Bagh needs immediate restoration before it crumbles on its own. If properly restored, keeping its facade intact, the building could come alive like which has been restored by the LIC of India, its owner. Perhaps this building and the ancestral building of Swami Vivekananda located on Bidhan Sarani which has been restored by Ramkrishna Mission are cases of successful restoration of prominent heritage buildings of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16416509", "title": "BJP condemns Samajwadi Party's 'biased' development agenda", "text": "LUCKNOW: Complaining about the step-motherly treatment to most of the districts in the state, the Bharatiya Janata Party on Saturday said that barring a few VVIP districts of the state, rest of the districts are yet to see the fruits of development.\"For me, the six months of the SP government are nothing, but a total failure with development being confined to a few districts like Kannauj, Etawah, Mainpuri, Rampur, Rae Bareli and Amethi on the directives of Sonia Gandhi ,\" state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi said. On law and order front, Bajpayi said that SP government as expected has failed on this front badly with the state recording 799 murders, 158 rapes, 822 thefts, 552 cases pertaining to Goonda Act and 62 kidnapping cases.If at all, the state government has performed well, then it was in appeasing members of particular community. On this, they have gone to the extent of even providing aid to the Muslim girls while leaving girls of other community, Bajpayi said and added that the state government officials woke up over the damage of Lord Buddha and Lord Mahabir statue only after the intervention of the high court.The BJP also rejected the Centre's nod to foreign direct investment in retail sector. It also lambasted the Samajwadi Party for protesting against the FDI in retail and the recent hike in prices of diesel and LPG, but not withdrawing its support to the UPA government. \"This categorically indicates the difference between SP leaders' deeds and words,\" Laxmikant Bajpayi said.\"Initially Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav had made a statement that SP is not against FDI if farmers' interests are kept intact,\" Bajpayi said and added, \"Now they claim to be completely against FDI. If the latter is true then why is SP not withdrawing its support to Congress-led UPA government in the Centre.\" The state BJP chief along with his predecessor Surya Pratap Shahi was commenting on the completion of six months of Akhilesh Yadav's government.Explaining why SP government was unable to withdraw support from UPA government, Bajpayi said that UP is reeling under debt of around Rs 2.22 lakh crore, while the government deficit is expected to reach to Rs 22,000 crore by 2013. In such a situation, to fulfil the promises they made to the voters, SP government had to ask for money from Centre, which gave a package of Rs 60,000 crore, he said and further claimed that in such a situation the Samajwadi Party is helpless and compelled to continue its support to the UPA government at the Centre.Further corroborating the difference between SP government's deeds and words, Bajpayi said that before coming to power, several SP leaders had claimed that Mayawati government was deeply involved in corruption and they would be exposed and punished accordingly. However, after six months nothing concrete has happened, he further told mediapersons. \"What difficulty is the state government facing in recommending a CBI probe against senior BSP leader Naseemuddin Siddiqui and his family members,\" asked the UP BJP chief.Similarly, why was prosecution sanction against senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla, whose name cropped up in the National Rural Health Mission scam, was not given, Bajpayi asked and added it was because of this CBI didn't file chargesheet against him and he was released on bail after 90 days. This clearly hints towards the involvement of SP government, Bajpayi claimed.He said SP government was also involved in corruption and the fact had been certified by none other than former chief minister Mayawati who had claimed that SP leaders were involved in taking money in corruption related issues of BSP government.\"This proves two things, one that corruption was prevalent during BSP government and secondly that claims of Mayawati might have some truth as she is an expert on such issues,\" Bajpayi said.Summing up, Bajpayi said that as compared to Mulayam-led 2002-07 government, there is not much difference in Akhilesh-led SP government this time. \"It is an old wine in a new bottle,\" Bajpayi said.About the BJP's future course of action, Bajpayi said that the national leadership has decided to call for Bharat Bandh on September 20 to protest against the Centre's nod to FDI in retail sector. On allowing only six subsidised LPG cylinders per year, Bajpayi said that the BJP has always expressed its opposition towards any such move, which could have a direct impact on the common man.Meanwhile, former UP CM Rajnath Singh in a statement on Saturday said, \"The UPA led by the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is fighting a losing battle for its survival. It seems that the government is unable to digest the PM's criticism in the foreign media, which dubbed him as a tragic figure. To restore his sagging image in the foreign press, the UPA government has suddenly taken this decision to allow FDI in multi brand retail without consulting other stakeholders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16421660", "title": "Indian racer shines in China", "text": "KOLKATA: Young Indian racer Parth Ghorpade completed a great weekend of racing at Round 4 of the 2012 Formula Pilota Championship at the Guangdong International Circuit in China on Sunday. Ghorpade won Race 1 and Race 3 and finished eighth in Race 2 over the weekend which put him third in the overall championship and first in the Asian category.Starting at P4, Ghorpade was able to make his way through to P1 at the end of the first lap. He crossed the first lap in the lead which he was able to control till the end of the 18-lap race. He came under pressure from Ren Nagabuchi in the middle half of the race, but was able to pull away in the last four laps to secure his maiden win in Formula Pilota on Saturday.After winning his first race, a delighted Ghorpade said: \"This is probably the biggest achievement in my international racing career and hope it is the first of many.\"He kept his word and won Race 3 on Sunday.Ghorpade qualified on pole for Race 3 and finished more than five seconds ahead of the second-placed driver. His storming drive saw him finish five seconds ahead of his teammates Antonio Giovinazzi and Sean Galeal, to make it another podium lockout for Team Eurasia. Along the way he set the fastest lap of 1:14:318secs too.There are six more races to go in the series this season.Eighteen-year-old Ghorpade is a five-time National Karting champion, runner-up in the inaugural 2010 Volkswagen Polo Cup India and recently competed in the Renault F4 series in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16415405", "title": "Many engineering colleges face closure", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Andhra Pradesh is credited with having the highest number of engineering colleges in the country. But more and more colleges across the state are facing the serious threat of closure signaling a major change in engineering education. With students preferring select few colleges, despite the increase in fees, several colleges across the state found no takers during the web counseling.Over 339 colleges of the total 677 are on the verge of closure. \"It is not possible to run a college without enrolment of at least 200 students,\" said M Seshagiri Rao, Bapatla Engineering College. Nearly 414 colleges have recorded less than 200 admissions in the convener quota. According to experts, about 50 of the above set of colleges could manage to run the show by getting another 50-75 admissions under the management quota, taking their total intake to around 225 students. However, over 350 colleges would face serious troubles as their enrollments are far below the minimum required strength. While about 99 colleges registered admission of less than 150 students, another 24 colleges got the nod of little around 100 students.Academic experts feel that the students have realised the need of quality institutes and opted only for the best colleges instead of local colleges.With recruitments into IT sector slowing down in the last two years, a considerable number of students chose mechanical and civil streams in the best colleges. \"It is a clear indication that students bet on the best colleges. 70% of the mechanical seats were filled up during the counseling. Civil engineering stream was opted by 67%. But software courses like ECE and CS were chosen by just 64% and 53% students,\" analysed K Srinivasa Reddy, principal of an engineering college.This trend, experts observe, would lead to a situation where only the top rated colleges would remain in the field. Most of the colleges that launched between 2008-10 failed to prove that they have the wherewithal to survive in the sector as the students kept themselves away from these institutes. Academicians believe that almost all the 339 colleges that have strength of below 150 or 100 would eventually close down in a year or two.While nearly 1.36 lakh students gave their options through web counseling, nearly 25,000 students enrolled themselves in the colleges that were at the bottom. Sources said that many of these students will later shift to better colleges leaving many colleges without even a single student by the time the second counseling concludes. Since the top colleges have some vacancies left in the first phase, the students would surely go for them making these colleges stronger.\"I strongly believe that only around 300 of the total 700 colleges in the state would survive after a couple of years,\" said former technical education minister and owner of an engineering college, Alapati Rajendraprasad. He said that although consolidation of colleges might pave way for higher fees in the coming years, he observed that it would benefit the students too as they would get quality education than just a degree. AP has about 3.4 lakh engineering seats in which 2.34 lakh are available in the convener quota. Curiously, only around 1.36 lakh seats under convener quota were filled up leaving nearly one lakh in convener quota and another one lakh in management quota seats left unfilled. Surprisingly, over 70,000 students did not choose engineering studies despite qualifying Eamcet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415471", "title": "Ex-NDA chief to be grilled in job scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI will question Lt Gen Jatinder Singh, former Commandant of the National Defence Academy, on September 17 in the recruitment scam.According to an investigation, Rs 3-5 lakh was allegedly paid in bribe for C-grade posts of as C-grade staff like cooks, gardeners, clerks etc at NDA while Lt Gen Singh was the commandant there. The total bribe amount came close to Rs 1.76 crore. The accused allegedly took signatures of the candidates, who agreed to pay the bribe, on blank sheets and later filled them with correct answers, the investigation said.The defence ministry granted the permission to quiz Singh after the CBI reportedly reportedly established a \"money link\", connecting Singh and his brother to the alleged scam. The CBI probe showed prime accused Col Kulbir Singh, also the staff officer to the Commandant, gave Rs 4 lakh in cash to Singh's brother during a meeting in a five-star hotel in Mumbai on June 23. After the CBI arrested six of NDA's employees, including Singh's staff officer, for allegedly taking bribe from candidates appearing for the subordinate jobs, Singh lieutenant general was earlier transferred out of NDA and attached to the Army Headquarters.Singh declined to comment when contacted by TOI.The CBI has already questioned Singh's brother who works in a leading corporate house. \"He told us Singh took Rs 4 lakh from him which was returned by Kulbir Singh. The money was for building a home in Ambala. It's odd that Singh should take money from a staff officer to repay his brother and that too, in a five-star hotel. Singh took the money from his brother in cheque and paid it back in cash,\" said an agency official.Singh will be asked to explain the source of funds for his under-construction 7,000 sq-ft bungalow in Ambala, worth over Rs 2 crore. The agency will ask Singh questions like his powers in approving and preventing any mischief in the recruitment process and action taken on complaints of malpractices in exams.According to the probe, bribes of Rs 3-5 lakh were allegedly paid for jobs as C-grade staff like cooks, gardners, clerks at NDA while Singh was the commandant there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16409417", "title": "Sanjay and Salman are original hunks of B\u2019wood: John", "text": "Actor John Abraham is followed by thousands of fitness enthusiasts across the nation who aspire to get a perfect bod like him, but this suave hunk believes that despite his fans bestowing the handsome hunk title on him, actors Salman Khan and Sanjay Dutt are, and always will be, the ultimate icons of fitness and body building in Bollywood.The actor said, \"Actors Salman Khan and Sanjay Dutt are the only trendsetters of body building in Bollywood. They are the original hunks. They brought thousands of youngsters to gyms and made them conscious of fitness.\" While the actor inspires thousands, who inspired him to take up body-building? \"I was inspired to work on my body after I saw Sylvester Stallone in Rocky 4. I saw that movie when I was in college and I was like, 'Oh my God what a built'. I believe that got me into body building,\" said the actor.Always wanted to produce films The actor who is quite busy these days juggling the twin roles of an actor and a producer said, \"I am enjoying my stints as an actor as well as a producer. I always wanted to produce films. Some actors like to make films and then act in them whereas I prefer getting in young actors to perform. Like Ayushmann and Yami in the movie Vicky Dono r. Those two youngsters just overwhelmed everyone with their amazing talent, especially Ayushmann. He is an immensely talented guy. People keep saying that we got the formula right for Vicky Donor, but I would like to say that everything is right if the movie becomes a hit. If things don't work out well, then people say the formula was wrong. I don't take all this very seriously, because perceptions keep changing with time.\"On his upcoming projects John said, \"I am working hard with Shoojit Sircar on a film titled Jaffna . It is in its initial stages right now, so I can't talk much about it. Next, I'll be playing the lead in Aditya Bhattacharya's Kaala Ghoda . Films like Race 2 and Shootout At Wadala are going on as well.\"Reliving my Dhoom days The shoot of Race 2 a nd Shootout At Wadala has got John all excited as through these two movies, he got to relive his Dhoom days. \"I am very excited about Shootout At Wadala as it might be a game changer for me. My hopes are pretty high with this one. As far as Race 2 is concerned, the character that I play is a lot similar to the one I played in Dhoom, as he is as stylish as Kabir from Dhoom. I feel like I'm reliving my Dhoom days.Don't cheat with your meals After all the talks about his movies, the actor shared some gyaan on how to keep healthy. Emphasising on the need for being loyal towards food, the actor said, \"Never cheat with your meal. Go and eat whatever you want to, but avoid too much oil and fat. I am a pescetarian (a vegetarian who eats fish) these days. I was a vegetarian for the last 14 years. I also include a lot of whey protein in my diet. People keep peeping into my platter when I have my meal to follow what I eat. But it's simple; there is no rocket science involved. Good food, good sleep and good exercise will surely lead you towards a healthy life and you will look good even in your old clothes. Follow this and you will see the change.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16420272", "title": "GM crops a solution for improving crop yield: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Genetically modified crops are an answer to improve crop yield and help maintain high food production, industry experts have said.\"In a country like India where resources are limited and the burden of the population is growing rapidly, a judicious use of plant biotechnology, after addressing the bio safety issues, can help farmers grow more food on the same amount of land,\" Centre for Agricultural Bioscience International ( CABI) Regional Director ( South Asia ) Ravi Khetrapal told PTI.By 2050, the world population is expected to be over nine billion. Plant biotechnology has helped with improved farming techniques and resistance to diseases and pests, that reduces pesticide applications and improves crop yields, he said. \"In the absence of higher yielding biotech crops, an additional 91 million hectares of farmland would have been required between 1996 and 2010 to maintain the global food production,\" Khetrapal added.Echoing the view , National Seeds Authority of India ( NSAI) executive director Raju Kapoor said with dwindling resources, it will be imperative for agriculture to become more water-efficient.\"Crops that cope with saline soils, nutrient-deficient soils and extreme temperatures and techniques, and new plant varieties that utilise low-fertility soil and grow under drought conditions will be crucial,\" he said, adding that plant biotechnology has the potential to accomplish many of the challenges faced by Indian agriculture today.In the last 16 years, a cumulative 3 billion acres (1.25 billion hectares) of land worldwide was used for biotech crop farming in 29 countries, T M Manjunath, a consultant in agri-biotechnology and integrated pest management, said. In 2011 alone, 16.7 million farmers worldwide planted biotech crops on 160 million hectares, he said.Bt-cotton in India has undergone all the prescribed bio safety tests for over six years before it was approved by the regulatory authorities as safe for commercial cultivation in March 2002, he said.Although there have been speculative allegations, experts have not found any conclusive evidence to demonstrate any negative impact of biotech crops on humans, animals and environment, he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "16417025", "title": "Target US diplomats: Qaida to Muslims", "text": "DUBAI: The Yemen-based branch of al-Qaida urged Muslims to step up protests and kill more US diplomats in Muslim countries after a US-made film mocking Prophet Muhammad which it said was another chapter in the 'crusader wars' against Islam.\"Whoever comes across US's ambassadors or emissaries should follow the example of Omar al-Mukhtar's descendants (Libyans), who killed the US ambassador,\" the group said, referring to Tuesday's attack on the US consulate in Benghazi , Libya.\"Let the step of kicking out the embassies be a step towards liberating Muslim countries from the American hegemony,\" the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) said on its website on Saturday.Fury over the film swept across the Middle East after Friday prayers, with protesters attacking US embassies. The attacks killed at least seven people and prompted Washington to send troops to bolster security at its missions.\"The film which insults our Prophet, peace be upon him, comes as part of the continuing crusader wars against Islam,\" AQAP's said, referring to European wars some 1,000 years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16416966", "title": "A porn filmmaker directed 'hate movie'", "text": "WASHINGTON: The poignant pain and limitations of the US government contrasted sharply with the excess and rowdy response of private enterprise as Washington tried on Friday to douse the conflagration in the Islamic world caused by a movie denigrating the Prophet Muhammed. More than a score of largely Muslim countries burned with anti-American anger even as US President Barack Obama and secretary of state Hillary Clinton received in a solemn, teary-eyed ceremony the bodies of four US personnel who were killed in Libya's Benghazi by violent mobs, in reaction to the anti-Islam film.They spoke words of support and reassurance to the family of the victims, promised retribution against the killers, and tried to convey to the perpetrators of violence that the government had no role in the film. But, much as they found the film sick and reprehensible, the right to free expression enshrined in the US constitution left the government powerless to restrain, much less prosecute, the purveyors of excess.In fact, the poignant government ceremony at Andrews Air Force Base where the bodies of the four slain Americans was brought in was underscored by private eye prurience when it emerged that the man who directed the provocative anti-Islam movie is a soft-porn film maker. He has such arresting titles as \"The Happy Hooker Goes Hollywood\" and \"Young Lady Chatterly\" to his credit.Alan Roberts, the 65-year old director, was brought on board by producer 'Sam Bacile' aka Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, and he muddled his way through a disorganized three-month shoot to make the film, according to the website gawker.com. His associates said Roberts was \"non-political\" and did not have any apparent anti-Islam feelings. He may have been duped by the producer in the same way as the rest of the cast and crew who thought they were in a period movie called 'Desert Warrior'. Nakoula apparently changed the name of the movie and that of its characters - replacing 'George' in the movie with 'Muhammed' in one instance - and redubbed dialogues to ridicule Islam and its Prophet.But while the director and actors could potentially sue the producer for breach of faith, there is little that the government itself can do.In fact, Google, which owns You Tube, rejected a White House request on Friday to reconsider its decision to keep online the controversial movie clip, although it restricted its access in countries like India and Indonesia to comply with local laws. Google said the film clip was well within its guidelines in the US.US authorities though were examining if 'Bacile', who has previous convictions for bank fraud, has violated the terms of his prison release.He was \"taken in voluntarily\" to speak with police in Los Angeles , where he has been in hiding since the violence broke out over his film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16417201", "title": "Air India gift to Bangalore flyers for Ganesha fest", "text": "BANGALORE: Air India (AI) will fly its brand new Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft into Bangalore on September 19, the day when the city will be celebrating Ganesha Chaturthi. Air India will be the first airline to land and take-off the Dreamliner from Bangalore. Incidentally, the carrier was also the first airline to land and take-off from Bengaluru International Airport (BIA), when it opened in 2009.AI's evening flight from Delhi AI 403 on September 19 will be operated by the 256-seater Dreamliner and will touch down at 7.10pm at BIA. The same aircraft will depart from Bangalore to Delhi as AI 404 at 8.10pm.\"The 787 will allow Air India to open new routes in a dynamic marketplace and provide the best in-flight experience for our passengers,\" said, Rohit Nandan, CMD, Air India, which is the fifth airline in the world to take delivery of a 787 Dreamliner. The aircraft has the range and capability to allow AI to deploy them on many routes, including to the Middle East, Europe, Asia and Australia.Air India has placed orders for 27 Dreamliners, which it will induct into its fleet over the next couple of years. By the end of this year, the airline will have five Dreamliners in its fleet.\"I am sure Air India and their customers will be thrilled to experience the revolutionary features on the 787, an airplane that will be the key focus of the airline's turnaround plan,\" said Dinesh Keskar, senior vice-president of Asia Pacific and India sales for Boeing commercial airplanes. Air India's first 787 Dreamliner was assembled in Everett, Wash, and delivered on September 6 from Boeing's South Carolina delivery centre. With this latest acquisition, the number of aircraft in Air India's fleet will go up to 122.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16416233", "title": "Two nabbed for booze sale", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vejalpur police raided a residence in Sankalitnagar and rounded up a father-son duo with stock of IMFL worth Rs 27,000. Police have started search for the suppliers.According to Vejalpur police officials, a team of surveillance squad got information about Shermohammed Pathan alias Sheru, a resident of B Ward of Sanklaitnagar, who has been involved in prohibition cases earlier. A team raided his residence on Friday night and found stock of various brands of IMFL and beer. Police arrested Pathan, 43, and his son Ejaz, 20, for ferrying liquor. Investigators said that the duo used to supply liquor to eastern city parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16414985", "title": "Naxals no longer feel safe in Nagpur, say intelligence agencies", "text": "NAGPUR: A section of the security and intelligence agencies feel the Naxal operatives and their supporters have begun avoiding city as a hideout and venue of meetings. The heightened awareness and alertness of the different security agencies seems to be behind the sudden fall of preference for this city among the rebel ranks.While Vidarbha continued to remain a preferred destination of Madhya Pradesh-based Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives who feel this region is safer as a hideout with MP police having adopted an aggressive strategy against them, sources claimed Naxal activists now fear getting caught here. The sources in agencies also said that several red rebels had revealed during custodial interrogation that they no longer felt Nagpur was no longer safe. Because of its central position, Nagpur was once a favourite destination for the rebels who would use this city as transport hub and also for other facilities like hospitals and a section of sympathetic population to find potential support base.In Nagpur, Naxals had managed to trigger a major pro-dalit and anti-state demonstration during Khairlanji agitations in 2006. That also gave a wake up call to the security and intelligence agencies who started vigorous vigilance exercises. \"The underground cadres mostly have shifted to places like Kolhapur and Sholapur in western Maharashtra where the security agencies do not have deep knowledge about their movement. The rebel guerrillas are using Wardha also as stop-over point before going to places like Gadchiroli and Chandrapur,\" said a senior official. The official felt western Maharashtra had become their latest destination for rehabilitation and recuperation.Naxals cadres are taking up small jobs in suburban localities in places where there is not much awareness about the movement. \"In Vidarbha, intelligence agencies are well-equipped with the knowledge of the cadres. At least, names and aliases of most cadres are known. We also have photos of some of them,\" said an official. \"In western Maharashra, the security and intelligence personnel are more focused about terrorists than Naxals and so the rebel cadres feel safer there,\" he said. The officer also suggested that different intelligence agencies should be merged to form a unified anti-Naxal and anti-terrorist unit under a single command for more focused action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16416877", "title": "1 month after Raj Thackeray visit, key development plans still frozen", "text": "NASHIK: A month after Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray visited the city development plans still remain at a standstill even as a team of MNS experts from Mumbai visited the city a week ago.On August 18, Raj Thackeray was in the city to discuss various projects with party workers and officials of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). He also sent a team of experts from the party to study development projects in the city offering suggestions over the same.He had said that the reservation of land would be dealt with on a priority basis and had asked for a detailed report over the issue within two days. But a month later the concerned departments and officials do not have a comprehensive list of all the plots of land to be reserved saying that it is still in the process of being compiled.The team of experts visited various locations in the city including Phalke Smarak, the compost plant, Ramkund, Goda Ghat, Pelican Park and Kusumagraj Udyan on September 6. \"They have just visited the important locations and will be submitting their observations and suggestions. But we cannot say when these will be submitted,\" said MNS city chief Sujata Dere.MNS MLA Vasant Gite said that they have sent all maps with details on various existing and proposed plans to the team in Mumbai. \"They will have to study these plans and then decide the plan of action. It will take some time,\" he said.Officials at the NMC said that they had not been given any feedback as yet by the team.MNS chief Raj Thackeray had visited Nashik on August 18 and had discussed development plans including the land reservation issue. The latter was to be dealt with on a priority basis following a detailed list of reserved plots. One month later, officials still do not have the list ready", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16415567", "title": "Man held for sneaking mobile phones into Bharatpur jail", "text": "ALWAR: The police on Saturday arrested a man on charges of sneaking mobiles phones into Bharatpur jail while supplying spices and other grocery items. He was caught on Friday when a mobile phone hidden in a bag of groceries started ringing while the items were being screened through security check at the jail. Police said that a case could not be registered on Friday as the entire force was busy with security arrangements at Gopalgarh on the first anniversary of the communal violence there.According to the police, one Manoj Kumar , who had been supplying grocery items to the jail for the past few years, was behind the incident.\"Manoj had come himself on Friday with bags of grocery items. While the bags were being carried into the jail, a phone started ringing. It startled the security guards and they asked Manoj to empty the bags,\" said a police officer.The officer said the guards were shocked to find five mobile phones hidden in the bags. \"The cellphones were operational as SIM cards were inserted in them. Five mobile chargers were also seized,\" said the officer.He added that though Manoj was taken into custody on Friday, he could not be booked officially.\"He was handed over to us and arrested on Saturday. His contract for supplying grocery items has been cancelled. We are interrogating him to ascertain the identity of the prisoners who were to buy these cell phones from Manoj. The connivance of some jail staff is also not being ruled out,\" said the officer.The officer added that it seems the contractor had supplied the cell phones in the past too.\"It was sheer accident that he was caught. If the cell phone had not started ringing suddenly, he could have gone undetected this time also,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415710", "title": "Smart casuals flood Turf Club fashion", "text": "PUNE: 'Smart casuals' is the latest fashion code at the turf club. Racing enthusiasts, especially from the member's enclosure, now slip into the more casual realm of fashion, sporting jeans, tees and blazers instead of full suits and Edwardian hats at the races.Chetan Wakalkar, a horse owner and race enthusiast, who has been attending races for almost 20 years, feels that a casual dress code at races will attract more spectators.\"Horse racing is referred to as the 'king of sports'. The club, over the years, has endeavored to make the sport popular among many, who perhaps are not that comfortable with a very stringent dress code. However, there are certain areas in the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC) which still abide by a dress code, such as the members' enclosure and paddock here,\" said Wakalkar.Nowadays, more casual apparel -- right from jeans and T-shirts to shirts and trousers are seen at the club. \"The fade out of the stringent dress code has taken close to five years. One could notice the gradual change in the way people dressed at the races. The temperature is soaring, with excruciating summers and 'not-so-cold' winters. In such a scenario, people want to be comfortable and cool,\" said Wakalkar.Wakalkar added that there are special days at the club when many don formal wear. \"The glamour quotient goes up considerably during these days. Races such as the Independence Day Trophy, the Nanoli Derby, the S A Poonawalla Multi-Million and the like witness many in their trademark formals, complete with sunny dresses and hats,\" he said.Wakalkar himself has traversed from wearing full suits to jeans and designer blazers at the race cource. \"The under-40 generation is dressing more chic than formal,\" he said.Vivek Jain, chairman, RWITC, said, \"The dressing style of racing enthusiasts, especially from the members' enclosure is a bit more casual now. People are not so keen to dress formally during noon, when the weather is considerably hot. Important areas, such as the paddock, retain the old dress code. But we feel smart casual wear in general areas has encouraged higher attendance.\"Jain added that it is sometimes difficult to enforce a dress code at the Pune race course, as paths of the members of the first enclosure co-mingle with those of others.Nivedita Saboo, a fashion designer from Pune, said the dress code at Pune races has shifted more towards being 'chic'. \"It has become more casual, especially for men. The whole culture of being in suits and ties has changed to sporting a more casual but upbeat and fashion savvy look. Women are still dressing up very well for the races. Instead of wearing fitted dresses or gowns, the attention has shifted towards 'afternoon chic' -- loose shirts with linen capris, short dresses teamed with hats and even skirts with interesting blouson tops,\" said Saboo.Saboo said women coming clad in saris has also been a fading trend. \"A lot of women used to wear printed, chiffon saris reminiscent of the Jaipur Polo season in the past. This, too, seems to have lessened, as people prefer easy-to-maintain and easy-to-wear clothes these days. However, accessories, such as neck pieces, sun glasses, bags and shoes, have gained importance, while outfits have become simpler, cleaner and classier at the Pune races,\" she said.Dentist Tarvin Kaur, who has been going to the races since the past eight years, said women at the races in Pune are sporting more cotton dresses. \"At a recent racing event I went to, I did not see anybody wearing those Victorian hats with soft trims, dyed plumes and special netting. For men, it was jeans to a great extent. I would wear hats before, but have not been wearing them off late, as not many wear them to the Pune races. However, I do sport dresses and heals, designer bags and pearls, even these days,\" she said.However, members and their guests are requested by the RWITC management to ensure that they are dressed in consonance with the decorum and ambience of the members' enclosure here. Bermudas, shorts and vests are not allowed inside the members' area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16415688", "title": "CM reviews preparations for Buddhist University at Sanchi", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan reviewed the preparations for the function to lay foundation for the Buddhist and Indian Knowledge Studies University at Sanchi on Saturday. Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksha, the Bhutanese Prime Minister Lyonchen Jigme Yoser Thinley and Buddhist monks from across the globe are expected to attend the function.Higher education and culture minister Laxmikant Sharma, chief secretary R Parasuram, additional chief secretary IS Dani and director general of police (DGP) Nandan Dube and other officers were present while the CM reviewed the preparations.Chief Minister Chouhan said that Sanchi Buddhist University will be a unique and novel centre of education. He stressed the need to accelerate the pace of completion of formalities and construction work by fixing a time limit. He also directed to appoint officers on special duty for various university-related works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16417301", "title": "Man hangs himself from high-tension power tower", "text": "BANGALORE: A 24-year-old man, married two months ago, allegedly clambered on to a high-tension power transmission tower and hanged himself on Saturday morning.Police identified him as Goutham Charan Jena, a native of Odisha and a security guard with a private firm in Kaji Sondenahalli, near Whitefield. \"We met him before he left for work around 7.30am for the first shift. Then some villagers came and told us a man was hanging from one of the transmission towers far above the ground,\" said one of his relatives.Police said Goutham had climbed 100 feet up the tower and used a nylon rope to end his life. Nobody noticed him climbing the tower, police said.He left a suicide note written in Odiya, stating that he was committing suicide as he was dejected in life. One of his relatives said Goutham had returned from Odisha a month ago. \"He got married about two months ago, and spent more than a fortnight there before he returned to the city,\" they said. The body was taken to Vaidehi Hospital for postmortem.Rowdy hacked to death: A rowdy who was running a real estate business in Tavarekere, was hacked to death by a rival gang in Udaya Layout, near Tavarekere, in Ramanagaram district on Saturday afternoon.Karthik, 29, was involved in a murder case in Byatarayanapura police limits in the city. A group of men walked into his office around 1.30pm. They asked to see a piece of land put up for sale. He accompanied them to the site, where the gang attacked him with choppers, killing him on the spot. Police suspect the hand of a rival gang in the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16416796", "title": "Kanpur gets submerged in rainwater", "text": "KANPUR: Lanes, road and streets in the city were overflowing following incessant rains held here in the past two days. The flooded roads lead to traffic chaos and power-cuts, which added to the woes of the denizens.The heavy rains disturbed the normal life, especially in the southern parts of the city. Areas like Saket Nagar, Barra, Juhi, Yashoda Nagar, Shyam Nagar to name a few wore pond like look.The people were forced to walk bare foot. Those commuted through vehicles in these lanes remain stranded.The kids had a worse time who were witnessed pushing their rickshaws in the flooded lanes. Those who were coming by bus or autos were forced to spend hours in long traffic snarls due to waterlogging and potholed roads.The road side vendors had a tough time, as their costly stuff got wet and washed away in rain.The posh localities like Ashok Nagar, Civil Lines too witnessed heavy water logging and serpentine jams following the same.Due to continuous rain there was no electricity in areas like Yashoda Nagar, Saket Nagar, Shyam Nagar, Shivkatra, Lal Bangla during the night hours.Hospital entrances flooded: The rains gave hardships to the patients in the district hospitals. The main doors of Upper India Sugar Exchange Jaccha-Baccha hospital, Lala Lajpat Rai emergency, OPD and Ursala Horseman Hospital were flooded with rainwater.The expected patients who came to Jaccha Baccha hospital were seen saving themselves from slipping in the flooded entrance of the hospital. As per reports, many patients and their attendants fell inside hospital as there were no workers to wipe the floors. The authorities of the hospital remained tight lipped on the issue.Similar was the scene at LLR OPD and emergency where people were forced to commute with folded pants. The kins were witnessed taking their patients on rickshaws or hire stretchers as there was no place to walk for the patients.Worse hit were the patients at Ursala Horseman hospital, as here the water entered inside the wards. The patients were forced to keep candles and torches with them during night hours. Waterlogging was witnessed in the sub-way of Kanpur Central railway station as well.The passengers found it extremely tough to commute through the sub-way. They had to wade through the stagnated water to reach their respective platforms.The most affected were the passengers who were unable to climb the staircases and had to walk through the tunnel route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16420199", "title": "Trend spotting", "text": "Printed skinniesThat popular off-duty staple of working women as well as A-list stars \u2014 a pair of skinny pants \u2014 has undergone a creative makeover. Whether they come in denim, cotton, linen or lycra, all-over print skinnies are a craze you can't afford to miss out on.  Origins: The discos of the 1970s.Comeback in: Early 2011 with bright and bold patterns in the Spring collections of Alexander Wang and New York-based Indian designer Bibhu Mohapatra .Evolved into: A subtler colour palette and sophisticated prints.Spotted on: Actresses Deepika Padukone , Soniya Mehra and Isha Sharvani , rock singer Gwen Stefani and American supermodel Elle Macpherson .What we love: Their versatility \u2014 tie-and-dye, floral, splattered, in neon tribal styles, wear them all.How to sport it: Treat them just as you would a pair of skinny jeans. The key to pulling off this trend is by wearing a neutral, simple top with your bottoms. In the day, play off a classic pair with an open knit sweater. Run errands in feminine laceprint jeans worn with a military-inspired racerback ganji. Go out in bold printed pants with a plain tee and satchel. At work, team a tailored blazer and pumps with delicate floral pants.What not to do: Don't overshadow them with too many accessories. Allow the prints and the colours to pop. At the most, incorporate one colourful accessory such as a shoe, statement boots, a skinny belt or a bright bag. If you must clash patterns, try a subdued polkadot buttondown shirt or blouse. Comics &amp; cartoons.Graphic novels, comic books and cartoons (think The Dark Knight Rises, Christopher Nolan's upcoming Superman remake Man of Steel and Madagascar 3) aren't just taking over the spotlight in pop culture. They are back with a bang in fashion through funky, comic-inspired clothing and accessories that could make superheroes swoon.Origins: Disney characters were the first to pop up on merchandise in the 1930s, starting with Mickey Mouse and his \"friends\" (Minnie, Donald Duck and Goofy).Comeback in: The summer of 2012 with a cartoon-inspired line by designers Little Shilpa and Nitin Bal Chauhan at Lakme Fashion Week Spring/Summer.Evolved into: A revival in animated characters and vintage computer game icons, ranging from Pac-man motifs and jewellery by Yogesh Chaudhary to doodles on jackets in Aarti Vijay Gupta's Winter line. Spurred on by the New Rave music movement in the UK, with bands such as the Klaxons, this playful trend also features character accessories in plastics and Perspex.Spotted on: Television presenter Mandira Bedi and Bollywood actress Neha Dhupia who swear by Masaba Gupta's camera and cow print sarees.What we love: That we can relive animated bliss through grown-up pop art fashion that packs a punch.How to sport it: This look should be dressed and styled with detail as the secret lies in having one accent piece. Pick fun accessories like brooches and necklaces.What not to do: Avoid overdoing it. If you're opting for an all-over print, avoid something that's big as well as busy; you don't want to look like a cartoon yourself!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16422040", "title": "PMO uses Twitter to highlight benefits due to reforms in last decade", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the government facing attack over pushing FDI in multi-brand retail, the Prime Minister's Office on Sunday highlighted the benefits accrued to people because of reforms over last ten years in various aspects of life.\"More than 77 million households were connected to banking services in a decade. More than 34 million households acquired concrete roofs over their heads. More than 60 million households got new electricity connections just in a decade,\" the PMO said on micro-blogging site Twitter.It also tweeted that more than 37 million households obtained liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) and piped natural gas (PNG) connections in 10 years.\"Telephony reached 137 million houses in 10 years, the second fastest growth in the world,\" the PMO said.The tweets come in the backdrop of the uproar over the government's decision to allow 51 per cent FDI in multi-brand retail besides other areas like aviation and broadcasting sector.Not only the opposition parties but also UPA constituent Trinamool Congress and allies Samajwadi Party and BSP have opposed the government moves.The Prime Minister had on Saturday said it will take \"courage and some risks\" to break the policy logjam and strongly favoured higher FDI an FII flows cautioning that growth could slip if adequate actions were not taken.In his opening remarks at the full Planning Commission meeting for approving the 12th Plan document, the Prime Minister spoke of three economic scenarios of \"strong inclusive growth\", \"insufficient action\" and \"policy logjam\".Singh had said, \"I believe we can make Scenario I (which envisages growth rate of 8.2 per cent) possible. It will take courage and some risks but it should be our endeavour to ensure that it materialises. The country deserves no less.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16416288", "title": "Man hacks wife to death in Ghatlodia", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man in Ghatlodia on Thursday evening hacked his wife who succumbed to injuries on Friday night. Following this, police converted the case from attempted murder to murder on Saturday.Sola police officials said Balaji Solanki, 52, a resident of Rajubhai ni Chali near Jantanagar crossing, had attacked his wife Savita, 50, with an axe following an altercation with her. Police registered a case against Balaji on the complaint of his son Dipak after Savita was rushed to Civil Hospital in a seriously injured condition. Balaji is still at large.In his complaint, Dipak said that his mother would often pick up fights with Balaji over his drinking habit and idleness. Balaji used to work as a labourer, but was lying jobless for the past two months. He would ask for money from Savita and spend it on liquor, which was the main bone of contention between the couple.\"On the fateful Thursday evening, when the couple fought again, Balaji brandished an axe to scare Savita and later when the altercation escalated dealt her blows on her head and shoulder. The accused absconded after the crime, while the victim was rushed to the hospital,\" said a Sola police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16416166", "title": "Support starts to pour in", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Support has started pouring in for autorickshaw driver Rama Makvana who is a Gulbai Tekra slum dweller and has been picked up by the Indian team for the 10th Homeless Soccer World Cup to be held in Mexico City from October 6 to 14.The founders of Saamarthya Foundation - Jamshed Chinoy and Pratap Barolia - who set up their NGO in 2008, informed TOI that a Good Samaritan has come forward and donated Rs 10,000 for the cause.An avid footballer Aaditya, XI commerce class student, recently received a gift voucher of Rs 3,000 from a sports event and has donated that amount to Rama.\"I was moved by the story of this man's struggle. I told my father that I wanted to donate my gift voucher amount to Rama. Since it was a small amount, my father added the rest,\" Aaditya said after handing over the cheque to Saamarthya Foundation on Saturday.Unable to hide his happiness, Jamshed told TOI that he was very impressed with the youngster's generous step. \"This is an encouraging sign not only for Rama but also for the game. Recent development of football in this city has made everyone sit up and take notice. That's why we have managed to generate funds for the under-privileged,\" Jamshed said.\"After reading about Rama's plight, two people have made inquiries with me. I will be meeting them in a day or two and am hopeful of a healthy donation from them,\" co-founder Pratap said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16420604", "title": "Prince William vows to jail people behind Kate\u2019s topless pics", "text": "Prince William has vowed that he will get the people responsible for Duchess Kate's topless photographs behind bars.The 30-year-old prince told his confidantes that he is willing to give evidence in court to help seek justice for the Duchess of Cambridge.According to the Mirror, William will not just pursue Closer magazine in the French civil courts but will also pursue criminal action, Radar Online reported.\"I want them jailed,\" William told his friends.A spokeman for William said that the royal couple will take any action they can within the law to seek redress.\"They've been clear that they will not allow this to intrude on their enjoyment of the tour, or more importantly their work on behalf of the Queen .\"The couple always felt very strongly about privacy and harassment. It's part of a very long-standing and heartfelt position by the Duke and Prince Harry , given their past, to do everything they can to protect themselves,\" the spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16415903", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi festival: HJS immerses idols found by roadside", "text": "MARGAO: The Hindu Janajagruti Samiti (HJS) carried out a procession on Saturday and immersed a collection of Lord Ganesha idols, that had been found by the roadside earlier this year in April, into the River Sal at Navelim in the run-up to Chaturthi.On April 1, the Margao town police had lodged a complaint against unknown persons under Section 295 of the IPC and seized 22 Ganesh idols, out of which some were in a broken condition.\"On April 4, HJS wrote to the Margao police and asked permission to immerse the clay idols of Lord Ganesha according to Hindu religious and traditional rituals,\" said Manoj Solanki, the samiti's state convenor.On the instructions from the police, HJS approached the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC), who in an order passed on September 12, released the Ganesh idols seized by the Margao town police to HJS.\"The HJS in its application stated that once the idols are damaged, it is denigration of the deity.Once the idols are damaged there is no active God principle in the idols and according to the spiritual science they have to be immediately immersed,\" said Solanki, while stating that any delay would have amounted to hurting of religious sentiments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16415389", "title": "Farmers' wait for aid package continues", "text": "YAVATMAL: Farmers in the district are a frustrated lot as the district administration has failed to release package funds to them. Sources say district collector Ashwin Mudgal has been inundated with meetings, reviews and other engagements, due to which other pressing matters have been put on the backburner.\"Unless the collector settles down in his office for a few days, how can he resolve the problems of the people coming to him from the far flung villages,\" asked Vivek Deshmukh, a farm activist who came from the distant Zari tehsil for dues regarding the special package for cotton and soyabean farmers announced by the government a year ago.The people are also hard hit by flash flood during July 21 and 23. It not only destroyed their standing crops and washed away the fertile top layer of the farm soil but also rendered 1,904 families homeless. A total of 6,261 others suffered partial damages to their dwelling places.An ex gratia of Rs 1000 each was distributed to 4,643 families and survey of other damages was claimed to be carried out by the B &amp; C Engineers. Most surveys were done on a random sample.When the affected people made a hue and cry over the flaws of the survey before guardian minister Nitin Raut during his spot visit, he ordered the district collector to re-conduct the survey.When deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar was in the city on September 6 and 7, people again raised the issue and Pawar himself has ordered the collector to go for a resurvey of damages caused by the flood.Pawar had also admitted that cotton growers are yet to be paid a sum of Rs 24.77 crore from the special package announced by the state govt a year ago and assured that they would be paid the dues in 2-3 days time. However, nothing has materialized so far.District collector Ashwin Mudgal confirmed that he has been to Mumbai to expedite allotment of funds which would be made available shortly.However, cotton farmers are now up in arms against the district administration. Farm activist Vivek Deshmukh said that they have already launched an agitation of cotton farmers from Ralegaon tehsil from Friday and it would be extended to other tehsils also from Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419731", "title": "Mumbai film fest to showcase noted international movies", "text": "The 14th edition of the Mumbai Film Festival, an initiative by MAMI, which will run from 18th- 25th October, 2012 at NCPA and Inox, includes movies by some of the most rewarded directors from all over the world which will only enhance the cinematic experience this year.There has been considerable buzz about the films that will be showcased at the much anticipated 14th Mumbai Film Festival. Out of the many films that will be screened, some of the noted movies that will be shown are: On the Road of Walter Salles , the provocative story of Sal Paradise, a young writer whose life is shaken and ultimately redefined by the arrival of Dean Moriarty, a free-spirited, fearless, fast talking Westerner, and his girl, Marylou. Rust and Bone by Jacques Audiard a story about Ali who finds himself with a five year-old child on his hands. Sam is his son, but he hardly knows him. Homeless, penniless and friendless, Ali takes refuge with his sister in Antibes where things improve immediately. ?Pablo Berger's Blancanieves (Snow White), a stunning gothic melodrama by the populartake by the Grimm Brothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16419266", "title": "Check at bend costs Hills And Stars dearly", "text": "MUMBAI: Bangalore challenger Spearhead, who was friendless in the betting ring as his odds of 20/1 suggests, landed a big surprise in the Idar Gold Trophy, a grade III event and main attraction of the Saturday afternoon at the Pune Race Course.The Vijay Mallya-owned six-year-old out-stayed his four rivals over a 2400 metres trip in a start to finish attempt. Favourite Hills And Stars and second in demand Macchupicchu finished third and fifth respectively.As the gates opened, Spearhead jumped to lead, closely followed by Macchupicchu, Hills And Stars, Ocean And Beyond and Native Knight.They ran in more or less single file till near the final bend. Hills And Stars appeared to be bunched up between Native Knight and Ocean And Beyond.Native Knight and Hills And Stars failed to catch Spearhead with late bursts.What went wrong for last year's Pune Derby winner Hills And Stars who was termed as near certainty? \"She was squeezed up by the Ocean And Beyond when she tried to make her move at the final bend,\" observed her trainer S Padmanabhan, one of the leading trainers in the country. \"And by the time jockey A Sandesh switched her to outside for a clear run, it was too late,\" added Padmanabhan.Among professionals, trainer Hormuz Antia and jockeys Imran Chisty and Akshay Sunderam landed a double each. It was a bad day for punters as only four favourites obliged in a card of ten events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16420668", "title": "South-west monsoon weak in 24 out of 30 districts in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in one district; fairly widespread in three districts; scattered in five districts; isolated in 14 districts; and negligible in seven districts in Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. South-west monsoon was normal in six districts; and weak in remaining 24 districts. Moderate rain was reported in 13 districts, light rain in 10 districts, very light rain in six districts; and no rain in one district.Rainfall over Karnataka in above 24-hours is considered as isolated since 18% of the hoblis and gram panchayaths recorded rainfall of greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Kirgavalu in Malavalli taluk of Mandya district recorded maximum rainfall of 25.5mmin the state in the above period. Widespread, moderate rain was received in Udupi district; fairly widespread, moderate rain in Uttara Kannada, Kodagu and Dakshina Kannada districts.Scattered, light to moderate rain was received in Shimoga, Chamarajanagar, Chikmagalur, Bangalore Urban and Ramanagara districts; isolated, light to moderate rain in Chikkaballapur, Gulbarga, Hassan, Mysore, Belgaum, Kolar, Mandya, Davanagere, Bellary, Haveri, Bijapur, Tumkur, Bidar and Bangalore Rural districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state, Bangalore based KSNDMC stated.Karnataka for the period June 1 to September 16 has recorded deficit rainfall of 22%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 744mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 584mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on September 16, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 1.6mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 5.1mm, a deficit of 69%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16417188", "title": "Gender and legal studies centre to be inaugurated today", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Centre for Gender and Legal Studies, being set up by the All India Democratic Women's Association (AIDWA), will be inaugurated here on Sunday. AIDWA national general secretary Sudha Sunder Raman will inaugurate the centre, which is being set up in memory of late communist leader Susheela Gopalan.Centre president K K Shailaja, T N Seema, P K Sainaba, P Sathi Devi and advocate E K Narayanan will attend the programme. Malayalam novelist P Valsala will speak on 'Moral goondaism in Kerala'.All India Democratic Women's Association national general secretary Sudha Sunder Raman will inaugurate the Centre for Gender and Legal Studies, which is being set up by AIDWA in memory of Susheela Gopalan, here on September 16.P Valsala will speak \"Moral goondaism in Kerala. Centre president K K Shailaja, Dr. T N Seema, P K Sainaba, P Sathi Devi and Adv. E K Narayanan will attend the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416649", "title": "Western command holds 65th raising day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To commemorate the 65th Raising Day of headquarters western command on Saturday, a number of events were organized at Chandimandir military station. The occasion coincided with the two-day Western Army Commanders' Conclave held at Headquarters Western Command. Floral tributes were paid at the Veer Smriti by Army commander, Western Command, Lieutenant General Sanjiv Chachra and eight former commanders of Western Command, including Governor of Arunachal Pradesh, General J J Singh and former governor of J&K; and Assam Lieutenant General S K Sinha. As a part of the celebrations, the former Army commanders planted saplings at Jadunath Sainik Institute and joined all ranks and their families over tea. An interaction with the retired officers and their families was organized at Khetarpal Officers' Institute at Chandimandir, later in the evening. Western Command has a glorious history of valour and dedication and has played a stellar role in preserving the territorial integrity of the nation. It was instrumental in effectively blunting the Pakistani aggression in 1947, 1965 and 1971. Its troops, formations and units have always distinguished themselves, winning a large number of gallantry awards, including 11 Param Vir Chakras. Spokesperson of western command said the sentinels of the sunset today are responsible for the defence of parts of J&K; and Punjab besides maintaining vigil in the Himachal Pradesh sector of the border with China. Its administrative jurisdiction sees it interacting with five states and the Union Territory of Chandigarh. Western Command has taken up a large number of issues with the states for the betterment of the serving and ex-servicemen community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16417541", "title": "Experts swear by the sustainable mantra", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is no getting away from development. But unless it is sustainable, the future of our planet is bleak. The point was driven home by speaker after speaker at the fourth edition of the Earth Care Awards.Environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan upheld India's position in the global climate talks, saying the country needed its space for development . At the same time, it would ensure that this did not come at a cost to the environment. \"India has made an extremely responsible choice that we will not exceed the per capita emissions of any developed country,\" she said. \"Our (per capita) emissions are among the lowest in the world and therefore at an international level we are strong on our commitment. We need space for our industries to develop , our people to grow but we also need the technology and intervention to switch over to green energy ,\" she added.Sangita Jindal, chairperson, JWS Foundation, pointed out that climate change places a greater burden on women, especially those from Third-World countries. \"They are the primary food suppliers, foraging and cooking for their families. Many rural women are succumbing to changing irrigation patterns, and diminishing water and fuel resources. Our challenge is to engage with the government , corporates and NGOs to provide relief to them,\" she said. Needless to say, no nation can meet the challenge of climate change alone. Everyone has to pitch in, including big business. Winner Vithal Kamat, owner of Orchid Ecotels, put it best: \"Small steps, big difference: something as simple as doing away with cut flowers.\"Niranjan Khatri, general manager Welcomenviron Initiatives of the ITC Group, said the company has actively pursued a green programme. About 39% of its energy is generated through renewable means. \"ITC Hotels are the world's first chain to have reduced our resource intensity. We also use solar energy for steam and kitchen needs. Our plans for sustainability are in line with the Prime Minister's national action plans on climate change.\"Arunabh Das Sharma, BCCL president, joined the debate, pointing out that the cumulative effects of prolonged environmental abuse are now coming together, making it tough to tackle the problem of climate change. Nonetheless, \"it's a man-made situation and hence only man can solve it\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16415586", "title": "Left in lurch, Pakistani Hindus plan rally in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: The Pakistani Hindu migrants, who landed in Jodhpur recently on account of persecution there, are planning to take out a rally from Rajiv Gandhi Square to the Circuit House on Sunday to meet chief minister Ashok Gehlot , who is on a two-days' visit to the town. These migrants are disappointed over the dilly-dallying of the administration in rehabilitating them.Some of them have already met Gehlot on Monday at Jodhpur airport, where he assured them of every assistance they required.A total of 171 Pakistani Hindus had arrived in Jodhpur last Sunday, making it difficult for Seeman Lok Sangathan (SLS), an NGO working for the migrants, to accommodate them. They were temporarily accommodated in a temple, expecting the administration to help them find a suitable place to settle down. \"But till today, we have not yet been provided with any such location,\" said H S Sodha, president of SLS.Two days back, they also had to vacate the temple and now they have been accommodated by the SLS under a tent in an open field.\"The chief minister, who had assured us of all assistance, does not seem to bother how these people are managing and take feedback from the authorities about his directions,\" he said.On the other hand, the BJP leaders are coming to Jodhpur on Sunday to meet these migrants. \"The party has constituted a committee to look into the matter and prepare a report, which will be submitted to both the state unit and the Central unit\", said party leader Onkar Singh Lakhawat. The committee comprises Lakhawat, MP from Bikaner Arjun Meghwal and Pabba Ram Bishnoi besides local MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16415753", "title": "Two cases of dowry reported", "text": "INDORE: Two instances of dowry were reported at Mahila police station here recently. Women in both the cases were allegedly harassed by their in-laws for dowry.In the first incident, one Varsha Bamoria, 21, wife of Hemkant Bamoria lodged a complaint that her in-laws were demanding Rs 15 lakh dowry. Her in-laws live in Vijay Nagar while she resides in Scheme number 78. Besides harassing her for money, they allegedly threatened to kill her if she did not meet the demand. Police booked her husband, mother-in-law Gyarsibai, brother-in-law Jitu and his wife Hema under section 498-A, 506, 34 of IPC and 4 of Dowry Act.In the other incident, one Anjali Arya, 21, wife of Hemant Arya lodged a complaint against her in-laws, claiming that they were harassing her for Rs 5 lakh dowry. They allegedly threatened to kill her if she failed, she informed the police. She lives in Doctors colony while her in-laws stay in Usha Nagar extension. Police booked her husband Hemant, father-in-law Harish Arya, mother-in-law Meena and one other under the same sections of IPC and Dowry Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16415438", "title": "Rare disease claims 22 in Alwar", "text": "JAIPUR: While the health and medical department has launched massive awareness campaigns to fight malaria and dengue, a rare zoonotic disease 'scrub typhus' has claimed 22 lives, so far, in Rajgarh area of Alwar district this season.Another six have died due to a disease with similar symptoms in Dausa.Last year too, nearly 60 died due to scrub typhus in Alwar district. The health department had then called the disease 'mysterious' and didn't send blood samples for tests.Baffled with the high death count recorded since August 22 this year, the health department has finally swung into action. A team of National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) based in New Delhi reached Rajgarh on Friday to collect blood samples.Scrub typhus can be cured but only if it is timely diagnosed. It is caused by the bite of mites during monsoon and is reported in areas close to jungles or urban shrubs. Since fever is one of the early symptoms of this disease, misdiagnosis or delayed diagnosis is a major worry.Residents claim that the death toll is higher but chief medical health officer (CMHO) in Alwar Dr K K Meena puts the official figure at 22.In Dausa, six people died recently after showing similar symptoms as scrub typhus which includes high fever and low platelet count. \"In the initial investigation, we have found that some of them had low platelet count accompanied by fever,\" said Dr O P Bairwa, CMHO, Dausa.According to experts, a person suffering from scrub typhus reports fever along with kidney and respiratory problems. This is followed by a major drop in the blood platelets count finally leading to the death.Teams of microbiologists and entomologists have been sent to Alwar and Dausa to control the 'outbreak'.\"We are not sure about the disease that caused the deaths in Dausa. Officials have been sent to find the reasons behind the deaths,\" said Dr B R Meena, health director. The deaths are not due to dengue or malaria, said the health department.Dausa MP Kiroli Lal Meena, who visited the affected area, alleged that the doctors did not attend to the patients properly. \"Had they attended to the patients properly, six lives would have been saved,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16417286", "title": "NRI commission gets Dubai firm to compensate for boy's death", "text": "CHANDIGARH: What was dreamt to be a passport to greener pastures turned nightmarish for a family in Nawashahr after their son, working in Dubai, fell to his death. The NRI Commission in Punjab has come to the rescue of the family after the employers refused to pay compensation for the boy's death.Following intervention of the commission and the ministry of overseas affairs, the Dubai-based company has been compelled to take responsibility and pay up.The boy, Jinder, worked for a construction company in Dubai - Tharwantiah Building Construction - since 2009. It was in August 2011 when he fell from a height at the construction site and died on the spot. The family's dreams turned sour and the thoughts of seeing their child \"settled\" abroad turned into grief when his body was brought back home and cremated.Jinder's mother Siso Devi said, \"I have two daughters and we all were completely dependant on Jinder. Things have been worse after the construction company refused compensation for his death. We were debt-ridden while making arrangements to send him to Dubai.\"After running from pillar to post, Siso Devi approached the newly set up NRI Commission in Punjab. The commission, observing that \"labour laws are prevalent for expatriates and UAE nationals\" reasoned that Jinder must be having a policy for grant of compensation in case of death at work.The case was sent to the ministry of overseas affairs by the NRI Commission, to take up the matter with the construction company. Justice Arvind Kumar, heading the NRI Commission, told TOI, \"Earlier, there was no place for such families to go to for seeking help. In this case, the ministry of overseas affairs has intervened and the construction company has agreed to pay up the dues to the victim's family.\"The family has been asked to provide the death certificate and other documents following which the compensation will be granted according to the agreement. Siso Devi said, \"We had been trying on our own. The company was not responding to our pleas and we didn't know whom to approach.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16417098", "title": "Veggies, fruits to make hole in your pockets", "text": "PATNA: With the diesel becoming costlier by Rs 5/litre, prices of vegetables and fruits seem set to increase by Rs 2 to 40/kg, depending on the distance of the places from where they are transported to the city.\"We have not yet increased the prices. But after we receive our next consignment of vegetables, I guess we will have to pay more for transportation and, therefore, increase the prices of vegetables,\" said Pappu Kumar, a veggie vendor at Anta Ghat. Asked about the expected increase, he said it would depend on the increase in the transportation cost.Deepak Yadav, who sells vegetables on Boring Road, estimated the prices of vegetables in the city would go up by Rs 2 to 10. \"Prices of vegetables that are transported from far-off places will increase more compared to those of the vegetables that are brought from neighbouring areas,\" Geeta Devi, who has also her vegetable shop on Boring Road, said and added potato, onion, tomato and pointed gourd are among those vegetables which come from far-flung places.According to the vegetable sellers TOI spoke to, the prices of green vegetables may go up by up to Rs 10/kg while a pair of cabbage may become costlier by Rs 3 to 6; a pair of cauliflower by Rs 2 to 5; pointed gourd by Rs 5 to 8/kg; bottle gourd by Rs 5 to 8/kg; sponge gourd by Rs 4 to 7/kg; beans by Rs 5 to 10/kg and ladyfinger by Rs 2 to 7/kg.\"The worst hit will be the middle-class households,\" said homemaker Nitika Singh who the TOI spoke to when she was buying vegetables from Anta Ghat. Jyoti Jha, another housewife, added buying vegetables from the wholesale market would now be a wise decision even though it involved cost of travelling to and from the house.Fruits are likely to make a bigger hole in your pockets. \"Plum, which comes to the city mostly from Delhi and currently sells for Rs 140 to 180/kg, is expected to turn costlier by Rs 20 to 40/kg,\" said Mohan Prasad, a fruit seller on Boring Road. While the price of Nasik's pomegranate is expected to skyrocket by Rs 30 to 40/kg, banana from Hajipur may become dearer by Rs 3 and that from Uttar Pradesh by Rs 6/dozen, Qaseem Khan, a fruit vendor at Bazaar Samiti, said and added the transportation cost of fruits would increase more than that of vegetables as they are mostly transported from other states.Auto fare won't increaseAuto Men's Union general secretary Ajay Kumar Patel said auto fares were increased by Re 1 per stoppage after the hike in prices of petro products last time. \"All the autos - petrol and diesel both - had increased the fares then. We have, therefore, decided not to increase the auto fares this time,\" Patel told TOI on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16417166", "title": "Ex-BJP MLA's kin named in riot case", "text": "VADODARA: Dharmendrasinh Waghela, a close relative of former BJP MLA Dilubha Chudasama, has been named in a case of rioting, issuing threats and trespassing. Dharmendrasinh and others allegedly tried to intimidate a factory owner in Ranoli GIDC near here after drawing power illegally from the factory's connection.Complainant Sanatsinh Thakore has a fabrication unit in the industrial estate. Thakore has alleged that Dharmendrasinh and his brother Pradyumansinh operated a transport company by the name of Narendra Roadlines from a plot near his factory.Thakore has claimed that the accused had taken a connection illegally from his power line since three years. He has claimed that despite repeated requests the connection was not removed and Dharmendrasinh and Pradyumansinh even threatened him.According to Thakore, about a month ago the power supply to his factory was disrupted and as a consequence there was no electricity at the transport company. Pradyumansinh and six or seven other persons allegedly entered his factory with rods and other objects and ransacked it. They even cut open a plastic tank for water storage at his factory. Thakore has claimed that he was threatened that he would be killed.Thakore has claimed that he went to meet the deputy commissioner of police (crime) regarding the issue, but when Pradyumansinh came to know of this he threatened the supervisor of Thakore's factory on Thursday. Thakore registered an offence with the detection of crime branch on Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16416645", "title": "Housing societies, corporates join rush to serve", "text": "MUMBAI: 'Success begets success' is a mantra that works not just in the boardroom but in the halls of charity as well. Several individuals, housing societies and corporates have taken the Joy of Giving Week beyond cursory lip service and turned it into a fruitful occasion. Sterling Terraces apartments in Bangalore has devised a week-long Joy of Giving festival for the second year running. Its initiative has grown by leaps and bounds over the years.Volunteer Rajan Narayanan says, \"We will serve food to service personnel including housemaids, drivers, plumbers and flower sellers on October 2. On October 3, 60 ladies from the apartment will fulfil the wishes of 60 children with special needs and give each a winter jacket. On October 4, we will collect a kg of rice, sugar, dal or wheat flour to distribute to a local shelter, host games for children on Oct 6, and repeat our annual food festival as well.\"Inspired by a drive in Ahmedabad, the Design for Change movement of 2009 has inspired 60,000 children, teachers and parents to formulate ideas for rainwater harvesting, anti-superstition drives and environmental causes to finance their school computers. In 2009 about 1,000 schools in one country took part in DFC. In 2010, the number increased to 1,200 schools and in 2011 it was 1,800 schools in 40 countries.The India Giving Challenge (IGC), an online event by GiveIndia, allows individuals and corporate employees, their families and associates to donate as little as 100 if they wish, or raise funds and earn prizes every single day as well.The \"challenge\" in the title seeks to tap the inherent competitiveness within business for it pits rival fundraisers against one another, exhorting them to do better. IGC's Dhaval Udani says, \"We have set a target of Rs 5 crore this year. In the first year we raised 91 lakh from 5,000 donors and progressed to 3 crore from 9,000 donors in 2011. The idea is make it fun for individuals and corporates to give so we have a leader board where the top fundraisers of the day are listed, and this prompts the laggards to catch up by gathering more.\"Two examples in Chennai and Hyderabad have given NGOs a platform to raise funds. The Battle of Buffet event in Chennai brings 100 NGOs on common ground. \"Ten five-star hotels prepare their signature dish and contribute 200 plates of food each. Leading musicians perform free of cost. What the NGOs do is distribute coupons worth 5,000 each to their donors and earn money without investing anything,\" says organiser Marie Banu. Scheduled for October 6, this event will have a performance by singer Srinivas. The popularity of this event has spread to Bangalore as 'Food for Change' this year.In Hyderabad, volunteer K N Chandrashekaran and his team gave the voluntary sector an \"early Christmas\" with the Karmayog Seva Mela. \"We have created a platform for NGOs to share their activities, network and raise funds. We started with 20 NGOs in 2010, went on to 56 last year and are hoping to have 75 this time,\" says Chandrashekharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16416548", "title": "Diesel price hike, FDI in retail angers Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party chief and former Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mayawati on Saturday reiterated her party's opposition to foreign direct investment in retail sector and the recent fuel price hike. However, at the same time, she does not seem to be in a hurry to withdraw support to the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre.Addressing a press conference in Lucknow, Mayawati demanded rollback of increase in fuel prices and the decision to allow FDI in retail sector. However, on the question of support to the UPA, she said that her party will take a final decision after 'Mahasankalp' rally to be held on October 9 in Lucknow on the occasion of BSP founder Kanshi Ram's death anniversary.\"We have extend issue-based support to the UPA to stop communal forces from coming to power, but we do not favour anti-people decisions like hike in the prices of diesel and LPG and FDI in retail. We demand revocation of these decisions. If UPA fails to do it, we will take the final decision on extending support after our rally on October 9,\" Mayawati said. She added that she will talk to party leaders who will come to attend the rally from all over the country and take feedback before announcing her future course of action.When asked to react on the 72-hour ultimatum given by the Congress ally All India Trinamool Congress president and Chief Minister of West Bengal Mamata Banerjee to the Central government on rollback of fuel price hike and FDI in retail, Mayawati said \"she cannot comment on the stand taken by the UPA partners, which are part of the government and other political parties which are extending issue-based support from outside\". However, as far as the BSP is concerned, it will strongly oppose both the decisions, she said.The BSP supremo also criticised the Congress for not passing the constitutional amendment bill on reservation to SC/STs in promotions in government services. \"The bill was introduced in Parliament, but it could not see the light of the day, because the intentions of the Congress are not clear. Had the Congress been serious about passing the bill , it would have found a way to end the deadlock in the monsoon session over Coalgate,\" she said and blamed wrong policies of UPA for spiralling inflation and poor state of country's economy.However, despite strong criticism, Mayawati remained non-committal on continuing support to UPA. She also avoided question on evaluating Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's performance. Sources in the BSP said that keeping in mind Muslim votes, Mayawati does not want to take the blame of fall of the \"secular UPA government\", in case the AITC withdraws support. She also wants to take stock of party's preparedness for early Lok Sabha election, if necessitated due to UPA's collapse, BSP sources added.\"Behenji will open her cards after seeing the action taken by other parties. Further, the 'Mahasankalp' rally will provide an opportunity to asses the situation at the ground level. If she will find that the anti-incumbency factor against the SP government is in her party's favour, she will not hesitate in going to polls,\" said a senior party leader, and added that Mayawati always announces major decisions in her party rallies, which she believes helps her in sending a direct message to the cadre effectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "subash nagar", "code": "16416922", "title": "Literary event at SD College", "text": "SUBASH NAGAR: A literary event, \"Humsafar \u2014 Kavita Te Patar\" was organized by Academic Social and Cultural Organization of Punjab (ASCO) on Saturday in the premises of Kamla Lohtia SD College. Padma Bhushan awardee and a poet of Punjab, Dr Surjit Patar was the resource person. Patar through his meaningful poetry conveyed the importance of cultural refinement and morality. His poetry depicted an ideal combination of personal pain and sacrifice and social problems. Dr Surjit Singh, associate professor, department of Punjabi, Punjabi University, Patiala, was the other speaker on this occasion. He supported the ideology upheld by Patar and described it as inevitable for a civilized society. Principal Dr Shiv Mohan Sharma, general secretary Brij Mohan Ralhan, vice-president Sandeep Aggarwal, manager of the college managing committee R D Singhal, welcomed the guests. Sunil Aggarwal, president, college managing committee appreciated this joint effort and assured his full support to ASCO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16416621", "title": "Railway guard beaten up for letting train leave early", "text": "TRICHY: A railway guard at Trichy's Fort station was beaten up as he cleared the departure of the Karur-Trichy passenger from the station before all the passengers could alight. The Karur-Trichy passenger that starts from Karur at 6.50 am and reaches Trichy at 9.10 daily carried three bogies less than the usual 12 due to what the Trichy division PRO M K Gopinath termed as \"technical reasons.\"The passenger train was unusually crowded on Saturday on account of the weekend, in addition to the limited bogies. Generally, Karur-bound passengers board the train at Fort station itself, which is three km away from Trichy Junction, to ensure seating. This service is mostly patronized by college students and office-goers from Karur, and also by textile businessmen.The train usually stops at Fort station for two minutes. On Saturday, there was an unusual stampede as overenthusiastic passengers tried to board the train even before it could come to a complete halt. As a result, the Fort-bound passengers could not alight. The crowd was bursting at the seams, and some of the passengers in the melee fell on to the platform, said a student. However, as the train was signalled to leave the station, a number of passengers fell down and bruised their knees. Someone later pulled the alarm chain, and the train was stopped again.The guard, Malownei, was furious, walked up to the bogie from where the alarm chain had been pulled, and picked up an argument with the passengers. While he was harping on the norm of Rs 500 fine for halting the train without a valid reason, the passengers vented their ire on him. Railway police personnel rushed to the spot and brought the situation under control. Gopinath said that no case was registered as the attacking passengers were not identified, and Malownei orally told the police about the violent incident. Gopinath, said the engineering division in Karur assured him that the remaining three bogies would be attached to the Karur-Trichy passenger from Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16414977", "title": "One dead, two injured", "text": "NAGPUR: A 22-year-old man, a native of Hyderabad, paid with his life for reckless driving.Rajkumar Chavan, with three pillion riders, succumbed to his injuries after dashing into a roadside display board near Smruti Nagar railway crossing on Saturday morning.While Chavan was declared dead at Mayo hospital, pillion riders Vishal Chourasiya and Bobby Bhaingwar were injured. Another pillion rider Santosh Thapa sustained minor injuries.It is learnt that Chavan had come to city on his bike along with Thapa on Wednesday. He was to return to Hyderabad with his wife and child.Koradi police registered a case against Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415436", "title": "Cops keep an eye on crowd", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of Firoze Shaikh, who had drowned at Bandra Bandstand on Friday, was washed ashore on Saturday evening. Shaikh drowned while he and his friends were playing in the sea after visiting the Bandra Fair. Shaikh's body has been handed over to his family.Policemen have been deployed near Bandstand and they have been told to keep an eye on people entering the waters and to not allow anyone to venture deep inside the sea.Mumbai: A large number of policemen were deployed at Bandra's Mount Mary Fair on Saturday and the heavy bandobast will continue on Sunday. Except a chain-snatching offence, no other incident was reported at the fair on Saturday. A woman's chain was snatched and she realized it only after she came out of the church, said a police officer.Police said they had deployed their men in plain clothes to keep a watch on chain-snatchers, pickpocketers and eve-teasers. Cops said that during the weekend they had segregated women from other revellers by putting barricades to avoid molestation and eve-teasing incidents. Large number of people visits the fair during the weekend.Cops decided to segregate the women crowd after discussions with organizers over ways to check such incidents. On Sunday, the last day of the fair, senior officials will monitor the crowds, said police., where he was playing with his friends after visitingThe body of drowned teenager, Firoz Shaikh, was washed ashore at Bandra on Saturday evening. The police handed over the body to his family members after completing the formalities. Shaikh along with his friends went to mount mery fair and he was playing in the sea at bandstand when he drowned.The police said that they had deployed their men near the bandstand and asked them to check the people visiting the area after regular interval and don't allowed them to ventured deep inside the sea.Meanwhile, the police deployed heavy bandobast during the mount mary fair in Bandra on Saturday and it will continue till next day. There was no serious incident reported on Saturday at the fair, except a chain-snatching offence. An officer said that somebody and stanched a woman's chain in the crowd and she learnt about it when she walked out of the church. The police stated that they had deployed their men in plain clothes to keep watch on chain-snatcher, pickpocketer and eye-teasers.The police claimed that they had segregated the mount merry crowd during the weekend after putting barricades to avoid molestation and eve-teasing incidents. Large number of people visits the fair during the weekend.The officer stated that many times they received complaints eye-teasing complaint during the fair in the past and they noticed that many times the victim didn't want to file the police complaint. The officer segregated the crowd to avoid such incident.The officers stated that they had discussed the issue with the organisers and decided crowd segregation is only way to control such incidents.The police stated that they decided to segregate family and women crowd from rest. The police said that the senior officers will themselves monitor the crowd on last day of the fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16415532", "title": "Mild to moderate rain drenches state; Jaipur gets scattered rainfall", "text": "JAIPUR: South west monsoon continued to bring mild to moderate showers in the eastern and northern parts of the state on Saturday. Districts including Ajmer, Jodhpur, Kota, Bharatpur and Jaipur witnessed mild showers during the day.Jaipur Met office had earlier said that monsoon will continue in the state till September 15 but on Saturday, officials maintained that the monsoon activity will continue in the state at least for one more week. The upper air cyclonic circulation and higher humidity levels in northern and eastern Rajasthan have strengthened the monsoon activity and gave a route for its extension in the state.Jaipurities woke up to a cloudy sky but it did not rain in the first half of the day.In the evening, moderate rain was witnessed in various parts of the city. The Met office termed it as scattered rainfall as it varied from locality to locality. The office which has its observatory at the Jaipur airport merely recorded traces of rain while the district the rain gauge installed at the district collectorate received a rainfall of 15 mm.Vanasthali which is close to Jaipur witnessed a rainfall of 40 mm, according to the Met office.But many areas in the city did not receive even drizzles while other places, including Raja Park, Jawahar Nagar and Narayan Singh Circle received moderate rainfall.In reports from other parts of the state, Raniwada(Jalore) and Mount Abu(Sirohi) received a rainfall of 50 mm, Nithawa (Dungarpur) and Bharatpur 30 mm while many places in the state received 20 mm to 10 mm of rainfall.Meanwhile Saturday's slight rainfall has again exposed the lofty claims of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation on its claims of cleaning the drains. Water was overflowing at the busiest city roads including JLN marg, MI Road and Tonk Road where people returning from office were stuck in the traffic for hours.A mini bus got stuck in a pit during the rain at Susheelpura bridge for almost half-an-hour. However, no loss of life or injury was reported. Later, the driver and the conductor of the bus with the help of passers-by managed to get one of the tyres to out of the pit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415629", "title": "PV Sindhu bows out China Masters after tough fight", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after causing the biggest upset of her nascent career, PV Sindhu almost pulled off another before going down to fourth seed Yanjiao Jiang of China in the semifinals of the China Masters Super Series in Changzhou on Saturday.One thought that Sindhu would have been drained after her exhausting effort in the quarterfinals.But the Hyderabad girl showed that she had reserves of stamina many may not have known about. Though the teenager lost 10-21, 21-14, 19-21, she has won many hearts with her fearless approach.Ajay Jayaram, too, lost his semifinal against Yun Hu of Hong Kong 16-21, 18-21, bringing an end to an impressive Indian campaign at the top-rated tournament. Having four Indians in the quarterfinals and shocking big wigs in a Super Series is a rarity.Sindhu, who lost the first game tamely, came back strongly to win the second one and take the tie to the decider. In a keenly-fought third game, Sindhu kept pace with her more experienced rival till 19-all but it was at this stage that she let her guard down a bit.She lost patience and went for the kill but managed to hit the bird into the net twice to concede victory to the Chinese.Playing beautifully at the net and showing measured aggression in her strokes, Sindhu fought back from a 13-16 deficit to nose ahead (17-16) of the Changzhou girl with four successive points.The way she applied pressure on the rival by staying close to the net and waiting for the right opportunity to pounce on was amazing. At 17-17, Sindhu took a big risk with a well measured drop on the line but soon surrendered the advantage when her smash landed into the net.The Hyderabadi girl will travel to Tokyo next week for the Japan Open Super Series. A comparatively easy draw there enhances Sindhu's chances.Chief coach Pullela Gopichand was impressed with Sindhu's show. \"She played very well but was a bit unlucky in the third game,\" Gopi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16415606", "title": "346 post for senior teachers vacant in 205 govt schools", "text": "AJMER: The claims of quality secondary education in government schools have fallen flat in rural regions where lab assistants are teaching science and mathematics to class XII and X students. Students preparing for board exams are at the receiving end as 346 posts of senior teachers are lying vacant in 205 government senior and secondary schools of rural district.Fed up with the assurances given by education department, more than a dozen villages have warned the department of completely locking the school if teachers are not there in the next one week. Villagers are sending memorandum to the department warning that if they do not have teachers then it is better to close down these schools.Sixty-four senior schools in villages have no principals and 46 secondary schools have no headmasters. Even 79 posts for mathematics lecturers, 43 for science and 54 for English are lying vacant in the schools. More than 80 teachers are required to teach the middle classes.Students going to schools in the remote village of Sursura have to sit idle throughout the day. \"We have new NCERT syllabus but there are no tuitions available here where we could go,\" said a class X student.Students are asked to just memorise the chapters in English without understanding anything. \"As there is no guidebook in English and since the books are new for us, we ask them to just memorise them,\" said a senior teacher of a government school.The board result of the district deteriorated this year and it is expected to become worse in the next session. \"We have a lot on hand like scholarship distribution, computer training and implementation of various government policies, then how do we get time for teaching,\" said a senior teacher of a government school. The principals of these schools are busy in the construction work of the building and hence cannot keep an eye on the quality of education. \"If there is 100 rupees less in the account of construction then I have to pay from my pocket,\" said a principal of Pisanghan block.When villagers show their anger and demanded teachers to teach their children in school, education department shift a teacher from nearby school temporarily to cool down the demanders, \"Why should I send my daughter for higher studies t fight in school and return back empty hand\" said Mool Singh Rawat of JAwaja. He claimed that there is only two teachers on secondary school to teach 443 students, \"No English, Science or mathamtics only to read books.\"The department accepted its shortcomings and assured the people of improving the situation. \"Whenever there is a demand we shift a teacher from a nearby school but now the villagers are not allowing the teacher to return. Problems about shortage of teachers are increasing but we are somehow managing,\" said Manju Dadich, district education officer of secondary setup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16421250", "title": "BJP to launch 'political war' against FDI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Demanding rollback of the fuel price hike and FDI in retail, senior BJP leader M Venkaiah Naidu on Sunday said the party would launch a \"political war\" against it.The UPA government has failed on all fronts and mid-term polls are the only solution for the country, Naidu told reporters here.Accusing the UPA government of not taking into confidence even its allies for allowing FDI investment in multibrand retail and hike in diesel price, the BJP leader said the party would chalk-out a detailed programme of \"political war\" soon.The central government led by Congress has taken the decision to cover up its failure and divert attention of people, he alleged.Terming the FDI investment in retail as a \"unilateral decision\", Naidu said the UPA government has failed to keep its promise made in Parliament.On December 7 last year, the then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee had informed the Lok Sabha that the decision to permit 51 per cent FDI in multibrand retail trade was suspended till a consensus was developed through consultation amongst various stakeholders including state chief ministers, he said.The announcement was made without consulting opposition parties, traders and chief ministers of the states, he alleged.Replying to a query, Naidu said BJP is not opposed to reforms but against FDI in retail trade and such a decision would throw crores of farmers on streets.Reiterating party's demand for cancellation of coal blocks allocation, Naidu demanded a high-level independent inquiry in it.A nationwide agitation programme against the UPA government's anti-poor and anti-farmer policies would be chalked out during the party's three-day national executive meeting to be held at Faridabad from September 26, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16416943", "title": "Folk artistes want a fair deal", "text": "MYSORE: Janapada Kalavidarugala Okkoota's folk artistes from Mysore, Chamarajanagar and Mandya districts on Saturday came down heavily on the district administration for not paying them enough during Dasara festival. Folk troupes carry Nandi Dwaja which is worshipped by the chief minister before the beginning of the procession on Vijayadashami.Folk dance has become a part of Naada Habba. Folk artistes dance for hours during the procession which moves from Mysore Palace to Banni Mantap. Okkoota president Mahadevappa said they are not given basic facilities. \"Drinking water facility is not provided on the way to Banni Mantap. Once we reach there, police officials stop us and at times they even push us,\" he added.Okkoota's secretary Kiralu Mahesh claimed that only Rs 500 is give to each artiste. \"The travel and costume expenses cannot be met by the amount we get. The district administration must pay at least Rs 1,000 for each artiste.\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "16416998", "title": "JD(U) MLA files divorce petition", "text": "PURNIA: The die has finally been cast with Rupauli JD(U) MLA Bima Bharati filing her divorce petition against her husband and ganglord Awadhesh Mandal. Their 16-year marriage has floundered.Purnia family court headed by principal judge Ratan Kishore Tiwari admitted her divorce petition on Friday after hearing the arguments put forward by her lawyers. The court has ordered for serving of notice on her husband Awadhesh Mandal. The hearing of the case has been fixed on October 5.Bima Bharati filed the divorce petition in the first week of September citing her husband's second marriage and torture over her marriage failing. The case was filed under Section 13 of the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955, sources said.Daughter of Shital Prasad Mandal, Bima Bharati tied the nuptial knot with Awadhesh at Pureini-Chandpur village in Madhepura district in 1996. Though the couple have three children including a daughter, their conjugal life faced many ups and downs. The law-maker's marriage with a notorious ganglord and kingpin of an unlawful outfit, Faizan Group, Awadhesh Mandal, always stuck in her throat. She was not only often thrashed and confined in her rooms for days, but was often humiliated.However, Mandal's marriage with a young girl from Jogbani this June was the proverbial last straw in their 16 years of married life. Mandal, however, refused to comment on Bima Bharati's divorce petition, adding he would \"say whatever had to be said in court\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16416531", "title": "Media criticism a 'wake-up call': CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Media reports on the performance of his government were a barometer of his performance and served as a wake-up call for him and his team, said Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav at a press conference on on Saturday on completing six months in office. He was responding to questions on the performance of his government, vis-a-vis all the sectors in the six months of being voted to power.Faced with a barrage of discomfiting questions about the Samajwadi government, the chief minister said he was mindful of the government's responsibility to ensure there was peace in the state and law and order was maintained. He skirted allegations of not being in complete control of the government with a light hearted, \"I'm in control of the microphone now!\" and said his government would deal strictly with all persons found responsible for violence in Ghaziabad on Friday night in which some people died and many were injured. \"Action will be taken, regardless of the person's rank,\" Akhilesh said.On Saturday, government released a 48-page booklet documenting the Samajwadi regime's achievements across sectors. Speaking to the press, Akhilesh said his government had overcome economic and social challenges to ensure that all promises made by the party in its election manifesto were implemented in letter and spirit. \"We took over the reins at a time when the state exchequer was in deficit. But, we have managed to improve the statistics and give direction to development initiatives,'' he said.Listing the resumption of 'janata darshan' and the move to give greater freedom to officials among the major achievements of the state government during the first six months, he said the biggest development by the Samajwadi government would be in the area of providing better and more roads. He said: \"We have already started constructing roads in the state. The plan of the Lucknow-Agra highway has also been finalised. Many other projects are underway.''He claimed his government had taken proactive steps in giving 3,000 ambulances to the state, distributing unemployment allowance, finalising the industrial policy and paying a portion of the cane arrears. Distribution of laptops to students from November would be another major landmark of the state government in the six months it has been in power.In an important pro-farmer decision, Yadav announced that all farmers in the state would now get free access to water from government-run canals and tube wells, for irrigation. The scheme, he said, would be effective retrospectively, from April 1, 2012.Akhilesh also reiterated his party's stand on foreign direct investment in the retail sector, adding his government would not allow its implementation in the state. Yadav said though SP supports the UPA II alliance in keeping communal forces at bay, the party had opposed the hike in diesel prices and FDI. But, he was non-committal on his government's stance on rollback of Value Added Tax (VAT) on diesel to lessen tax burden on people of Uttar Pradesh. Responding to queries on his party's support to the UPA on FDI, the CM said: \"Decision to continue or withdraw support to the UPA alliance will be taken by party national president Mulayam Singh Yadav.''The CM added that though the SP government opposed FDI in retail to protect the interest of small and marginal retailers, it would welcome FDI in power and road building. The chief minister denied there was any proposal related to these sectors in UP. \"We have met parties who expressed interest to invest in UP in these sectors. But the meetings were mere courtesy calls,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16416794", "title": "Businessmen condemn FDI in retail", "text": "KANPUR: Industrialists and businessmen from the city have expressed dismay and anger over the UPA government's decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail segment.Strongly opposing the reforms announced by the Centre, city-based industrialist Atul Seth said the decision to open up the retail sector to FDI would harm small businessmen, grocers and the farmers.Seth's words were echoed by Mayur Agrawal, a sauce manufacturer, who said, \"FDI will not help the people of the country in any way, and instead be a bane for farmers. This is a wrong step taken by the Congress government and we condemn it.\"It is worth mentioning here that the UPA government led by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has opened the country's supermarket sector to foreign chains after months of dithering. The move allows global firms such as Wal-Mart to set up shop with a local partner and sell directly to consumers for the first time.So far, however, the decision has received flak from both the opposition and the allies of the Congress party at the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16420653", "title": "Viswanathan Anand rules out any plans of retirement", "text": "CHENNAI: At 42, Viswanathan Anand is the second oldest of the top ten FIDE ranked players in the world, but the reigning world chess champion on Sunday ruled out any plans of retiring.Anand, who won the world championship five times including the latest against Boris Gelfand in Moscow in May this year, says \"there is definitely no thought of retirement\".\"In fact, it is quite the opposite\", he said, clearly indicating that he intends to defend his title in 2014.Although Anand is the reigning world champion, Norway's Magnus Carlsen , who is half his age at 21, tops the current world ratings given by FIDE, the world chess federation which keeps changing the ratings based on tournament play. Only Ukraine's Vassily Ivanchuk is a little older than Anand, who is currently ranked ninth in the world.Ruling out retirement, Anand asked \"how can I quit\". In a career spanning over two decades, Anand has squared off and beaten many a tough opponents but the Indian chess legend considers Israeli Boris Gelfand as the toughest of them all for his discipline.Anand beat Gelfand to clinch his fifth world title earlier this year in a match that went into tie-break after both the players finished 6-6 in the regular games.\"In a way, I consider Boris Gelfand of Israel as a tough rival. He is a very professional and disciplined chess player. In the World Championship, Gelfand deserved the title win as much as I but then this Championship has been my biggest test so far,\" Anand said.Anand turned Grandmaster in 1988 and asked about the secret of his longevity that too at the top, the affable chess wizard said the desire to keep learning keeps him going.\"First of all if it is a secret, I would simply say that it is keep playing the game of Chess. I keep forcing, I keep learning new things in the game and so far I have been taking challenges as they come,\" he said.On his fitness, Anand said though his eating habits are not too strict, he does make it a point to go to the gym regularly.\"I attend to my fitness. I go the gym every day and try to maintain my physical fitness without that it is tough to take challenges on the chess board.\"As far as food habits are concerned, I would say that it depends on where you are and you have to eat what is available. So, it is not possible to be very strict. I would not say that I have very special food habits,\" he said.Five world titles and six Chess Oscars under his belt but Anand doesn't mind the perceived lack of hype around his mammoth achievements.\"I do not think about it at all. My job is to play chess, the game that I love. I achieve what I can in chess. That is what I focus on. Basically, I am always focused on playing the game and this is important to me,\" he said.Talking about the Indian chess scenario, Anand said the young crop holds out a lot of promise for the future.\"There has been a sea change in chess in India. The growth at all levels, the number of youngsters into the game. I think you cannot even compare the awareness and the interest in chess today to what was 25 years ago,\" he said.\"So, I believe that there will be strong chess players from India. We already have several players on the verge of breakthrough. I am sure that sooner or later someone will,\" Anand added.On to his own game, Anand said he would be aiming to improve his ELO ratings which have fallen to 2780, leaving him sixth in the world rankings.\"I had a few misses in the second half of last year. There is where I lost lot of ELO points. Of course, after something like that you want to come back strongly. I do not have specific plans for the ELO as such.\"You gain ELO points by having the results. So, I think that the key is to have good records again and then ELO rating will take care of itself. I am definitely disappointed by the loss of position on ELO. But, I hope to do better this year. Nothing much you can really do. You just keep working and keep trying. That is what I will do,\" he said.After spending a good part of his life in Spain, Anand has shifted back to his home city Chennai and the veteran said he does miss Europe at times.\"Of course, we miss Spain. Spain has been a big part of our life. But, we are also very happy coming back to India and it is nice to be with parents, grandparents and so on. It is not too bad. I get to go to Spain often enough. At least twice a year for tournaments and I still get to keep in touch with a lot,\" he said.On whether he would chronicle his life and career in a book in the times to come, Anand said, \"There is something in the work. But, I do not want to elaborate on that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415350", "title": "\u2018Busy\u2019 Anti-Corruption Bureau has no time for DA cases", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) may end up registering the worst-ever performance in its operational history this year. Till September 13, 2012, ACB had managed to register only two disproportionate assets (DA) cases and catch only 50 persons red-handed while taking bribes.Bureau officials attributed the dismal showing on the DA front to their preoccupation with liquor mafia probe and cash-for-bail cases.Since the agency has dedicated its entire staff to investigating the liquor mafia from the beginning of the year, the agency's regular working has hit an all-time low. Of the trap cases till September 13, 20 were executed in the last three months.In 2009, it registered 238 trap cases and 73 DA cases. In 2010, ACB trapped 178 government officials accepting bribes and booked DA cases against 81 officers. In 2011, sleuths booked 181 trap cases and registered 54 DA cases.ACB director B Shivadhar Reddy said they have managed to register only two DA cases this year so far. \"We need to do a lot of background work to book a DA case and it requires a good amount of time from the officers. At present our staff is very busy with the liquor syndicate probe.\" the director told TOI.The ACB has booked 48 cases related to liquor mafia probe and, so far, probe has been completed in four of them. This means ACB officials will be able to focus on DA cases not before November. And, that too, if everything goes as per plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16415459", "title": "A free run of expressions on a fresh canvas", "text": "BHOPAL: What do you get when you mix a group of painters, sculptors, graphic artists, classical musicians, poets and writers dedicated to their respective mediums of artistic self-expression coming together? The answer is Art 2020. Meet this motley group of artists who not only offer visual art offerings but also aim to promote cross-cultural and cross-media experimentation and exchanges. One of the founding members and eminent sculptor Devilal Patidar says, \"Inspired by Vision2020 doctrine of former president APJ Abdul Kalam , this group aims to contribute towards the artistic component of this grand vision.\"\"What started as a group of seven members in 2010, now boasts of a membership of 42. Initially a website www.art2020.net was launched. Then the group came together for exhibitions at various parts of India as well,\" another founding member and painter Sajid Premi adds.\"What was lacking in the city was a platform where upcoming artists could be promoted. Besides, a dialogue on the subject was also missing as art had become purely commercial. Hence, a group of like-minded artists was formed where a space for experimentation, regional, national and international exchanges was provided and dialogue in the visual arts facilitated,\" said Patidar.The group aims to support emerging artists and those from smaller cities and marginal areas. The group is also gearing up to exhibit 'shadows' as a part of the Roopabh series at Bharat Bhavan.Shadows, their upcoming exhibition in black and white, is in an effort to break away from the mainstream world of colour, describe the members.One of the newest members of the group, Madhubani painter Preeti Das, talking about the upcoming exhibition said, \"It is a great platform to showcase your work.\"On the theme, she said, \"The art form where I work in has a lot of colour. Hence, it was immensely challenging as an artist to do justice to the theme of the exhibition as the art work had to be in black and white. It definitely required a lot of thinking and new perspective.\"Another artist Rupinder Kaur says, \"It is the shadows that shape the light, and integrates with the light to produce striking photographic opportunities. There's just no escaping light and shadow. Visually, light and shadow help us make sense of what we see and help to understand texture, dimensions and perspectives.\"The exhibition would see the works of three sculptors including Patidar, two photographers and other painters.One of the photographers Bhawana Jaiswal describes her association with the group as a result of the mutual meetings with the other members of the group.\"Every photographer loves to work in the black and white medium as that is the first thing they learn. Similarly, I loved the concept of working in the 'Shadows' exhibition as black and white in themselves are complete colours.\" Shadows would be inaugurated at Bharat Bhavan on September 18 where 25 artists from the group would be displaying their works. The exhibition would continue till September 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419334", "title": "Justin Bieber building home with Selena in LA", "text": "Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are reportedly in the process of building a house for themselves and have decided to purchase a plot of land in the Tarzana area of Los Angeles for the purpose.The plot of the land they are interested in buying has a view of the San Fernando Valley.\"Justin and Selena are building a massive home together in Tarzana,\" Contactmusic quoted a source as telling Hollywoodlife.com.\" It's just a dirt lot right now with some pipes, but it has a generous panoramic view of the San Fernando Valley,\" the source said.Building the home there would mean that Gomez could stay close to her mother, who lives in the nearby Woodland Hills area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415665", "title": "Divorce dispute: Man stabs wife, commits suicide", "text": "PUNE: A dispute over divorce turned tragic for a couple when the husband stabbed the wife and later killed himself at the wife's residence in Tingrenagar, Vishtrantwadi, on Saturday afternoon.Sheetal Raosaheb Salunkhe (32), who has been critically injured, is undergoing treatment at a private hospital. The husband has been identified as Kiran alias Kisan Baburao Mohite (35) of Balajinagar in Katraj.Inspector Pandurang Gofane (crime) of the Vishrantwadi police told TOI that the couple from Sangli got married in 2002 and later shifted to Pune. With their divorce case pending before the court, they had been living separate for the past few years.When Mohite came to know that Sheetal was preparing for a second marriage, he went to her house to talk about it. \"They had a heated exchange of words. In a fit of anger, Mohite pulled out a knife and stabbed Sheetal in her stomach. She raised an alarm and ran out of the house. The neighbours admitted her to a nearby private hospital\".\"Meanwhile, Mohite locked the door from inside. He used Sheetal's dupatta and hung himself to death from a ceiling fan. After we were informed about the incident, which took place around 2.45 pm, we reached Sheetal's house. No one responded to the door bell. When we looked inside the window, we saw Mohite hanging from the ceiling. We broke opened the door and brought his body down. So far, we have not found a suicide note,\" Gofane said.Mohite was running a medical shop at Sadashiv Peth while Sheetal works with a private firm. Mohite's body was sent to Sassoon hospital for post-mortem. Police have registered a case of attempted murder against him under section 307 of the Indian Penal Code, he added.When TOI contacted Navnath Bhor, the medical officer of Kedarnath hospital on Alandi road where Sheetal is admitted, Bhor said her condition was critical and that she was in a state of shock. \"Sheetal has received injuries on her right hypo chondrik region\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16415676", "title": "2 robbers held with Rs 19L cash, 150 gm gold", "text": "BHOPAL: A constable sustained bullet injuries in an exchange of fire between police and robbers on Saturday, after which two out of three accused with two country-made revolvers of .315 bore, 6 live bullets and Rs 19 lakh cash and 150 gm gold were arrested in Murar cantonment area of Gwalior, police said.Ramhet Baghel, Umesh Yadav and Shersingh Rajput waylaid two employees of a jewellery shop Dipak Jain and Ghanshyam Sharma, who were leaving to Delhi from Sarafa market with Rs 29 lakh cash and 300 gm gold to strike a business deal. The three left Jain and Sharma and when they were chased by people and one of them opened fire to shoo away the crowd, the police said.Police was informed about the incident and it reached the spot and chased the robbers, who entered an abandoned school. The accused fired on the police, leading to an exchange of fire in which constable Pawan Sharma was injured.The exchange of fire went on for more than 30 minutes after which the cops arrested Baghel and Yadav. However, Rajput managed to flee with Rs 10 lakh and 150 gm gold, the police said.Constable Sharma is being treated in a private hospital, the police said, adding that a hunt has been launched to arrest Rajput.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16422167", "title": "I am open to Bigg Boss if Sunny\u2019s there: Karan Tacker", "text": "Karan Tacker speaks about reality shows and his wish to be a part of Bigg Boss only if Sunny Leone is a part of the showKaran Tacker who is currently busy with Ek Hazaro Mein Meri Behna Hai , haven't been a part of reality shows till now. The actor has also chosen his TV soaps carefully. \"It is my conscious decision to be away from reality shows. I was offered Jhalak Dikhla Jaa but I am not much of a dancer. So I didn't want to take it up. I also felt that if I don't have my heart in it I won't be able to give my best,\"says Karan.And what about reality shows like Bigg Boss , which might detach Karan from his near and dear ones for over three months? \"If I am offered Bigg Boss and I have inmates like Sunny Leone for company I will surely consider it. I am open to reality shows only if it has a concept that will appeal to me. I have been choosy about the kind of work I take,\" he smiles. But the actor prefers anchoring to any other profession in the small screen. \"I enjoyed anchoring the red carpet at IIFA.\"Karan is also keen on taking up film projects. \"I would love to do films. It is more creatively involving and films give you time to work on characters. I would like to do something like a Rock Star or Zindagi Na Mile Dobara . I am a big fan of Imtiaz Ali, Anurag Kashayap. And I truly idolise, Amitabh Bacchan, SRK and Ranbir Kapoor's work. TV actors are doing films and film actors are doing television. It's just a matter of time, luck and opportunity. I wish I also get some good offer soon,\"shares Karan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16416611", "title": "283 net jobs at fair", "text": "MADURAI: As many as 283 people landed jobs at the job fair organised by the Madurai District Tiny and Small Scale Industries Association (MADITSSIA) here on Saturday. As many as 355 others were also shortlisted for employment.The job fair organised in association with the district administration saw more than 1,500 aspirants with educational qualifications ranging from eighth standard to MBA. More than 40 small and medium scale industries participated in the fair.Collector Anshul Mishra gave away the appointment orders to the candidates chosen for employment by various companies including TVS Sri Chakra Tyres Limited, Sundaram Brake Linings, Sundaram Industries and ICICI Life Insurance.Physically challenged people too participated in the fair and one such candidate bagged a job as a human resource manager in a company. Of the 1,500 aspirants over 1,100 attended personal interviews during the fair. MADITSSIA has forwarded about 700 applications of graduates of professional courses to the regional employment directorate. Anshul Mishra said a similar job mela would be organised for engineering graduates on September 29 in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415328", "title": "Harassed by in-laws, young woman ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: A 21-year-old woman, married in July, set herself afire at her father's place in Jaitala on Friday afternoon. Usha Wankhede seems to have taken the drastic step after being harassed by the in-laws. Despite sustaining almost 100% burns, she nailed the husband and his family members in the dying declaration made before the police.Usha's family had agreed to the match with Amol, who owned a grocery shop, without any doubt. They felt contented as Amol's family did not demand dowry. Usha and her family, however, did not have an inkling that Amol was under medication. A family source said Amol suffered from bouts of mental illness which Usha had mentioned before her parents.After marriage, Usha was staying at Sambhaji Nagar in Rana Pratap Nagar. On August 8, a month after marriage, Usha approached Rana Pratap Nagar police station after she was threatened by Amol, who wanted her to work. Amol had tried to intimidate Usha for refusing to go out and earn money. A non-cognizable offence was registered under sections 504 and 506 of the Indian Penal Code.Family sources claimed that Usha was humiliated mostly by husband Amol's elder brother Arvind and his wife Sunita. \"They would not allow her to have meals and snatch away vegetables. They would often threaten to harm her,\" family sources said.Usha had been staying at her father's place since Rakshabandhan. She had gone to her husband's place on Thursday but was driven away. A depressed Usha returned to the father's place. A day after that, she ended life by setting herself ablaze in the bathroom. Usha was rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital where the doctors declared her dead. But, Usha narrated her ordeal before the police.MIDC police initially registered a case of accidental death. Senior police inspector Atul Navghire said action would be taken once the victim's family approached the cops with a formal complaint. \"We have already sent a message to the family of the deceased to come with a complaint,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415817", "title": "Heritage crumbles under hammer", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata's priceless heritage is vanishing at an alarming rate as protected buildings are torn down to make way for high-rises. Many Grade-I structures have been dropped from the heritage list and reduced to rubble over the last decade or so.Grand mansions and memorials of the Gothic and Brito-Bangla styles have always been one of the attractions of this heritage city. But unable to afford the huge maintenance costs, the owners of many such buildings have invited promoters to replace their mansions with multi-storey buildings in blatant violation of norms. Some managed to surreptitiously demolish their heritage buildings, dodging the Kolkata Municipal Corporation. Some others connived with a section of KMC officials to drop the buildings from the heritage list so that they can be torn down, say sources.In 2007, KMC had declared 1,363 buildings as heritage structures. But immediately that, many buildings were de-listed for a hefty fee to KMC. By 2009, the list was down to 917 buildings and KMC earned Rs 5 crore from the delisting. An internal audit in 2009 had criticized the role of the heritage conservation committee, pointing out that approval from the government was not taken for the delisting.In 2001, the famous archway of the YMCA building on 5, Russel Street, was brought down by a private developer. As the residence of the first Bishop of Calcutta, it was a Grade-1 structure, whose facade, interiors and even the surroundings cannot be changed. Media reports at the time said the building had been bought and would be replaced with a commercial complex. KMC building department records suggest it had no clue about it. \"We did not know that the famous arched gateway would be demolished. We immediately asked the owner to restore the heritage facade,\" said a KMC official. Intach, an NGO involved in heritage activism, persuaded the promoter to re-build the gate.There was more destruction to follow. What was once Gouripur House on Ballygunge Circular Road - the sprawling palace of the Baruahs from Assam's Gouripur - is now a patch of wild. The legendary Promothesh Baruah lived here. But all that history could not save this Grade-1 building from being demolished. A KMC executive engineer was shocked to see it flattened and reported it to his superiors only to find that a developer had somehow managed to get permission to build a high-rise there. The then mayor Bikash Bhattacharya cancelled the sanction and suspended a senior official. But the heritage building was gone for ever.\"It left a scar on the entire family. There was a hue and cry, but things gradually died down. We hope that the state government rebuilds the palace and creates a museum as promised,\" said Karabi Baruah, Promothesh Barua'hs daughter-in-law.The picturesque Cossimbazar Maharaja's house survives but is completely overshadowed by a huge multi-storied residential complex that looms over it. Two new towers are supposed to come up to its right, hemming it in.There is a lot of controversy over the house of revolutionary Harish Mukherjee. While old-timers in the locality say that the freedom fighter's house was at 68/2 Harish Mukherjee Road, where a commercial complex now stands, KMC records doubt it. \"Harish Mukherjee published The Hindu Patriot from this house and we saw some rare printing equipment there. All these are gone,\" said Madhabendu Sarkar, who lives next-door. Demolition of this Grade-I building in 2008 created a furore. Barun De, the then chairman of KMC heritage committee, investigated it and said that the demolished structure could be only a part of the listed heritage structure. Many did not find the explanation plausible.Basubati - the palatial house of Nandalal Bose - is now the site of a film shoot. It looks haunted from inside for want of conservation. Sources say that a private developer has acquired the property and plans to restore it and turn it into a boutique hotel. Owners of such buildings are taking to desperate measures. A four-storied residential complex shares its boundary with Shovabazar Rajbati because a branch of the Deb family chose to convert their portion of the old mansion. \"Owners of mansions like ours know what a curse it is. How else do we maintain such structures?\" asked Gautam Krishna Deb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16416246", "title": "Wholesalers oppose Delhi\u2019s decision on foreign investment", "text": "CUTTACK: Traders in Malgodown, state's biggest wholesale market, have vehemently opposed the central government's decision to allow foreign direct investment (FDI) in the retail sector. Traders said the decision will affect local traders and small enterprises. \"Foreign investments by MNCs will hijack the country's retail trade. This would lead to closure of Malgodown causing loss of livelihood to thousands of small traders engaged in the sector,\" said Srikant Sahoo, secretary of Cuttack Chamber of Commerce.The Cuttack Chamber of Commerce has also decided to extend its support to the Bharat bandh call on September 18 by the Confederation of All India Traders against the Centre's decision to allow FDI in retail sector. \"We have decided to oppose the Centre's decision of allowing 51% FDI in retail as it will affect business and livelihood of lakhs of traders and other employees engaged in the sector,\" Sahoo said.More than 2,000 traders doing business at Malgodown will bear the brunt if FDI is implemented in the state. He further stated that foreign supermarkets like Walmart and Tesco will gain at the expense of Odisha's small traders and workers who are part of the domestic supply chain. \"It is a myth that FDI will improve the condition of farmers. In reality, the experience all over the world has shown that giant MNC retail chains procure produce mainly from very large farmers and contract farms. Small farmers inevitably lose out, because they cannot match the arbitrary quality standards of these chains. The MNC retailers also force the farmers to sell their produce at cheap rates,\" said Madhusudan Rout, president of All Odisha Rice Merchant's Association.Not only the Malgodown traders, street vendors and grocery shop-owners are equally worried over the entry of FDI in retail. \"The current market players have already affected our business and now the giant MNCs will ruin us. How will we face the competition from MNCs, which can afford to sell products cheaper,\" said Bairagi Sahoo, a small grocery shop-owner in CDA area.\"There are more than 20,000 street vendors in Cuttack and the number counts more than five lakh across the state. Once the MNCs are allowed to open their outlets in the state, no customer will prefer to buy from these street vendors. Their livelihood will be badly affected. We strongly oppose the Centre's,\" said Subash Singh, president of All Odisha Street Vendors' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16415969", "title": "Activist lodges plaint against151 persons for illegal mining", "text": "PANAJI: While the state government is \"studying\" the Shah commission report, social activist Kashinath Shetye on Saturday set the ball rolling as he has lodged a police complaint against 151 persons for corruption and loss to exchequer due to illegal mining as exposed by the Shah commission.The complaint lodged by Shetye in Panaji police station also talks about public servant disobeying provisions of law with intent to save persons from punishment.The then mines minister from 1994 to 1999, Pratapsingh Rane, now the leader of opposition, the then mines minister from 1999 to 2012, Digambar Kamat now MLA, names of government officials and mining companies have been mentioned as accused in the complaint lodged by Shetye.Shetye has also named Roy Naik , son of former home minister Ravi Naik as accused in his complaint.An illegal mining scam of 35,000 crore has come to light by the Shah commission report and as per the report, the loss to the exchequer is 35,000 crore. Mining, raising, transportation and exporting of iron ore and manganese ore illegally or without lawful authority in Goa state is being done, the complaint stated.Shetye requested the Panaji PI to file a FIR and furnish a copy of the same to the complainants within 24 hours or the complainants will be forced to approach the magistrate with an application under Section 156(3) of the Cr PC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416511", "title": "Mentally ill girl jumps to death from 5th floor of GMCH", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A teenager girl died after she jumped from the fifth floor of B-Block building of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, amid high drama on Saturday, with people pleading with her to come down. The incident took place around 8am when a sweeper noticed the girl, Aanchal, 16, of Sector 46, climbing the parapet of the fifth floor and raised the alarm.A number of people gathered there, urged her not to jump, but she went ahead. Sudhir Rawat, one of the eyewitnesses, said, \"The girl, who jumped from the fifth floor after eight minutes of being noticed, fell on her head.\" Aanchal, a psychiatric patient, was undergoing treatment at PGI, said her mother Arvinder Kaur. She had been missing since late Friday night and nobody knew when she reached GMCH. Arvinder said, \"Aanchal had been missing from the house since 1am on Friday night and she had intimated the police control room about her disappearance. I got a call from cops around 10am that my daughter had jumped from the fifth floor and was admitted in hospital in a critical condition.\"Aanchal, whose father had passed away one-and-half-years ago, is survived by her mother and two siblings. The body was kept in the mortuary of GMCH and would be handed over to her family after postmortem examination on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415412", "title": "Ganpati celebrations: Local artisans could lose money on clay idols", "text": "NAGPUR: Lord Ganesh will hold on to his plaster of paris (PoP) avatar this year too. With the high court giving a reprieve, the shelves are once again full of lighter and brighter Ganesh figures made in PoP.The worst hit are idol makers of Kumbharpura. In the hope to make a killing this year, they had increased the number of clay idols. \"We make rough and unfinished idols using clay. Artists give it a finish by colouring them,\" says Sumit Mahurkar who now feels these idols will not be able to compete with PoP in terms of looks and price.Those who sell idols procured from Pen say that the fuss is unfounded as the bulk of small idols that come into the city are made of clay. Prashant Atrey, who has been organizing exhibition and sale of Ganpati idols for the last 18 years, says, \"at the moment there are 2200 idols on exhibit at my venue, of which only 200 are of PoP.\" Atrey says in Mumbai and Pune a majority of idols sold are PoP. \"In Nagpur, the buyer is now scared to purchase these as he feels there could be problems on the day of immersion,\" he says.Ban or not, those who sell idols say the demand for clay idols has remained constant. \"The belief that an idol used for worship should be made of natural materials is prescribed in scriptures. Small idols are traditionally made of clay. PoP is used for idols more than two feet high ordered by mandals,\" says Mangesh Ingle, a murtikaar in Chitar oli.The court order has actually pushed the customer more towards clay idols, feels Mangesh Upasani, who is also holding a three-day exhibition and sale of idols from Pen. \"There may not be a ban on selling PoP idol but there is a ban on immersing it in a water body. So the customer is now making it doubly sure he buys a clay idol,\" he says.But it is the buyer who is most bewildered. Shriram Deshpande, a devotee who brings home the Lord for three days, says, \"now god too comes with a statutory warning. This entire fuss could change nothing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata/lucknow/new delhi", "code": "16415318", "title": "Allies shy of pulling trigger, help UPA government survive reform storm", "text": "KOLKATA/LUCKNOW/NEW DELHI: In what can be a potential lifeline for the UPA, the SP and the BSP indicated on Saturday that they were in no mood to pull the trigger on the government for its decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail, despite their professed anger over the reform decisions and protests plans. Talking to reporters in Lucknow, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said that he would not let the big foreign retailers set up shops in UP even as his party joined the plan by other non-Congress outfits to organize a countrywide shutdown to protest against the FDI in retail.However, he deflected the question on whether SP will continue its support to the UPA government by saying that the decision would be taken by Mulayam Singh Yadav. \"The decision to continue or withdraw support to the UPA alliance will be taken by the party's national president Mulayam Singh Yadav ,\" the UP CM told reporters.Significantly, he reiterated SP's objective to keep communal forces at bay: the political alibi that SP has used to bail the UPA government repeatedly out of tricky situations despite their contradictions.BSP leader Mayawati also referred to the \"secular\" logic as she came up with a staggered deadline when reporters asked if she planned to review her support to the UPA government. \"We have extended issue-based support to the UPA to stop communal forces from coming to power, but we do not favour anti-people decisions like the hike in the prices of diesel and LPG and FDI in retail. We demand revocation of these decisions. If UPA fails to do it, we will take the final decision on extending support after our rally on October 9\".The seemingly open-ended response notwithstanding, observers felt that the long window given by her will work to the advantage of UPA's crisis managers, who have time and again proven their ability to bring SP and BSP around just after they appeared to have drifted away.With a combined tally of 43 seats, the two UP players can be an effective buffer against any drastic action by Banerjee. However, there were indications that Trianmool was yet to take a final decision on withdrawing its support to the UPA government.West Bengal CM stayed away from the IIT-Kharagpur's convocation and took to streets at the head of a huge procession which again pointed to her undiminished crowd-pulling ability. \"We don't want to topple the government. At the same time there is a ground rule in coalition politics and one should not cross the Lakshmanrekha,\" she said.Trinamool sources said that Banerjee was yet not decided on ending her support to UPA, and may not go beyond pulling out her ministers from the government in case she feels that her political inaction over the reform measures could work to the advantage of CPM. Her need for a financial package for West Bengal is another reason why she might like to calibrate her response to the provocations from the Centre.With Congress on the cusp of a political breakthrough, its spokesperson Chacko said the resistance from allies posed no crisis to the government. Ruling out a rollback of the reforms measures, he said that Congress president Sonia Gandhi has expressed full support to government's decision on FDI in multi-brand retail. \"The Prime Minister has full support of the party on the issue,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16417007", "title": "Schoolgirl killed in hit-and-run", "text": "VARANASI: Death of a school girl in a road mishap rocked Korra Ghatampur area under Ahraula police station in Azamgarh district where people staged a road block on Saturday morning. According to reports, Sarita (17), a class XI student, was heading towards her college when she was hit by a speeding van near Korra Ghatampur village. She died on the spot while the driver escaped with the van. Angered over the incident, villagers blocked the road. The situation turned normal after intervention of police. The body was sent for post mortem. In another accident, an unidentified woman, around 68 years old, was killed when an auto-rickshaw turned turtle near Gauri Shankar Bazar under Shahganj police station in Sonbhadra district. She died on the spot. Police were trying to ascertain her identity after sending the body for post mortem.Accident: Lakhpati Devi (35), a native of Bada Ulra village under Gopiganj police station in Bhadohi district, was killed when she was run over by a moving train near her village on Saturday morning. According to reports, Lakhpati was mentally disturbed. On Saturday morning she moved towards the railway track. Before her family could find her she had died. Police sent the body for post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16417042", "title": "Students to get tips on public speaking at Birla Institute of Technology, Patna", "text": "PATNA: Students of different city colleges are in for lessons in public speaking and improving leadership skills at the first Toastmasters Club in Bihar that will be inaugurated at Birla Institute of Technology, Patna (BITP), on Sunday. The invited colleges include Indian Institute of Technology, Patna, National Institute of Technology, Patna, National Institute of Fashion Technology, Patna, Chanakya National Law University, Patna Women's College, Central University of Bihar and host BITP.Toastmasters International is a non-profit educational organization that imparts training in public speaking and leadership skills through innovative methods. S L Gupta, director, BITP, will initiate the event where a three-member delegation led by Ayan Pal, an IBM-accreditated learning specialist, would give a demo on the methodology of the club.Patna Women's College: About 240 students of Patna Women's College (PWC) took oath as new members of the Eco Task Force on the eve of Ozone Day on Saturday. Students spoke at length about the causes and impact of ozone depletion and what can be done to minimize its ill effects. Principal Sr Marie Jessie motivated the students to plant trees by narrating the story of Mr Green, a milkman who distributed saplings to his customers to encourage plantation.St Xavier's College of Education: Nibha Kumari of St Xavier's College of Education (89.2%) topped the Magadh University's MEd examination, 2012, followed by Kavita (88.1%) and Asmita (87.7%). The results were declared by MU on Saturday. Among the 24th batch of BEd students, Beena topped with 85.7%, followed by Arun Kumar (84.7%) and Peter (84.6%). All the students of St Xavier's College of Education secured first division with distinction.Problem of terrorism: Ganganath Jha, chairperson, South-East Asian Studies, Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi, discussed the contemporary context of the problem of terrorism in South-East Asian countries at the department of political science, Patna University, on Saturday. Identity crisis of South-East Asian states, cultural linkage of these states with India and the positive role played by Association of South East Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) in promoting the growth of the region were also discussed with PG students.SPIC MACAY: Satwik Veena player Salil Bhatt, on Saturday, enthralled the audience at Taru Mitra, Patna, and Darbhanga House, Patna University, with his musical harmony as a part of 'Virasat 2012' organized by SPIC MACAY, Bihar. While 'alaap' and 'Jor-jhala' in 'Raag Aheer Bhairav' charmed the audience at Taru Mitra, famous 'Raag Megh-Malhaar' recital captivated the students at Darbhanga House. He was accompanied by Prithviraj Mishra on tabla. Picture| P3|Department of Maithili, Patna College: Telugu translation of popular Maithili book 'Khattar Kaka ke Tarang', written by late Harimohan Jha, has been welcomed by Virendra Jha, head, department of Maithili, Patna College. The book, which has elements of humour and satire, has been translated by Lakshmi Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16420715", "title": "'Moral cop' Vasant Dhoble transferred", "text": "MUMBAI: Assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble, who had hit the headlines for his crackdown against pubs and restaurants here, has been transferred out of the social service branch of Mumbai Police.Dhoble will now be ACP at Vakola division in western suburbs of the city. An order to this effect was issued last night by the Maharashtra government's Home department.The ACP was in news for raiding pubs and restaurants which stayed open beyond permissible time limit, armed with hockey stick and camera, and detaining patrons and staff.The drive had invited mixed reactions. Local media had berated Dhoble for his high-handed tactics and curtailing the city's famous night life, but residents in the vicinity of bars and pubs had welcomed his tough stand. Recently, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, addressing a tourism event, had assured that the city will get its night life back.Police Commissioner Satyapal Singh, soon after taking over, had ordered Dhoble to report to the Crime Branch instead of the commissioner directly.Dhoble was also dragged to the Bombay high court by two women, detained by a police team led by him at a restaurant for alleged human trafficking racket.The women claimed that they were educated with a good background and sought compensation from the police for defaming them.The Bombay high court had, however, refused to pass any directions against the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16415926", "title": "SOWS peeved at government delay in shack allocation", "text": "PANAJI: Shack owners who had high expectations from the government's promise of 'Parivartan' for the forthcoming tourism season, are quite disappointed and angry.This was visible at the meeting of Shack owners welfare society (SOWS) - Goa, held in the city on Saturday where the members felt that the government instead of facilitating allocation of shacks early, appeared to be putting spokes causing \"undue delay\".President of SOWS, Cruz Cardozo, said that there was much discussion on the decision of Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) which has recommended that some more time is needed for shacks to be put up otherwise it may lead to sand accretion and beach degeneration.\"If this is the case, then the government should immediately cancel charters scheduled in the next one month and tell the world that they should not visit Goa's beaches,\" Cruz said, wondering why only shack owners were being targeted.General secretary of SOWS John Lobo said that as the state government is promoting '365 day tourism', thousands of tourists are visiting the beach daily, now even during monsoons. \"So, why blame the shacks for sand accretion and beach degeneration?\" he said.\"We are all for preserving and protecting the ecology and if the government is serious about implementing what GCZMA has recommended, then it should not allow tourists visiting Goa's beaches,\" Lobo said.\"We will give a representation to the chief minister on this issue so that the government can go ahead with what needs to be done in view of the GCZMA decision. If the government wants to follow double standards - one for shack owners and the other for tourism in general, then we will have a demonstration outside GCZMA office in Saligao on September 24,\" Cruz announced.This is not the only issue. The shack deposit fee is proposed to be hiked by 1000%, from 5,000 to 50,000 and license fee from 30,000 to 50,000.\"So, we'll have to cough up Rs 1 lakh at the beginning of the season. We suspect that this could be to generate revenue for Ladli Laxmi scheme to some extent,\" Lobo told STOI.Stating that the government wants to reduce the number of deck beds per shack, Lobo said the meeting resolved that they would not accept anything less than 10 pairs of deck beds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16416934", "title": "Tourism projects for coastal states", "text": "MANGALORE: Union ministry of tourism is contemplating on developing infrastructure across an 8,000-km stretch of coastal areas in the nation to attract tourists. Union minister for tourism Subodh Kant Sahay told STOI that coastal states were asked to submit detailed reports on tourism projects that can be implemented on the coast. \"Within a month, we may get reports from states and very soon initiatives will be taken to implement various tourism projects in coastal regions in the nation. We must play with the sea also to tap the tourism potential,\" Sahay said, after inaugurating information centres of Jungle Lodges and Resorts Limited and Kerala Tourism Information at Mangalore Airport, Kenjar near here on Saturday. He said 25 tourism projects were chalked out for the state under special mega tourism project.\"A total of Rs 50 crore has been earmarked for the purpose. Mangalore is a transit centre for Karnataka and Kerala and the economy of the city will get a boost with the introduction of various tourism activities. We are coming out with tourism parks, entertainment parks and cultural activity centres here. Coastal tourism and cultural tourism need to be given prominence,\" he said adding that Karnataka and Kerala can create final destinations for tourism in the nation. \"Tourism is the only sector, which generate more employment. At least 78 people would get job for every investment of Rs 10 lakh in tourism sector,\" he said and added that states should make tourism a economic and political agenda.State minister for tourism Anand Singh and department principal secretary Latha Krishna Rao were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16417247", "title": "Government\u2019s ad blitz ahead of Gujarat, HP polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has unleashed a publicity blitzkrieg for its flagship programme Bharat Nirman in an image makeover exercise ahead of the poll season. The campaign comes close on the heels of UPA-II's new-found decisiveness on policy matters and is pitched at turning attention from recent spurt of scams that have hit the coalition.The campaign that goes with the tag line of \"Bharat Nirman mein haq hai mera'' or development as a right includes print, TV and radio spots that have been directed by filmmaker Pradeep Sarkar. About 10-12 different advertisements have been created in tackling diverse issues like women empowerment, minority rights, sakshaar bharaat, maternity benefit schemes, NREGA among others. The jingle \u2014 sung by Kailash Kher in several languages \u2014 will hit state and regional media in the coming days. The ads are marked by slick production values and snappy dialogues.The campaign is expected to run keeping in view the Gujarat and Himachal polls slated to be held later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16417160", "title": "Opposition adamant on ousting deputy mayor", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Members of the opposition in the corporation council will hold a meeting to discuss the resignation of deputy mayor P T Abdul Latheef on moral grounds in case mayor A K Premajam rejects their demand to hold a council meeting on the issue. The opposition submitted a written letter to the mayor on Friday urging her to convene a meeting in this regard on September 26.It is the fourth time that the opposition is submitting a letter to the mayor seeking the ouster of Abdul Latheef. A vigilance case has been registered against him naming him the second accused in a case related to the allotment of space to set up an ATM counter while he was the deputy mayor in the previous council. The mayor, in her earlier replies, had asked the opposition to move a no-confidence motion against Latheef as the provisions in the Municipality Act does not allow convening a meeting as the issue is pending in court. This time also Premajam may stick to her earlier stand. Opposition leader M T Padma said they had submitted the letter on the basis of section 17(1) of the Kerala Municipality Act 1994.As per that, the mayor should convene a meeting in case one-third of the members in the council submit in writing that a meeting should be convened.\"The opposition will hold the meeting on the basis of Section 7(2) of the Kerala Municipality Act 1994 if the mayor fails to convene a meeting. It says that in case the chairperson does not convene the meeting within three days from the receipt of the notice, then those who served notice can hold the meeting in the absence of the chairperson or the deputy chairperson. And the standing committee chairperson can chair such a meeting,\" she said.Sticking to her earlier taken stand , Mayor A K Premajam said she has the same reply which she already given to earlier letters submitted by the opposition. ``The opposition is pressurising me to violate the law. A discussion on matter pending before the court would result in ``sub judice'' , said the mayor. `` I have earlier given reply referring the section 18(4) of the procedure for moving in the council meeting of the municipal act -1994 which says that it shall not refer or relate to a matter which is under adjudication by a court of law and section 17 (4) of the act that says that it shall not refer to any matter which is pending disposal before a court of law. `` The matter can be discussed in the council under section 19 of the Kerala Municipality rules 1994 which gives provision to move a no-confidence-motion against deputy mayor ,'' said the mayor.Meanwhile, deputy opposition leader K Mohammed Ali said that they are not speaking about the case against the deputy mayor. ``We will knock the door of judiciary if the mayor denies permission this time too,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415964", "title": "State plans to end impasse over NH-34", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government seems to have woken up to problems being faced by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) on the four-lane expansion of NH-34.Chief secretary Samar Ghosh is likely to hold a meeting with senior PWD an other district administration officials on September 19 to sort out the impasse.While work on the stretch between airport to Barasat was stopped midway due to unavailability of land, encroachment issues led to suspension of work at other places in North 24-Parganas and Nadia.\"The chief secretary will hold a meeting tentatively on next Wednesday to discuss the problems,\" said an official.Weeks after the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) informing the state government that they were facing much difficulty on executing the four-laning of national highway-34, chief secretary Samar Ghosh is likely to hold a meeting this week to find out ways and sort out the impasse. The meeting is likely to take place on September 19 where senior PWD an other district administration officials will be present.Work of the highway stretch from Airport to Barasat has stopped midway, due to unavailability of land.There are many stretches of the highway where encroachment has also occurred. Highly placed government officials said that four laning of work of NH-34 was getting obstructed at different places of North 24 Parganas, Nadia and near Dalkhola in North Bengal where the highway culminates. \"On the NH-34 stretch, there are problems of encroachments around Amdanga in North 24 Parganas, in some places of Nadia and places near Dalkhola. A meeting would be chaired by the chief secretary tentatively on next Wednesday to discuss on the problems and find out a way,\" said an official.The highway, starting from Jessore Road stretch in Kolkata and ending at Dalkhola in North Bengal, is among the most important national highways in the state. It passes through the moving throughfive districts of North 24-Parganas, Nadia, Murshidabad, Malda and North Dinajpur and also joins NH-31, leading to Siliguri, at Dalkhola. At Dalkhola, the highway gets connect with NH-31 that goes towards Siliguri.The four laning of NH-34 has been facing trouble for quite a few years now. The project earlier faced trouble as the landlosers were not willing to give over their land, saying that the compensation package was poor. The much touted project to set up a highway parallel to NH 34 from Barasat to Raichak was also stalled due to land acquisition trouble and also widening work on a stretch of NH-35 from Jagulia to Bongaon was stalled due to same problem.This apart, Not only NH 34, there are a few other national highway stretches in the state that are in poor shape for quite some time and need repair work, said highly-placed government officials. All these issues are likely to be discussed in the upcoming meet. A meeting was earlier held at Writers on this issue. One such stretch that was noticed earlier by the government was the stretch from Madarihat to Hasimara of NH 31 C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16417467", "title": "\u2018Mental health helplines work like an emotional band-aid\u2019", "text": "On the morning of September 4, iCALL, the psycho-social and legal helpline mounted by the Tata Institute of Social Services (TISS) was pressed with calls hours before the facility was formally launched. It indicated the urgent need for an accessible counselling service in a country whose mental health requires immediate attention\u2014according to the National Crime Records Bureau, more than one lakh persons committed suicide last year, an increase of 0.7% from the previous year's figure.Research has shown that timely intervention is a crucial deterrent to suicide and a counselling helpline can help solve problems at a preliminary stage. \"India does not have enough services or trained professionals to tend to its mental health,\" points out Professor Sujata Sriram, Chairperson, Centre for Human Ecology at TISS, under whose guidance the helpline was developed. \"Where do people go if they have an issue ? We set up this helpline with the aim of offering it as the first-level service. If callers need, we can refer them to other experts\u2014medical practitioners , other counsellors, clinical psychologists, lawyers and so on.\"While telephone helplines are supposed to serve as secondary support lines, TISS's press note points out that counselling helplines are often the primary means of aid for people in distress. Indeed, Sriram calls them emotional first-aid . In a country where women and the elderly have few opportunities to seek help outside and where social attitudes to mental illness leave much to be desired, helplines are invaluable. Moreover, they don't ask for callers' names or phone numbers and allow them complete anonymity, should they choose it. This is usually an incentive for people to call.Despite being operational for only two weeks, iCALL already receives about 15 calls a day, some of which last over an hour. Sriram makes it known that the call will last until the caller is satisfied and disconnects. \"We're getting many female callers,\" says Anuradha Karigar, coordinator for iCALL. Karigar has some experience in the running of counselling helplines , having helped run SNDT's helpline on adolescent issues. \"Indian helplines usually receive a larger number of men, so this development is encouraging,\" she says. \"We've had a woman call on behalf of her colleague who has marital problems; a mother of an alcoholic called in for counselling; another woman had concerns about the alimony she was getting and how it wouldn't be enough to ensure a good education for her children. We encouraged her to seek out employment but we also helped her with legal advice in the matter of her alimony,\" says Karigar, adding that the helpline is equipped to handle a range of psycho-social issues\u2014domestic violence, sexuality-related problems, loneliness, substance abuse, parental pressure, ragging, suicidal tendencies and so on.Interestingly, what sets iCALL apart from most helplines is its bi-disciplinarity : it addresses psycho-social and legal issues. Although the legal arm of the helpline will become functional only in early October, its counsellors are trained to respond to basic legal inquiries as well. Often , the three are interlinked-\u2014psychological problems that stem from a social context and have legal ramifications . The counsellors are trained in clinical or counselling psychology and have former work experience. The legal advisors have been trained by TISS's School of Law, Rights and Constitutional Governance.Aparna Joshi, a practicing psychotherapist and assistant professor at the Centre for Human Ecology, who has been involved with the project, says that iCALL is an essential service for those who cannot access or afford paid mental health services. \"Even though India has a raft of mental health issues, it is deficient in necessary services ,\" she says. \"The number of trained professionals and the range of services available are disproportionate to the scale of the problem. Services that exist are largely biomedical in nature. But people also need counselling, support groups, advocacy, rehab services and information . Such facilities are scarce even in a metro like Mumbai.\"The line, which is not yet toll-free (although permissions have been sought from the telecom ministry), hopes to soon have national influence although its spread is presently confined to Maharashtra . In fact, the helpline attends calls not only from Mumbai but from Nagpur, Pune and other cities too. Perhaps soon, with the reach of cellular services, people from villages will start calling in as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16420377", "title": "11 Indian fishermen arrested by Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani authorities have arrested 11 Indian fishermen and seized their two boats for allegedly violating the country's maritime boundary, officials said on Sunday.The fishermen were arrested by the Maritime Security Agency while they were allegedly fishing in Pakistani waters, the officials said.They were later sent to a police station in the southern port city of Karachi .Pakistan and India arrest dozens of fishermen every year for violating the maritime boundary.Though the two countries have accelerated the process of releasing jailed fishermen, scores continue to be held in prisons in both countries.On September 11, Pakistan freed 48 Indian fishermen as a goodwill gesture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16417550", "title": "Mamata Banerjee may pull out ministers from UPA", "text": "KOLKATA: The Congress and the Trinamool Congress looked set for a head-on collision on Saturday with Mamata Banerjee refusing to back down on her opposition to the UPA's sudden reforms blitzkrieg and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh backing the measures to the hilt at a Plan panel meet .The Trinamool chief's public posturing is similar to the Left ultimatum to UPA I over the Indo-US civil nuclear deal in 2008. However , unlike the Left, Mamata may just stop short of withdrawing support . \"We don't want to topple the government . At the same time , there is a ground rule in coalition politics and one should not cross the Lakshman rekha . We need reforms but that should reach the poor and the common people ,\" the Trinamool chief saidon Saturday .Significantly ,the chief minister , who had given President Pranab Mukherjee a warm welcome on Friday , stayed away from the IIT convocation programme where she was supposed to share the dais with Mukherjee.Mamata's defiance has triggered a guessing game on the nature of the \"hard decisions \" she would take at the party's parliamentary committee meeting on Tuesday in case the Congress doesn't buckle under pressure by then .In comments that were interpreted in political circles to mean that she might pulloutof the ministry and offer support to the UPA government from outside like the Samajwadi Party , Mamata said : \"We are the second largest ally in the coalition. But look at the central ministry .We have only railways . Saugatada , Sudipda are all ministers of state though we are supposed to get four Cabinet berths . We have never hankered for Cabinet berths .\"According to Trinamool sources , Mamata has reasons to believe that the tally isn't going to improve much in the coming reshuffle of the Union Cabinet in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16416776", "title": "Cops solve Vadodara robbery with prize catch", "text": "KANPUR: Kohna police area on Friday arrested a man listed among Vadodara police's top ten most wanted criminals from Ganga Barrage.Vivek Singh, a native of Mainpuri district, earlier worked as a security guard and carries a reward of Rs 10,000 on his head. He was apprehended when he had come to the district with the alleged intention of committing a crime. With his arrest, DIG Amitabh Yash said, a case lodged in January involving robbery of Rs 22 lakh from the farm house of Narendra Bhai Patel in Vadodara has been solved. A 315 bore pistol with live cartridges and an empty cartridge have reportedly been seized from Singh's possession.Murderous trio awarded lifer: District and session Judge Kanpur Nagar OP Verma on Saturday sentenced three persons, including a couple convicted in a murder case, to life imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5,000 each. Those sentenced include Balram alias Bala, his wife Kanti Devi, and Ganga Ram alias Gange, all residents of Sarsaiya Ghat in Civil Lines locality. Additional district government counsel Abhimanyu Sachan said that on the morning of February 25, 2002, the three accused persons had waylaid Vinod Kumar, a resident of the same locality, near Sarsaiya Ghat and thrashed him brutally with an iron rod and sticks. Kumar's brother Amod Kumar Tiwari, the complainant, took him to the hospital where he succumbed to the injuries.The government counsel said the reason behind the assault was a land dispute in which Vinod was resisting the trio's attempts to raise a temporary boundary wall.Bail granted: Special chief judicial magistrate of Kanpur City on Saturday granted bail to all six youths who had been arrested on Monday for hurling stones at the police near Bajaria police station. Granting the bail, the presiding judge asked them to furnish two sureties of Rs 20,000 each and a personal bond of the same amount. The youths were among thousands who had gathered at Bajaria police station after a local news paper reported that film star Salman Khan was visiting the police station to shoot for the film 'Dabangg 2'.The crowd went out of control when they came to know that it was a rumour and turned to stone pelting, creating a riot-like situation. The police used force to disperse the crowd and caught the six accused, Akash Prajapati, Chand alias Shahzad, Vishal Gupta, Salman Khan and Mehtab Alam, all residents of Colonelganj locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16415569", "title": "'50% newborns are underweight in border districts'", "text": "JAISALMER: Where on the one hand, the whole nation is celebrating nutrition week from September 1 to 7, at the same time, in many districts of Rajasthan, the level of nutrition among women is very poor despite several government schemes in place. In border districts, nearly 50% children weigh less that 2.5kg at birth and figures of death of infants within a month of birth are also increasing.From April 1 to August 31, 54 newborns died within a month of their birth, majority of them were girls. It is very likely that the reason behind some of these deaths could be malnourished mothers.Undernourished women give birth to underweight children. Even though the health department is running many schemes for providing better nutrition to the women but the situation continues to be bad. A senior officer of medical and health department also confirmed that 50% of the children in the district are born underweight. From April 1 to July 31, around 4,353 children were born out of which 2,098 children weighed between 1.5kg and 2.5kg and the weight of 101 children was less than 1.5kg. This means 2,199 children were born underweight.Sources said that from April 1 to August 31, 54 newborns, a week to four weeks old, died. Malnutrition is the biggest reason of such early deaths. Sources said in many villages, a special community kills its newborn girls after birth and the evil continues to this day. In the last few months, around half a dozen cases of suspicious death of newborn girls came to light.In some cases, the bodies of newborns were dug out, postmortem was conducted and the viscera was sent to FSL for investigation.District collector Shuchi Tyagi said the root of the problem was malnutrition. In rural areas, the women are anemic and deficient in many other nutrients.An anemia control programme and nutrition statement programme are being started in which the haemoglobin of the rural women would be measured. Women with low hemoglobin will be provided proper nourishment and medicines by ANMs and anganwadi workers. Women will be encouraged to include green leafy vegetables in their daily diet, she added.Jaisalmer: Atleast 50% children being born in border districts of the state are less than 2.5 kg in weight and figures of death of children within one month of birth has also increased. Experts say that the issue stems from malnutrition amongst women here.From April 1 to August 31, 54 children have died within a month of their birth with the number of girl children in them being more. Experts say that in many districts of Rajasthan the physical condition of women is not good due to lack of nutrition. Lack of green vegetables in food and not taking rich diet in rural areas are also the reason of birth of underweight children.Although the health department is running many schemes at the government level for providing nutrition to women but despite this children born are malnourished. According to a senior officer of medical and health department in Jaisalmer from April 1 to July 31, 4353 children were born out of which 2098 children weighted between 1.5 kg and 2.5 kg and weight of 101 children was less than 1.5 kg.The official pointed out that between April 1 to August 31, 54 newborn children died who were within a week to 4 weeks of their birth. He however pointed out that reason of these deaths could also be diseases. But the biggest reason is birth of malnourished children,\" he said.Sources said that there are many villages in the district, where in a special community, the girl children are killed after birth and even today this social evil continues. In last few months, around half a dozen cases of suspicious death of newborn girl children came to light and there was also complaint that a few of them were killed after birth.In few cases, the bodies of the newborn were dug out and postmortem were conducted and viscera were sent to FSL for investigation. District collector Shuchi Tyagi confirming about the maximum number of low birth weight being born in the district said the root of this problem is malnutrition.In rural areas the women have less hemoglobin due to which they become the victims of malnutrition. As the women themselves are less weight as the result the child taking birth too is of low weight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16416189", "title": "EC wants details of candidate's pending cases", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Election Commission of India (ECI) has demanded that prospective candidates in the forthcoming state assembly polls furnish details of all the pending criminal cases against them in which cognizance has been taken by the court. This is irrespective of the quantum of punishment and framing of charges.In the latest communication to the poll machinery in election-bound states, ECI underlined that the affidavit to be filed by the candidates will not be in any other format except the revised and amended Form 26 that was circulated by the Commission last month.This is the first time that candidates would be required to paste passport size photographs on this form which will subsequently be put up on ECI's website. In earlier elections contestants had to fill up two forms revealing information about their wealth and assets along with court cases pending against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16416754", "title": "For second day, anti-US protesters hit the streets", "text": "CHENNAI: Anti-US protests continued for the second day in Chennai on Saturday, affecting normal life in some parts. Traffic was thrown out of gear between 10am and 1pm on Anna Salai after agitators blocked the road near Thousand Lights. Meanwhile, police arrested eighteen people in connection with the attack on the US consulate here on Friday.The back-to-back incidents raised concerns about growing polarization in the city. Extremist rhetoric has rarely manifested in violence and vandalism in the city, as it has in other metros.Significantly, while the film 'Innocence of Muslims' has drawn criticism from all sections across the country, it has not led to violent protests in other metros, which have much larger Muslim populations.Police said they had information that more protests would be held on Tuesday.On Saturday, at least 2,000 cadres of the Tamil Nadu Touheed Jamaath (TNTJ), including 500 women, gathered outside the Thousand Lights mosque on Peters Road, a couple of hundreds of metres from the US consulate, at 10am. The protesters, who were denied permission to march towards the consulate, shouted slogans against the film, which allegedly mocked Prophet Muhammed. \"We want the film banned all over the world and the film director arrested,\" a cadre holding the TNTJ flag shouted.As more cadres congregated on Peters Road, vehicular movement came to a standstill on Anna Salai and other parallel roads. Some protesters threw footwear at US President Barack Obama's picture. When vehicles carrying more protesters got stuck on Whites Road, Peters Road and Lloyds Road, they started walking towards the mosque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415671", "title": "LIC Colony fears for its seniors", "text": "MUMBAI: The murder of 65-year-old Navraj Kwatra in Borivali's LIC colony has sent shockwaves among residents of the quiet locality. An idyllic place dotted with trees, LIC Colony is thickly populated with families who have lived there for years. It also has a sizeable population of senior citizens who live with their families and some even alone. Though petty crime keeps residents on their toes, a murder in their neighbourhood has shocked them.Joseph Pinto, a resident and manager of various housing societies in the area, said that for the first time, residents are scared of moving around in the locality. \"The murder has left most people scared. Many senior citizens who had been going out for evening walks are suddenly scared that someone with a sinister intent may be observing them,\" Pinto said. \"The colony used to be the safest place, but now things are changing.\" Pinto said that security in buildings is an issue that needs to be handled more effectively.Another LIC resident, Hazel Grover, agreed. Grover, who has grown up in the colony, said that many buildings do not have security guards. \"There is no one to monitor who comes and goes. Though some buildings now have watchmen, many don't. That leaves residents vulnerable. Now people are worried about stalkers in the area. I fear for my children's safely.\"Another said that since many senior citizens live in the area, the murder has generated concerns over their safety. \"Old people have to be more careful as they are becoming more vulnerable to attacks from robbers or others who may harm for lure of money. LIC used to be a haven. But with changing times, all senior citizens in the city living on their own are vulnerable and need special protection form building societies,\" another LIC resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "holistic education, inclusiveness, competitiveness... how much do you teach a child in school? bangalore-based indus international school has been attempting all this and more. it bagged the number one position in the international school category in the education world india school rankings 2012. principal sarojini rao charts the path. excerpts", "code": "16417329", "title": "There are no good or bad students", "text": "Holistic education, inclusiveness, competitiveness... how much do you teach a child in school? Bangalore-based Indus International School has been attempting all this and more. It bagged the number one position in the international school category in the Education World India School Rankings 2012. Principal Sarojini Rao charts the path. Excerpts:International schools are a new phenomenon. Will they create global citizens of our children?It's not about a school being international. It's about the vision of the school and its implementation. A school can fol low the state syllabus and still be international in its approach \u2014 providing holistic education, inclusiveness, leadership, teacher development and partnership with parents are some factors. International Baccalaureate (IB) mandates these be built into the curriculum. The IB curriculum does not have watertight compartments like the national curriculum; they are broad inter- and trans-disciplinary A Science major student can take History as a subject That's why international schools are attractive for parents of this generation. Education is about preparing a child for life.What's special about Indus International that helped it top the list?Leadership is the central idea of this institute. We have a leadership curriculum which is as structured as any other subject. Every child from the age of three is taught to set goals, problem-solving , decision-making , critical thinking resilience and are given real time innovative projects. A seven-day leadership camp is conducted every year. We have partnership with parents whose feedback is used for continuous improvement. Teachers go through a continuous development programme at the Indus Training and Re search Institute. Community service is an integral part of our curriculum. There are no bad students. It's about how you deal with them. We make good students the best.International schools are for the elite. How do they prepare children to be better involved in the country?We have a series of community service programmes. We want to prove to the elite that the poor can do the same things the rich can. Opportunity is the only thing they lack. They are sensitized, and taught to realize it's not the money they inherit from their parents that matters. There's nothing wrong in being rich We are just making them better human beings. I can al ready see the difference in our children.What does community service include?We run a community school in the neighbourhood, where our children give academic and extra-curricular support. They are now on a project to naturally air-condition the school Our children run three remote learning centres. They are into women empowerment and imparting lessons to mothers There is a tie-up with Narayana Hrudayalaya, we've revived primary health centres and adopted an orphanage.Can the government alone do justice to the education system? What is the role of private players?We, as citizens and educators have a role to play. Education is not just the government's responsibility. Private players are good in service sectors like health and education. There should be a law to get private and social sectors to contributeIs RTE quota an answer? Many mainstream schools were against it...Right to Education is the first step towards it. We have always welcomed RTE. It's one of the ways through which we can impart quality education to the poor. Our prep class has eight children who are coping very well with the school atmosphere. We believe RTE should go up to Grade 12. In fact, the government should appoint a committee to ensure that assimilation of these children into the mainstream is smoothWhat changes are you advocating in classroom teaching with technology advancement?In our school, every child has a laptop. The teacher should not teach what Google can, and do homework before coming to class. A teacher's role has changed. They should be teaching creativity, critical thinking, imparting values and enhancing self-learning There should be discussion and reflection. Government schools can also adopt this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16416244", "title": "Owner of boutique caught in fracas over parking in Vastrapur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 40-year old woman was assaulted by a youth on Friday morning over parking after which she filed two complaints with Vastrapur police. Police arrested the owner of an eatery and a worker involved in the incident on Saturday.According to police investigators, Jigna Shah, 40, a resident of Mahavir Apartment in Paldi, owns Rave Boutique at Orchid Plaza on Judges Bungalow Road. As per her complaint, she headed to the parking lot of the plaza on Friday morning when she found that her car was obstructed by a bike. She moved the bike to take the car out when a youth came out of an eatery situated in the basement and started abusing her.\"She asked him not to use expletives and to take the bike away. He got enraged and entered into a scuffle with her. As per her complaint, the man also pushed the bike on her due to which she sustained injuries on her legs. She then called the police. The youth was identified as Hasmukh Sangani,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Shah later filed another complaint against the eatery. As per her complaint, the shop used domestic LPG cylinders for preparing food that is against the law. A team visited the spot on Saturday and found four cylinders. The cylinders were seized and the owner, Dipak Rajput was booked for the incident. As per the law, the commercial establishments have to use only commercial LPG cylinders with blue paint. \"She had also mentioned in her complaint that there were frequent incidents of eve-teasing by the hotel staff. Questioning is on to know the owner's version,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16417420", "title": "Amend Karnataka Municipal Corporation Act or all BBMP engineers will land in jail: Karnataka Engineers\u2019 Federation", "text": "BANGALORE: On Saturday, the Karnataka Engineers' Federation (KEF), representing 25,000 odd engineers from various departments and corporations came up with an unusual demand before chief minister Jagadish Shettar: Amend the Karnataka Municipal Corporation Act, 1976 and save the 480 BBMP engineers from criminal cases and going to jail.\"In Bangalore city, where everything comes under BBMP there is violation in virtually every house. But engineers or officials are being blamed for that. There is pressure at all levels which led to this situa tion. People are also equally re sponsible for this. Instead of fil ing criminal cases, the Act should be amended so that penalty can be imposed where norms have been flouted. This will ensure that people do not repeat such mistakes. Engi neers, who have to discharge other duties like building roads and bridges, cannot be expect ed to keep a watch on each and every house,\" said M Nagaraj KEF president, on the occasion of the 152nd birthday celebra tions of Sir M V Visvesvaraya.The federation also submit ted memorandum to Shettar demanding that the Engineers Day function be organized as a government function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16415838", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi: Delay in festival causes shortages in Matoli items", "text": "MAPUSA: There is a strong possibility of scarcity of some items used for the Matoli during the forthcoming Ganesh festival.Matoli is a wooden canopy containing forest items like seasonal flowers, fruits, roots, leaves and creepers and is placed over the idol of Lord Ganesh.The reason for the shortage of items is late celebrations of the festival due to the Adhika Masa (additional month in the Hindu calendar). Since forest items used for Matoli normally blossom at their usual time of late August or early September, some of them have withered away by now. As a result there will be a shortage when Ganesh is celebrated on September 19.Besides this, as the supply may not meet the demand the prices are likely to shoot up.Hindu tradition always has a special place for plants and animals. Making of a Matoli gives an opportunity for the preservation of ecological heritage.The forest items used for the Matoli have blossomed at their usual time but the Ganesh celebrations this year are delayed by a month because of the Adhika Masa. Normally the Ganesh celebrations are in the month of August end or beginning of September.Plants that are used for Matoli are collected from forests and include a variety having ethnomedical importance. They include Waghnakhi (Gloriosa superba) Karmal (Terminalia arjuna) Kangla (Terminalia chebula), Haran vegetation, Tirdo, etc.As these plants are seasonal, they yield fruits only in the midle of Shravan and Bhadrapad months of the Hindu calendar.\"The haran vegetation used for Matoli is perishing. We used to get loads of these in certain areas of the forest and used to sell them and make some money for Ganesh festival. This year the vegetation is less in quantity and it is on its way out,\" said Parvati Naik a Matoli item vendor.\"As these plants have religious importance, we need them for Matoli, without which we consider the pooja and other celebrations as incomplete, we may have to pay just a little more this year to get them,\" said Prakash Naik.The Matoli also consists of fruits made of wood like banana, apple, watermelon etc. After the final pooja, just before the immersion, some fruits are offered to the purohit (priest) who offers the pooja and also distributed among the devotees during immersion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415608", "title": "22 Ulhasnagar garment shops burgled", "text": "MUMBAI: As many as 22 garment shops were burgled on Friday night from the Sai Gurumukhdas Arcade Shopping Centre in Ulhasnagar 5. Thieves broke the shutters of all the shops and took away cash kept in the shops. This is the second incident in the last eight months. In January, thieves in a similar modus operandi had burgled 16 shops in Ulhasnagar in a single night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16417218", "title": "Don't dump cartons, they can be recycled", "text": "BANGALORE: A whopping 1 lakh tetra pak cartons were collected by student volunteers at Phoenix Mall, Whitefield, as part of Project Search (Sensitization, Education and Awareness on Recycling for a Cleaner Habitat), an environment education programme driven by The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI).The 'Cartons to Classrooms' initiative brought the city together to target collecting 1 lakh tetra pak cartons for recycling into furniture that will be donated to an underprivileged school. Participants came out by the hundreds to support the cause at a two-day event.Leading environmentalist and polar explorer Robert Swan, who entered the venue on a bicycle to spread the message of sustainability said: \"Having visited landfills and studied the paper waste stream in India, I know the importance of educating people that tetra pak cartons are 100% recyclable. As the cartons are made primarily of paper, they need to be segregated for recycling.\"A 20-foot tall mega structure in the shape of a tetra pak carton was constructed in the mall on Saturday to hold the cartons collected by the students and other participants. Students from leading city schools staged street plays and screened films themed around sustainability and proper waste management to highlight the importance of recycling cartons.Now in its fourth year, Project Search aims at sensitizing students about proper waste management and the importance of practicing sustainable lifestyles. Around 30,000 students have been part of the programme in the city.Ranjana Saikia, director, Educating Youth for Sustainable Development, TERI, said, \"The future of our country lies in the most dynamic segment of our society - our youth. With this in mind, the 'Cartons to Classrooms' initiative under Project Search aims at building awareness on carton recyclability. The carton collection drive is for a good cause and will benefit students of underprivileged schools.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16414967", "title": "Bhusawal trader duped of Rs 22.35 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: Wadi police booked two persons for duping a businessman from Bhusawal of Rs 22.35 lakh.Gulludas Chhajad wanted to buy three tipper trucks for which he contacted broker Nasir Khan of Bhusawal to find a suitable dealer. In July, a city dealer informed Khan about the trucks.Within a few days, Chhajad with his friend Mahesh Nagori came to the city. Two youths, Nitin Vishwas and Vishnu Newale took Chhajad and Nagori to the finance company yard in Wadhamna and showed them three vehicles.Chhajad finalized the deal for Rs 22.35 lakh and handed over a demand draft of Rs 2 lakh to Vishwas.After a week, Chhajad came to city and gave another DD of the remaining amount. Vishwas immediately withdrew the cash from a private bank in Ballarpur.A few days later, Chhajad contacted Vishwas regarding the delivery of trucks but in vain. Suspecting foul play, Chhajad enquired about the trucks and learnt that they were sold to another dealer and that the company had seized them.He immediately approached Wadi police and filed a police complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16416830", "title": "Traders to meet labour minister on cess", "text": "NASHIK: As the deadlock over the recovery of labour cess continues, the Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) is planning to send a delegation of its office-bearers to meet the state labour minister Hasan Mushrief in the next week to sort out the issue.Industrial associations have been accusing the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) of recovering labour Cessincorectly, including from industries registered under the Labour Act. Despite AIMA and Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) raising the issue on several occasions at the Zilla Udyog Mitra (ZUM) meeting of the issue has been far from settled.Speaking to TOI, AIMA president Suresh Mali said, \"The way MIDC is recovering labour cess is completely wrong. Companies under the Factory Act have been excluded, but MIDC recovers cess in blanket fashion. The labour department has clarified that companies under the Factory Act are not applicable to pay cess. We are now planning to meet the state labour minister next week to settle theissue,\" he said.The former district collector P Velarasu, had instructed an examination of how MIDC recovered the cess But no action had been taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415697", "title": "Traders slam revised shop act licence", "text": "PUNE: The revised format of shop act licence, which is required while starting a business, has drawn a lot of flak from small and medium traders and businessmen in the city.The members of the action committee formed by traders have alleged that the government was getting closer to corporate retail players at the cost of small and traditional businessmen.Another action committee has been formed at the state level, and is headed by city-based trader Ajit Sethiya, who is also chairman of the Poona Merchants' Chamber. The merchants have called for a meeting in the city on Monday to discuss their future course of action.Addressing a news conference here on Friday, Sethiya said, \"The shop act is meant to keep a record of businessmen and their activities. The revised form has 150 questions that have to be answered. It is also mandatory to submit the full information online. A hairdresser or a small shop owner, who does not have internet connection cannot meet these requirements.\"The merchants' body has claimed that the existing acts and directives of other state departments, such as labour, women and child development and social security, were repeated in the shop act, which was unnecessary. It's a waste of time to provide the same information to different departments of the state government, Sethiya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415725", "title": "5 years to deliver 24x7 water supply: Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation chief", "text": "PUNE: The plan to provide 24 x 7 water supply to Pimpri Chinchwad appears a distant dream as the municipal corporation has many problems to counter, including replacement of old pipelines. While the corporation is working on a scheme which will benefit a few hundred residents, implementing it for the entire city is a huge task.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said the civic body will need three to five years to implement the 24 x 7 water supply project. \"There are a number of problems that need to be addressed before the scheme can be implemented successfully,\" he said.The civic body can start the scheme now, but it will be a failure as there are very old pipelines in the gaothan areas of the city where water leakages will occur in large numbers, he said. \"The civic body needs to construct all the elevated storage reservoirs (ESR) planned in the city for providing water to all parts. We must complete the work of laying a pipeline from Nigdi to Krishnanagar which is stalled due to land acquisition problems,\" he said. There are 59 ESRs and 25 more are expected to be constructed.The civic body has started the pilot project in Yamunanagar in Nigdi. \"We need to learn lessons so that we can implement the 24x7 water supply project through various phases and cover the entire city,\" he said.The civic body supplies 420 to 425 MLD water to 17.5 lakh population. Water is lifted from Pavana river at Ravet village. The civic body also wants to ensure equitable distribution of water. Pardeshi said that as per norms, the civic body must supply 135 litres of water per person per day. However, this is not happening. In some areas, citizens are getting more water, while in other areas the water supply is less. For sorting out this problem, the civic body will first increase the water supply timings.35,000 water meters missing in PCMC areasPune: About 35,000 water meters purchased by the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation five years ago are missing. Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi has ordered an inquiry into the purchase and installation of water meters.The civic body had purchased 1.39 lakh water meters at a cost of Rs 37 crore during the tenure of former municipal commissioner Dilip Band. The meters had been installed by the civic administration, although a large section of people were against them. The PCMC had allotted a contract to a private company for the work of installation of water meters, repairs and maintenance. The work of distribution of water bills was also given to the company, but withdrawn, later.Executive engineer Sharad Jadhav said, \"There are 1.04 lakh authorised water connections in the city which have installed water meters in three phases from 2006-10. There are around 26,000 citizens who have not installed water meters in the city.\"Citizens' group Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti has demanded a detailed inquiry into the meter purchase and installation work. Samiti president Manav Kamble alleged a scam. An amnesty scheme for citizens who have not paid their water charges over the last two to five years was introduced. Citizens yet to pay their dues are required to install water meters at their own cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16416914", "title": "Husband, inlaws educated about various stages", "text": "LUDHIANA: From being a women-only domain to now a family space, ante-natal classes in the city have graduated to the next level. Dr Vaneet Kaur, head of the department of gynaecology of a private hospital in Sherpur Chowk says: \"Pregnancy can bring a lot of restrictions for the mother-to-be. This is when antenatal classes help both husband and wife cope with the change in their lives. In an encouraging trend in city, now husbands and mothers-in-law attend these classes with the mother-to-be,\" she says. Neonatologist Dr Ashwani Singal adds, \"I educate expecting mothers about the importance of breast feeding \u2014 how the mother needs to prepare for it, how to feed the baby, techniques to ensure the baby gets all she needs. We also spell out its long-term and short-term advantages to the mother and baby.\" Childbirth educator and nutritionist at a private hospital in Model Town, Neha Aggarwal says, \"We have designed a special session in our antenatal course for family members. Here, the husband and his family members are educated about various stages of pregnancy and more importantly, infant care.\" Dr Promilla Jindal, head of department of gynaecology at a Tagore Nagar hospital, also provides antenatal care information to pregnant women and their attendants. She says, \"We provide individual classes for would-be mothers and her family members to help them in their journey from being husband and wife into becoming parents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16420975", "title": "FDI in retail: Govt will have to go, JD(U) says", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the row between the government and the opposition on FDI in multi-brand retail and diesel price hike escalating, JD-U on Sunday hit out at Prime Minister Minister Manmohan Singh, saying his government will have to go for this \"dangerous venture\".Claiming that the coordinated agitation by non-UPA parties against these policies on September 20 will culminate in the \"ouster of this government\", party president Sharad Yadav expressed confidence that UPA constituent Trinamool Congress and outside supporters Samajwadi Party and Bahuhan Samaj Party will also not back the government on these measures.Drawing parallels of the government's move with the Emergency, Yadav said that while Indira Gandhi had opened the locks put during the Emergency in 1975 after two years, \"what Manmohan Singh is doing is trying to close the employment opportunities of crores of Indians and this lock cannot be opened once FDI in multi-brand retail is in.\"Targeting the Prime Minister, he said that Singh, who used to work for the World Bank, \"should go back to the World Bank. So should Montek Singh Ahluwalia, the deputy chairman of Planning Commission. We do not need them\".Yadav also appealed to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi to \"get rid of the Prime Minister, Ahluwalia and finance minister P Chidambaram\" alleging that they are \"contributing further in increasing the problem of hunger\" in the country instead of solving the core problems.Asked how sure was he of the support of Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee , who had given on Friday a 72-hour ultimatum to the government on the issue, Yadav said,\" She never gives fake threats\".The JD-U chief said that the opposition would not have been able to stall FDI in mutli-brand retail in the past as well had Banerjee not \"backed\" them in protests against the move.\"We would not have succeeded in stalling FDI in multi-brand retail in past as well had she not got involved in stopping it with all the strength then,\" Yadav said.SP, along with a number of other non-UPA parties including BJP, have decided to hold coordinated agitational programmes on September 20 against these measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16421147", "title": "Lady Gaga inked inside giant bottle at lavish perfume launch", "text": "Lady Gaga spent 1 million pounds to mark the launch of her \"blood and semen\" perfume, where she got herself a tattoo of a flying cherub inside a giant bottle in front of onlookers.The 26-year-old singer appeared in a giant scent bottle - a replica of her Fame fragrance bottle - for the launch at the Guggenheim Museum in Manhattan, Sky News reported.For the occasion she was dressed in a sparkly top, skirt and red wig.The pop star, whose real name is StefGermanotta, then stripped down to her lingerie and posed while having the tattoo of a winged cherub done at the back of her shaved head.The eccentric singer then applied makeup and played on an iPad inside the bottle, where she was joined by four others.While she was being tattooed, Edith Piaf was played in the background, as did David Bowie's 'Fame' and various others songs that featured Kanye West.After getting her tattoo done - she danced in her seat - as West's latest hit 'Mercy' was blasted in the background.\"Fame is the first ever black eau de parfum,\" Lady Gaga said, while talking about the scent.\"So it's black inside the bottle and then, once you spray it, it's clear and it's beautiful and it's exciting to be a part of innovative project with some great people.\"\"It's a quite delicious, succulent, slutty, seductive fragrance,\" she added.The 'Judas' singer took time out between the Manchester and Dublin legs of her 'Born This Way Ball' tour to fly by private jet back to her hometown of New York to launch the scent.According to the Sun, she later made an appearance at Macy's department store in a horse-drawn carriage that was in the shape of a bottle of Fame.Her sculpted black \"dress\" also looked like her perfume bottle.And her shoes looked straight out of Gary Glitter's wardrobe.A few hundred people mostly dressed with eye masks and headgear attended the masquerade black tie museum event.Yoko Ono , Marc Jacobs , Paris Hilton , Jason Wu and Lindsay Lohan were the celebrities that attended the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16415461", "title": "6 killed in Ghaziabad unrest", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The magnitude of the violence in the Masuri area of Ghaziabad on Friday became evident on Saturday when the police announced that six persons, including two minors, had been killed and about 12 injured when people clashed with the police and torched the Masuri police station. Three of those who died had bullet injuries. Asked whether the bullets had been fired by the police, SSP Prashant Kumar said it would be \"premature\" to conclude that without a probe.The police have registered two FIRs, one for defacing a religious book and the other for the clashes. It claimed that more than 80 vehicles had been torched by the rioters. Several mediapersons covering the clashes had been beaten up and chased over a long distance. Many cameras were smashed. A radius of 2 km from the police station had been captured by the rioters. The mob had even looted some commuters. Only by late Friday night could some order be restored on NH-24.The state government has ordered a probe by the Meerut Range commissioner. Section 144 was imposed in the sensitive areas of Masuri and Dasna situated along the Delhi-Moradabad National Highway-24.The deceased have been identified as Amir (16), Wahid (18), Hyatt (35), Luqman (13), Wasim (18) and Asif (18).Ghaziabad violence: 2 cops battle for lifeTwo police personnel are battling for their lives in hospital after being injured in the violence in the Masuri area of Ghaziabad on Friday. They were identified as head constable Roop Chand and constable Ramesh Chand. \"Out of six persons, three persons died of bullet injuries, including one minor who got one bullet in his leg and could not get medical treatment on time. Two others died when they were hit with blunt objects,\" SSP Prashant Kumar told TOI.At a joint briefing with Ghaziabad district magistrate Aparna Upadhyay, the SSP confirmed that some locals had found a defaced religious book and gone to Masuri police station in the evening to file a complaint. \"Along with them, some bad elements also entered the police station around 6:30 pm. When the police was holding talks with them, hundreds of armed men barged in. Some went up to the terrace while many surrounded the police station. It was a horrible sight. The rioters brutally thrashed the policemen, pelted stones and set vehicles on fire,\" the DM said.A senior cop said: \"The chain of events indicate the rioting, attack on police and other things did not occur all of a sudden but was a result of a well thoughtout and planned conspiracy.\"According to Meerut divisional commissioner Mrityunjay Narayan, the state government has announced a compensation of Rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased and Rs 50000-1 lakh for those with grievous injuries.On Saturday, Shahi Imam Bukhari of Delhi's Jama Masjid tried to reach the spot but was stopped at the UP gate near Indirapuram. Meanwhile, heavy police and paramilitary forces, have been deployed. \"A team of police and admistration is keeping a close tab on the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16421709", "title": "Fashion is all about keeping it simple: Sameera Reddy", "text": "... says actor Sameera Reddy, who believes in sporting something comfortable yet fashionableHer last release 'Tezz' might not have raked the moolah in the BO, but there are other things that keeps actor Sameera Reddy busy. The actor, who is currently shooting for the Kannada film 'Varadhanayaka', where she does a special role opposite namma Sudeep, says she loves travelling and breathes fashion! We've seen her scorch the ramp on fire and her sense of style is visible at award function et all. In fact, the leggy lasso is rarely spotted for making fashion faux pas. We could well call sexy Sam as one stylish celebrity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16416493", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation okays release of first instalment of development grant", "text": "LUCKNOW: The executive committee of the Lucknow Municipal Corporation on Saturday gave its nod to release of first instalment of development grant of Rs 10 lakh each to the newly elected 110 corporators. The instalment may be used for development/maintenance works in their respective wards. The grant comes in the backdrop of burgeoning revenue deficit of Rs 200 crore that the LMC continues to carry on. City mayor and chairperson of the committee Dinesh Sharma said that it was a long pending demand of the corporators, as they could not begin their work in the absence of funds. The city has been facing a host of crisis this summers as civic work remained affected, essentially in the absence of municipal session and then due to poll code.The committee, at the same time, also decided to constitute a special anti-encroachment squad to check the menace of encroachment. For this, the committee will be writing to the state government.Amongst other decisions, the executive committee constituted a four-member committee to examine the new advertising policy. It also decided to set a deadline of December 31 for people to get their house tax assessed. The committee, meanwhile, asked the officials to get the unauthorised water connections regularised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16415547", "title": "Viral fever, pneumonia cases on the rise", "text": "JAIPUR: After heavy spells of rains, the city is under the grip of viral fever and pneumonia. The medicine wards of Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital are almost completely full with fever cases, which forced the hospital to open a separate medicine ward.Private clinics and hospitals, government dispensaries and hospitals are also witnessing a deluge of patients with complaints of fever. Government district and satellite hospitals, including Kanwatia and Jaipuria, have registered an increase of 20%-25% such patients. In SMS hospital, the situation is even worse.Due to the heavy rains, the environment is conducive for spread of viral fever.\"After rains, the cases of viral fever always increase. We have instructed the officials to provide treatment. The fever takes maximum time of seven days to be cured,\" health director Dr B R Meena said.SMS hospital spokesperson Dr Rakesh Sharma said, \"The hospital witnesses an increase of 20% to 25% patients. This is due to increase in cases of diseases like viral fever, pneumonia, stomach ailments and vector-borne diseases like malaria and dengue.\"But, the cause of concern for the hospital administration is the sudden increase in the number of patients with viral fever. \"In indoor wards of the medicine unit, there is an increase in patients being admitted. Around 50% to 60% of indoor patients admitted are cases of viral fever,\" Dr Sharma said.In view of the increase in number of such patients, the hospital has opened a separate ward in Bangar division to admit fever patients. The move is to ensure that patients do not face any difficulty, a hospital administration official said.Jaipuria hospital principal medical officer Dr V D Sharma said, \"Patients with viral fever have increased manifold. We are providing the best possible treatment to such patients.\"Swine flu patient diesAn 18-year-old person died of swine flu in a private hospital in Jaipur on Saturday morning. The patient was a resident of Nawalgarh area of Jhunjhunu district. He was brought to the hospital in serious condition on Friday but died a day after while undergoing treatment. In the last one week, the SMS hospital has admitted three swine flu patients. This is the second swine flu death this year in the state. A 48-year-old had died of swine flu in government hospital Kota recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16416878", "title": "Prank calls put fire fighting staff on tenterhooks", "text": "BELGAUM: While blank calls by mischievous people are quite common at the police control room, even the fire department is not spared of the nuisance. Fire service emergency number 101 continuously keeps buzzing, creating unnecessary anxiety among the department personnel. Also the always-busy number blocks the line for genuine callers, who could fail to get timely help during emergency.Blank calls have turned a nightmare for the staff at the Belgaum district fire station. The 101 number keeps ringing all the time. Though the staff know that most of the calls are fake, they cannot ignore a single call lest it could be a genuine emergency call.Realistically, except during summer when fire accidents are common, the fire station gets hardly any genuine calls on other days. Even during summer about 3-4 calls per day are genuine. Rest of the calls all through the year are nothing but pranks, played by mischievous people, especially children and youth.\"We can't neglect any calls. So when we rush to take calls, we find ourselves in an awkward situation. The prank callers, who are usually teenagers and youths, speak in an abusive language and go on non-stop,\" rued district fire officer Ravi Prasad. In rare cases, the station also gets hoax calls, feigning emergency. The fire tenders rush to spot only to realize that it was practical joke by some bad elements in the society. However, the number of hoax calls is very less, in 2011 there were seven hoax calls whereas in 2010 and 2009 there were two hoax calls each. More than the hoax calls which are very rare, what bothers the staff most is the prank calls. \"Since the number 101 is easy to remember, it has become a play for children to call the number, leaving fire station personnel in distress. It is the responsibility of parents to instill sense among children and admonish them for playing pranks,\" Ravi Prasad said. If this does not stops, stern action will be taken against those making prank calls, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415485", "title": "'Rs 10L was sent via hawala from UAE'", "text": "MUMBAI: The perpetrators of the August 1 Pune serial blasts, which were executed by the Indian Mujahideen (IM), were paid Rs 10 lakh sent through hawala from the UAE, said a senior police officer.Indian Mujahideen (IM) executed the August 1 Pune serial bomb blasts and the perpetrators were paid Rs 10 lakh sent through hawala from the UAE, said the police.On August 1, four explosions, triggered by improvised explosive devices (IEDs), rattled the bustling Jangli Maharaj Road in Pune in a matter of less than an hour. Besides, the police diffused a crude bomb and rounded up more than three dozen people.\"We have zeroed in on the perpetrators from the IM but they fled soon after the blasts,\" said a source. The ATS probe has revealed that the money used for the explosions was routed through Muzaffar Kola Enterprises. \"Kola Enterprises was earlier found involved in sending Rs 10 lakh through hawala for Mumbai's 13/7 blasts. The ATS had then booked Muzaffar Kola, owner of the UAE firm, for its alleged involvement in the hawala deals. But the agency could never arrest Kola since the 67-year-old is bedridden with cancer,\" , now 67, is suffering from cancer and bed-ridden,\" said a source. Kola is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Bhatkal.Even for the Pune blasts, the money was routed through the same firm, the source said. Muzaffar Kola Enterprises LLC, which deals in readymade clothes, perfumes, cosmetics and toys, is the front set up to run the money-laundering business, the source said.Kola's name emerged in 2003 after the abduction of a Kolkata-based shoe chain owner, Partho Roy Burman. The police found that Rs 3 crore was paid through hawala through Kola's firm to the abductors. Asif Raza Khan and Amir Raza Khan alias Muttaki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415307", "title": "Weight loss operation attracts obese moms-to-be", "text": "NEW DELHI: To avoid complications during pregnancy, many obese women in the city are opting for weight loss surgery. This, doctors say, helps avoid risks including maternal deaths and the need for C-section. According to Dr Pradeep Chowbey, director, Max Institute of Minimal Access, Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery, one out of every 10 women who undergo the surgery at their centre are in childbearing age.\"For a woman who is morbidly obese, reducing the weight through dietary changes and exercise is difficult especially when she is planning for pregnancy. Not losing weight, on the other hand, poses serious health risks for the child as well as the mother. That is perhaps the reason behind the increase in number of women undergoing weight loss surgery,\" Dr Chowbey said.He added that with the use of new technology recovery is faster and there are less scars.According to the doctors, patients are advised to wait for six to eight months before conceiving to avoid risk of nutritional deficiencies right after surgery.Meenakshi Ahuja (name changed), a 25-year-old woman who underwent the surgery recently, said \"I weighed 97 kg before the surgery. I tried dieting and exercise but it didn't help. Then, I consulted the gynaecologists who suggested weight loss surgery to avoid complications during pregnancy\" Ahuja is three months pregnant.However, all women who undergo the surgery and conceive later are advised to eat enough protein and drink enough fluids to maintain the nutrition requirements.Those suffering from type II diabetes, doctors claim, are also benefiting . \"We have conducted more than 600 weight loss surgeries in people suffering from diabetes and a retrospective study showed remarkable improvement in lipid profile of the subjects,\" said Dr Chowbey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415202", "title": "Kharif satisfactory, rabi doubtful in Washim", "text": "NAGPUR: Every district in Vidarbha is suffering from either dry or wet drought, except Washim. To its east is Yavatmal, where many tehsils have been hit by floods. To its west is Buldhana district, where rainfall has been scanty. Akola district, which is north of Washim, has received more than average rainfall while Hingoli district in Marathwada is suffering from drought.The kharif crop in the district, barring Risod tehsil, which is in the south-west, is in good shape. However, farmers are wishing that the district should have received more rainfall. The reason is that the district lies in a low rainfall area. Unless there is excess rainfall, there is insufficient water for rabi crop and drinking purpose in summer. This problem is more acute in the southern and western part of the district.Omprakash Rathi, a seeds and fertilizer shop owner of Karanja, said that the main crops of the tehsil - soyabean, cotton, tuar, moong and urad -- would give relatively decent yield. \"There will be some loss because of erratic rainfall. There was scanty rainfall in June and July and excess rainfall in September. The moong and urad crop are the worst hit. The yield of soyabean and cotton too will go down due to showers in September,\" he said.Rathi further said that there was not much water for rabi crop. \"In 2010, the district had received excess rainfall. Farmers had enough water for the rabi crop and drinking water was not a problem. Still, there is water in some areas for crops like jowar, which need less water.\"Karanja lies in the north-eastern side of Washim district. Malegaon tehsil is in the north-central side. Here, Narayan Landkar has lost half of his urad crop due to excess rainfall in September. Unlike others, he had sown more urad than soyabean. \"If the crop is good, then the rate is Rs 4,000 to 4,500 per quintal. Now I will get only Rs 700 to 800 per quintal. This year, I will earn only around Rs 20,000 from the kharif crop. If the rainfall had been timely, I would have earned over Rs 80,000,\" he told TOI.Rameshwar Sarnaik of Mohja village in Washim tehsil said that the first sowing of soyabean was done in June and the second in July. \"The crop sown in July is in better condition because the gap in rainfall in July was lower for it. The rainfall was poor in June, good in first week of July, scanty in the second week and improve from third week.\"Risod tehsil is in the south-western end. Santosh Tayde of Bharjage village told TOI that his urad crop had been hit by deficient rainfall in July and excess rainfall in September. \"However, this month's showers have helped the soyabean crop. It is in good shape. Moong crop has been hit like urad,\" he said.Tayde further said that water level in his wells was not satisfactory. \"The ground water level is low in this area. Unless there is excess rainfall, we have problems in watering the rabi crop. Moreover, due to severe drought in Hingoli district (to the south) the nullahs originating there have no water,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415798", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to seek revised metro plan", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will prepare a revised proposal for the metro project with changes to accommodate the new flyovers as well as extension of certain routes.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"We will call the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) officials in two weeks and tell them to prepare a revised proposal for the metro project in our municipal limits. The revised proposal will be prepared in about two to three months and it will be sent to the civic general body for approval and subsequently to the state government for approval.\"Pardeshi said the Delhi metro corporation had prepared a feasibility study of the metro project over two years ago. The civic body is constructing two flyovers across the Pune-Mumbai highway at Nashik Phata chowk and Empire Estate in Chinchwad. Since the first metro route in Pimpri-Chinchwad civic limits will be on the Pune-Mumbai highway, we need to consider these flyovers while preparing the plan, he said.Pardeshi said the civic body wanted the Pimpri-Swargate metro route to be extended till Nigdi so that maximum number of people residing in Pimpri-Chinchwad can benefit from it.\"The Pune civic body had sent the proposal for the first metro route from Ramwadi to Vanaz and that has been approved by the state government. The route in Pimpri-Chinchwad may be developed as the second metro route later,\" said Pardeshi.\"The civic body will bear a part of the cost proportionate to the length of the metro route in Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal limits,\" he said.Meanwhile, the standing committee has approved a resolution to pay Rs 53.56 lakh to the Delhi metro corporation as its share for preparing the detailed project report for the metro project. The resolution will be sent to the civic general body for further approval.Jagdish Shetty, standing committee chairman, said a short notice resolution was approved at the meeting of the committee on Tuesday. The resolution stated that the metro corporation prepared the project report costing Rs 2.10 crore, which was to be shared by Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad civic bodies. The project report was submitted to the civic body in 2009. It suggested two corridors measuring 31.51 km be constructed in the first phase.The first corridor is from the civic headquarters in Pimpri till Swargate and is 16.59 km long. It will have 15 stations, of which 7.15 km and six stations will fall in Pimpri-Chinchwad limit and the rest in Pune civic limits. The second corridor - from Vanaz, Kothrud to Ramwadi - measuring 14.92 km is in Pune civic limits.Pune civic body had written to the PCMC last year seeking Rs 53.56 lakh as its share for preparing the detailed project report. The civic body has made a provision of Rs 5 crore in the 2012-13 budget for the metro project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16416271", "title": "Jan Aushadhi store opens in Jeypore", "text": "KORAPUT: A Jan Aushadhi store was opened on the premises of the sub-divisional headquarters hospital at Jeypore on Saturday to make available quality generic medicines at affordable prices. Inaugurated by the minister for school and mass education Rabi Narayan Nanda, the store is the second of its kind in tribal-dominated Koraput district. Another such store is functioning at the district headquarters hospital at Koraput since June 2010.\"Lakhs of people from the district and bordering Malkangiri and Nabarangapur districts depend on Jeypore hospital for treatment and the generic medicine store will be very helpful for them, especially the tribals, as they will get quality medicines at affordable prices,\" said Nanda. Officials said the store was set up with the help of Pharma Central Public Sector Units in collaboration with the state health and family welfare department.\"Medicines will be sold at a subsidised rate here. BPL families will get medicines free of cost from the store,\" said Jeypore sub-divisional medical officer D B Tripathy. \"Doctors will prescribe generic medicines so that people can take advantage of the store,\" he said. Medicines of as many as 40 different categories will be available at the store to start with, which will be subsequently increased, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16417509", "title": "8-year-old Vile Parle boy skydives 10,000 ft", "text": "MUMBAI: Mehul Shanghvi from Vile Parle is such a fan of adventure sports that he wanted his eight-year-old son Krish to attempt skydiving. He was only afraid Krish would slip through the harness. However , his wish was granted in South Africa where safety standards are high and no age limit is set for this feat.On May 22, Krish became the youngest skydiver from India when he jumped from a height of 10,000 ft. His classmate from SVKM School, who joined the family on their trip to South Africa, is barely three months older. A cousin, who similarly attempted the feat, is 13 years old. Krish achieved this record with a 'tandem master' who operated the parachute and held him through the attempt. Mehul wanted Krish to achieve this feat during a holiday to Mossel Bay, South Africa , given that India debars children under 16 from this sport . Two years ago, Krish's older brother, then 10 years old, claimed to have become the world's youngest scubadiver.A textile merchant, Mehul says he made his son attempt skydiving to \"make him brave and overcome his fears.\" Krish's mother Kavita says she was scared for the little boy who is slight, unlike his brother. \"The only reason I allowed him to go was that there was somebody behind him,\" she says. The child admits he was afraid at the start but settled down and began to enjoy himself within seconds. \"Next time, I want to go solo,\" he laughs. Krish has received a certificate to say he is the youngest skydiver in the world from Unique World Records but trainer Henk van Wyk feels safe to say he is, to the best of his knowledge, the youngest Indian to do so. In an email interview to TOI, Henk described the boy's achievement . He wrote, \"He seemed relaxed and not afraid at all. We first briefed him on what to expect, how to maintain the correct body position during freefall, then dressed him in a special suit and passenger harness. The plane climbed to the altitude in about 18 minutes , and during this time, Krish asked many questions about flight controls. He also had a good chance to take in the beautiful scenery over Mossel Bay.\"At close to 10,000ft, as the plane passed over the dropzone , the tandem master gave the 'Ready-Steady-Go' call and Krish leaped out. The freefall speed soon increased to a whopping 240 km/h. After 40 seconds, the main parachute opened and the pair glided back to earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "torino (italy)", "code": "16421437", "title": "Kapur shoots 70, but slips to tied 47th", "text": "TORINO (Italy): Shiv Kapur carded a two-under 70, but still tumbled down the leaderboard as low scores continued to be the order of the day in the third round of the Italian Open on Sunday.Kapur's 70 took him to nine-under 201 for three rounds, even as South African Garth Mulroy (66) moved into a one-shot lead after a six under par 66.Mulroy had seven birdies and only his second bogey of the week in moving to 17 under par at Royal Park I Roveri, but he has a trio of Spaniards hot on his heels.Kapur had three birdies and one bogey in his round of 70 but he slipped to tied 47th after being tied 14th overnight.Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano birdied the last two holes for a 67 to be 16 under, with Rafa Cabrera-Bello and Pablo Larrazabal a shot behind after rounds of 65 and 66 respectively.Ryder Cup stars Nicolas Colsaerts and Martin Kaymer remained in contention on 13 under, along with home favourite Matteo Manassero, overnight leader Richard Bland, Welshman Phillip Price and France's Gregory Bourdy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16416814", "title": "Support group brings hope for kids", "text": "LUDHIANA: Akash is barely seven years old but he has already learned some vital lessons in life. For one, Akash, who is the son of a Sarabha Nagar-based businessman, knows that despite suffering from Type I diabetes, he will have to find a way to keep his mind off his ailment and focus on positive things in life. For channelizing his mind to think so, doctors have been offering emotional comfort to Akash as part of a juvenile diabetes support group. Like Akash, over 80 other children suffering from Type I diabetes are getting help cope with the disease and overcome the pain through this support group. \"When I meet other members of the group, I get a lot of strength. I know that I have to live with the disease so why not be happy and accept it? The doctors not only tell us about the disease and ways to fight it, but also boost our morale,\" says Akash. \"Besides chatting, we also take part in various fun and creative activities,\" he adds. Diabetologist Dr Geeti Puri Arora and child specialist Dr Baldeep Singh formed the group for children in the age group of 3 to 14 years in 2007. \"Besides treating children suffering from Type I diabetes, we also show them ways of fighting the disease, both physically and mentally. In addition, we hold frequent get-togethers, organize painting, poster-making and poetry recitation competitions to bring the children together,\" they said. The group has 88 children and the majority of them are from Ludhiana. Baldeep said, \"When children suffering from a common pain get together, they get the courage to fight the disease.\" Christian Medical College and Hospital also has a juvenile diabetes group of about 70 children. Dr Valsa Abraham, the deputy medical superintendent, said, \"The group was formed by Dr Mary Jones of the department of medicine and pediatrics in 2004.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415504", "title": "Mampi hits bulls eye again in Gun For Glory shooting", "text": "PUNE: Air rifle shooter Mampi Das of West Bengal clinched her fourth successive crown, in the Seed Gun For Glory shooting championships, at the Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex, on Saturday.The 16-year-old shot 398 in qualifying and held her vice-like grip on the gold with an equally brilliant 103.7 in the final to secure the medal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415944", "title": "Former national footballer injured in road accident", "text": "KOLKATA: Bikash Panji, who played for East Bengal, Mohun Bagan and also for the national football team, had a narrow escape on Saturday after his motorcycle met with an accident on EM Bypass. However, his friend riding pillion without a helmet died of head injuries and multiple fractures.Incidentally, the accident took place at the same spot where a young IT professional was mowed down barely 12 hours ago. But the authorities claimed that poor road condition was not the reason behind the accidents.Around 8pm on Friday, Panji was driving towards north along the western flank of EM Bypass when a state bus reportedly knocked him down from behind. Panji lost control of the bike and both of them crashed on the road in front of ITC Sonar.Panji, who was wearing a helmet, sustained minor injuries on face and knees. However, his friend Shanto Ghosh was grievously injured after he was thrown out of his seat due to the impact. Eyewitnesses said Ghosh was not wearing a helmet.The officers of Tiljala Traffic guard, including officer-in-charge Bipul Chakraborty, rushed to the spot and took the duo to the nearest private hospital off EM Bypass. Ghosh sustained major head injuries and multiple fracture. Despite prompt treatment, his condition deteriorated and he succumbed to his wounds on Saturday morning.Panji, who was shifted to another private hospital late on Friday night, claimed that a state bus knocked him from behind. Police suspect that he perhaps lost control over the wheels due to the impact of the collision and skidded off. As Panji was wearing a helmet, he managed to survive.Cops, however, refused to blame the poor road condition for the accident. \"It's true that the place where the accidents took place is not in a good condition, but it's not so bad that it can cause a series of accidents,\" said an officer. Officers of traffic department have now initiated a probe to find out the cause behind the twin accidents at the same place.On Friday morning, young techie Debapriya Dutta Roy's head was smashed by a vehicle after his two-wheeler skidded in front of ITC Sonar. His wife Sudipta, who was riding pillion, escaped with a fractured hand. Potholed roads and the slush were held responsible for the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16415523", "title": "Bhopal lads make the cut in robotics contest", "text": "BHOPAL: Robot designing is no big deal for engineering graduates, but two school students have done the same without studying in any technical university. Sample this: Treksh Marwah of Class IX has won gold medal at the national-level robotics engineering competition and also participated in the World Robotics Olympiad twice in past four years.As expected, team of Treksh and Class VIII student Bhavesh Chaurase won the regional round of Indian Robotics Olympiad organised at Gyan Ganga Institute of Technology and Management (GGITM) on Friday. Both are students of Billabongs High. They will contest at the national round in Delhi, next month.\"I participated first time in the Indian Robotics Olympiad in Class IV. Since then I have been regularly participating in the event,\" 14-year-old Treksh said.The passion of Treksh had given him the opportunity to represent country in the World Robotics Olympiad. \"I was selected for the World Robotics Olympiad at Japan in 2008 where I stood fourth. Second time I went to Korea last year,\" Treksh said. Such was the confidence of Treksh and Bhavesh as they comfortably completed both rounds.Treksh's passion for robotics could be gauged from the fact that his candidature was accepted for a technical session at VIT University Chennai despite not fulfilling the minimum age criteria. \"Earlier, they refused my candidature. After screening my knowledge they allowed me to attend the three-day session,\" Treksh said who was just nine year old at that time.About his Japan's World Robotic Olympiad experience, he said, \"I had to contest against 105 teams participating in the competition from 50 countries. It was a very challenging task.\"Treksh's jubilant mother felt that her son has the potential to make wonders in robot engineering in the future. \"We are also amazed with his knowledge and information about robot designing. His father Vivek Marwah has been motivating him design better robots,\" Rakhi Marwah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16416325", "title": "'This is just the beginning'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The founders of Samarthya Foundation - Jamshed Chinoy and Pratap Barolia - are the unsung heroes. They have worked relentlessly with the Sharpshooter football team comprising Gulbai Tekra slum players since setting up their foundation in 2008. However, their greatest moment came when one of their players, Rama Makvana, got selected for the 10th Homeless Soccer World Cup to be held in Mexico City from October 6 to 14. \"Rama's selection lays a solid cornerstone to our framework. Many slum dwellers now want to follow Rama's footsteps,\" Chinoy told TOI. \"This is just the beginning. If corporate world comes forward with help, I am sure many more slum kids can be part of this event,\" Pratap said.Both Chinoy and Barolia, themselves former state-level footballers, worked very hard to raise funds for Rama's international trip. \"I made an appeal on my Facebook account and in a week's time several classmates from St Xavier's Loyola, St Xavier's College and acquaintances came forward to pitch in Rs 50,000 that Rama needs,\" Jamshed said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16415367", "title": "'Erecting pandals should be treated as encroachment'", "text": "Should pandals be allowed to encroach upon roads during festivals?No. In fact, erecting pandals for festivals too should be treated as any other encroachment problem created by a roadside vendor. They use most of the road and then slowly go on to erect small shops. This creates problem not only for normal vehicles but also for emergency vehicles which can't pass through the area. While giving permission for erecting pandals, the competent authority must ensure that there is enough space for emergency vehicles to pass. Moreover, whatever damage is done to the road too must be repaired without delay after the occasion is over. As far as Nagpur city is concerned, in view of a high court judgement, no such permission can be granted by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation.Is there any law that allows pandals to encroach on 30% of roads?There is no such law known to me although some part of the road is permitted for pandals as a practice particularly for traditional mandals. Usually no such permission is given to new mandals. Indian legal system honours traditions and customs. It may be clarified here that if a sufficient and reasonable passage is kept open for traffic to pass, a prosecution for wrongful restrain cannot be brought in. However, if a road is fully blocked, provisions of IPC &amp; local Acts are attracted. Again, in Nagpur city, in view of the HC judgement, no such permission can be given by the NMC.Why can't police implement ban on misuse of roads across the city? Shouldn't the rules be uniform for all communities?Roads are a property of local authorities, the government through concerned departments like PWD, public undertakings and private persons. If the concerned owner has permitted certain activity on his road, police/executive magistrate cannot ban such activity unless there is an apprehension to public order, maintenance of peace or total blockade to public movement.Is there any provision in law empowering police to take suo motu cognisance in such cases?Suo motu action is possible on in circumstances explained earlier.Like any crime, can police take action against people damaging public property like digging of roads?A. There is a Central Act called 'Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act 1984'. The offences are cognisable and non bailable. Obviously, a complaint from the owner of the road is required. City roads are under NMC, NIT, NHAI and PWD and they should register complaints about damage done by mandals. Police can certainly register offence of damage to public property.In fact, I would like to again suggest that necessary care should be taken to repair the roads and footpath as expeditiously as possible in cases where digging operation is required for erection of pandals and for that reason the authority should collect the necessary charges from the puja committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16415824", "title": "DKA shocked over damage to Vaz statue", "text": "Dalgado Konknni Akademi (DKA) has expressed shock and sadness at the vandalization of a statue of the first Konknni martyr Floriano Vaz, erected at the intersection in Gogol, Margao. The akademi has called upon the government to take stern action against those who damaged the statue and to bring the culprits to book. They have also demanded that the statue should be re-erected by the government immediately. On December 20, 1986, Vaz was shot dead at Margao at the height of the Konknni movement.Livestock census under way: The directorate of animal husbandry and veterinary services has commenced the '19th livestock census' from September 15. The census will continue up to October 14. 'Enumerators will be visiting the household of every citizen whether urbanite, semi-urbanite or a villager to collect data/information about animals owned by them', states a press note. The public is requested to extend full cooperation to the enumerators.Dr Pinto attends int'l pathology conference in Sri Lanka: The College of Pathologists of Sri Lanka recently organized an international conference in pathology in Colombo. The faculty comprised Dr R G Wiseman Pinto (India), Dr Jane Dahlstrom (Australia), Dr M De Silva (Oman), Dr P Saparamadu (Oman), Dr D Lokuhetty (Srilanka), Dr A Nazar (Sri Lanka), Dr A Priyani (Sri Lanka), Dr S Hewavisenthi (Sri Lanka) and Dr L Paranahewa (Sri Lanka). The topics covered at the conference included were fine needle aspiration cytology in clinical practice, paediatric pathology, placental pathology, renal pathology, liver tumours and clinical pathology. Pinto, past president of the Indian Academy of Cytologists, was the chief guest for the inaugural ceremony. Over 150 delegates from Sri Lanka, Oman , Australia and India attended the conference. The Conference was organized by Dr Janaki Fernando , president, and Dr A Priyani, secretary, of the College of Pathologists of Sri Lanka.Radio Mirchi's 'Mirchi Masti Ki Patshala': Radio Mirchi 98.3FM Goa and State Bank of India recently concluded its 2nd annual on-ground school event called 'Mirchi Masti Ki Patshala' from August 10 to August 24 held across schools in Mapusa, Panjim and Vasco. The event was supported by BSA Hercules Cycles and hosted by Radio Mirchi RJs, Silroy, Pankaj and Sachin. The event reached out to 2,000 students bringing fun to learning through talent competitions like singing, dancing, while teachers encouraged their students cheering performances and spontaneous quizzing. Students who went home winning BSA Hercules Cycles were Divya Naik of St Mary's HS, Mapusa; Prajakta Shetty of G S Amonkar Vidya Mandir HS, Mapusa; Rashmika D'Sa of Mary Immaculate Girls HS, Panaji; Hrithik Pilgaonkar of People's HS, Panaji; Viraj Verekar of Mustifund HS, Panaji; Hrucha Deepak Amonkar of Dr K B Hedgewar HS, Panaji; Yashita Naik of Regina Mundi HS, Vasco; Anushka Naik of Deepvihar HS, Vasco; Prajakta of Kendriya Vidyalaya HS, Vasco; Vaibhav Mantandker of Our Lady Of Candelaria HS, Vasco.Pereira is BOI workmen director: A M Pereira, special assistant with Bank of India, Vasco, was felicitated at a function held in Margao on Saturday by the bank staff after being appointed as a workmen director on the board of directors of Bank of India. \"This is the first time in the history of Goa that a bank union leader from Goa has been appointed as a workmen director of a nationalised bank,\" said S Joshi, president of BOI staff employers, while addressing the audience. Pereira thanked all the bank employees for their support and promised to take up the welfare of Goa based employees as a priority.Piano concert cancelled: ProMusica has informed that due to unforeseen circumstances, the piano concert by Gavin Martin and Joanne Pearce Martin on September 17 stands cancelled. Refunds of money of donation passes can be had at Furtados Music, Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "baddi", "code": "16415961", "title": "Amway eyes small town markets in Jharkhand", "text": "BADDI: Encouraged by the growing market for health and beauty products, Amway has decided to increase its home delivery network in Jharkhand and expand its reach into small towns. The company is planning to cover Chakradharpur, Chaibasa, Ghatshila, Gamharia,North Jadugora, Jhinkpani and Noamundi through home delivery network in the near future. Keeping in mind the huge growth potential of Jamshedpur and Ranchi clusters, the company has plans to intensify focus on health and beauty categories.Amway managing director William S Pinckney said the market for healthcare products in Jharkhand has been growing steadily - last fiscal recorded an impressive growth rate of around 21% over the previous year. He said: \"We expect similar growth this year and, keeping in mind the needs of customers and distributors, the company has planned to strengthen its home delivery network. We expect the state to clock double-digit growth this year as well and contribute significantly to the total sales of Amway India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16417254", "title": "Chase the money!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Taxmen and other sleuths are looking at a record seizure of unaccounted cash in the coming few months in the build-up to the exciting Gujarat assembly election. Poll spending has never been as closely regulated in any previous elections anywhere in the country as it will be done in Nov-Dec 2012 in the 182 constituencies of Gujarat. Rough estimates suggest that the Congress and BJP each have war-chests of roughly around Rs 1,000 crore ready for this highstakes political semi-final before the Lok Sabha elections in 2014. While chief minister Narendra Modi got Rs 500 crore collected through the 'Dhansangraha ' scheme, which spread the net far and wide into the business communities, both the BJP and Congress are now eyeing corporate houses that have liberally funded the elections in the past. But the movement of money is getting tricky with the Election Commission's expenditure observers being joined by sleuths from the Income Tax, Enforcement Directorate and Directorate of Revenue Intelligence in this massive chase for black money . It is expected that nearly 100 additional officers from the Indian Revenue Services (IRS) will be deployed for the Gujarat polls. Modi had in fact directed the BJP's machinery to park the money safely in the respective constituencies much before the elections are notified. Besides, after keeping him years in relative oblivion, Modi has roped in the BJP's money maestro Surendra Patel 'Kaka' , who was the party's treasurer for years, to help out in this complicated operation . The Congress is lagging behind in deployment of funds because the cash is yet to come in. The job will be handled mainly by the state treasurer Balwant Singh Rajput. \"The money has to be transferred by road at some point and we will keep a hawk's eye on all 'angadiyas' (couriers) and hawala operators during this period,\" a senior I-T official said, recalling that his department alone had seized Rs 85 crore of unaccounted cash during the recent Uttar Pradesh elections. He said flying squads will be given magisterial powers to search vehicles and seize cash without much fuss. I-T has set up a Rs 30-lakh informers fund for tip-offs which lead to seizures. Mobile numbers of suspects, including the leaders and candidates , will be under surveillance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16417206", "title": "\u2018Americans needn\u2019t leave Valley\u2019", "text": "SRINAGAR: Kashmiri separatist Syed Ali Shah Geelani on Saturday opposed grand mufti Bashir-ud-Din's diktat asking all Americans to leave the Valley in the wake of the anti-Islam film that has triggered violent protests across the Muslim world.\"There is no need for them (US citizens) to leave the Kashmir valley. Islam preaches peace and security to non-Muslims and it is our duty to protect them,\" he said. \"Islam does not allow sentencing anyone for someone else's mistakes or crimes.''The mufti had on Thursday asked US citizens to leave Kashmir to avert public wrath amid widespread anger over the film that denigrates Islam and its Prophet. On Friday, there were anti-US protests in the Valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16416311", "title": "Naroda police arrest two for inter-state truck theft racket", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Naroda police arrested two men who had come to the city to sell off a trailer stolen from Haryana to city-based transporters. Investigators said that one of the accused is the husband of a sarpanch in Haryana.According to investigators, a team led by MA Vala, inspector of Naroda police station, got a tip-off that two men were searching for buyers of a trailer in the city outskirts. A team of police posed as buyers and approached the duo. The officials then got to know that they were ready to sell off the vehicle at half the price sans registration papers. \"We then apprehended them on the basis of suspicion and questioned them thoroughly when we got to know that the duo was Mohammed Jamshed Mev and Yusuf Ansari, natives of Nella district of Haryana. The duo confessed that the trailer was stolen from national highway in Haryana and was brought to Gujarat. During further questioning, we got to know that the duo had stolen more than 15 vehicles earlier including trucks and trailers,\" said a Naroda police official.Talking about their modus operandi, officials said that in many cases, owners of the trucks would give a cut to the duo for stealing their vehicles to get the insurance money. The money was then used to purchase new vehicles. \"For every theft, the duo earn anything between Rs 3.5 lakh to Rs 7 lakh. We have approached the Haryana police to know whether any offence has been registered against them,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16417045", "title": "Dedication is the mantra,says Vedanta chairman", "text": "PATNA: An illustrious son of Bihar, who carved a niche for himself in international business after migrating from the state, and chairman of London-based Vedanta Resources , Anil Kumar Agarwal on Saturday urged the entrepreneurs of Bihar to grow in an environment conducive to industrial development in the state.He told industrialists and traders that there was no dearth of entrepreneurship in Bihar; at the same time, there was no short cut for moving ahead. Sound entrepreneurship needed perseverance, dedication and endurance, through which he had himself passed, he said.His company was the first Indian company to get listed on the New York Stock Exchange and it had started its global foray by purchasing a cable company in London , he said.Meeting the members of Bihar Chamber of Commerce and Industries here, Agarwal said, \"I am inspired. I never forgot my path,\" he said, adding that he had studied at a municipal school and lived in Goriatoli locality in Patna in initial years.\"Anil's father, Dwarka Prasad Agarwal, who was then running his firm, M/s Aryan Engineering, in Patna, had shifted with him to Mumbai and opened a cable factory there. After intense struggle for 10 years, they were able to set up a cable factory, and there was no looking back thereafter.He said the entrepreneurs of Bihar are fortunate to have a CM who recognizes the president of Bihar Chamber of Commerce and Industries, O P Sah. In 1980s, there was no such recognition for the members of trade and industries, he said.\"There is a conducive environment for entrepreneurship in Bihar as labour is cheap here,\" he said, adding Bihar can surge ahead on the strength of sugar industry alone, a la Brazil. Production of newsprint from bagasse, a by-product of sugar industry, is quite possible in Bihar. There is also scope for growth in education and health sectors.Sources said that Anil Kumar Agarwal's many companies make him the czar of non-ferrous metals in the country. His companies reportedly chalked out organic expansion plans worth $20 billion in last five years, out of which about two-third has already been spent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415741", "title": "Mini theatre at Gandhi bhawan inaugurated", "text": "PUNE: State revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat on Saturday inaugurated the mini theatre at Gandhi Bhawan in Kothrud.Speaking on the occasion, the minister said such institutions would help spread Gandhian thoughts in modern ways. \"Collection of films on Gandhi and their screenings will help spread Gandhian philosophy among younger generation,\" he said.Anwar Rajan, trustee of the Maharashtra Gandhi Smarak Nidhi, said, \"The objective behind the theatre was to spread Gandhian thoughts. We will invite students from schools to watch films on Gandhi during the birth anniversary of the Mahatma.\"Kumar Saptarshi, president of the trust, said, \"We plan to conduct small courses on satyagraha techniques and develop the institution as an international centre.\"Rally, prayers, screening of films and lectures would be held between October 1 and 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16421049", "title": "Davis Cup: Yuki, Sanam complete 5-0 rout of New Zealand", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sanam Singh was splendid in his victory after Yuki Bhambri huffed and puffed to a patchy win as India completed a 5-0 rout of New Zealand in the Davis Cup Asia/Oceania Group I relegation play-off tie on Sunday.With the tie already in pocket, Yuki pushed India closer to a whitewash after he struggled past Jose Statham 2-6, 7-5, 7-6(5) in the fourth rubber, which lasted for two hours and 41 minutes under scorching sun.Sanam, who had to wait for his turn until the last match, closed the tie in style with a dominating 6-4, 6-1 win against Artem Sitak in one hour and 17 minutes.Sanam's win was the first straight one for India in this tie as the other matches, except the second rubber, lasted full distance.Three wins on the first two days had already ensured that India will stay in Group I for 2013 competition. The Kiwi team will fight it out with Chinese Taipei next month to retain its place in Group I.It's the first time since the 2005 tie against Uzbekistan that India have whitewashed an opponent in Davis Cup.The youngsters have already been rewarded for their good show as AITA has said it will stick to them till India competes in the Asia/Ocenia Group zone.Since Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna will not be considered for selection for close to two years, these youngsters will be India's face in the Davis Cup.Sanam found himself in the pit several times in the first set, but managed to get out every time. He was lighteningly quick on the court and had the sting in his shots. The two players exchanged serves in sixth and seven games to be locked 3-3. A double fault by Sitak on a break point put Sanam ahead.The Indian was again in danger of losing the advantage but saved three breakpoints before pocketing the set. The second set completely belonged to Sanam.Earlier, Yuki overcame a sluggish start to set India up for a rout.Yuki was far from convincing and it was his second come-from-behind win as he had erased a two-set deficit in the opening singles.Yuki also battled cramps towards the end but hung on to eke out a win. Many a times he was in advantageous position but could not deliver the knockout punch. At 40-0, he was up by three break points in the 12th game of the second set, but took two more to finally draw parity.After failing to convert his first match point in the final set, he was up 5-0 in the match tie-break, but allowed Statham to take five points on the trot to make it 5-5.Yuki was slow off the blocks, struggling with his first serve. After committing two double faults and netting a forehand, he was facing a breakpoint in the very first game.Yuki had his chances in game four but squandered two breakpoints. Unforced errors added to his struggle as he dropped his serve at love to hand 3-2 lead to Statham.The youngster was even missing easy put-aways. Two more double faults coupled with unforced errors put Yuki down by another break and Statham found himself 5-2 ahead.Yuki saved two set points before conceding the lead in 37 minutes. The Delhi lad improved slightly in the second set but still he was far from his best. The searing heat started to bother Statham as his movement slowed down.The set went on serve for 11 games, and Statham was serving to stay. The Kiwi played his most inconsistent game of the match as three unforced errors put Yuki a point away from pushing the issue to the third set.However, the Indian youngster, at 40-0 on Statham's serve, squandered four set points before finally converting the fifth with a forehand winner.The double fault came to haunt Yuki again as his sixth of the match handed his rival a chance to nose ahead in the decider. He saved it with a deft drop shot but sent a forehand long to let his rival go up 3-2.Statham was struggling to cope with the heat. His movement dropped and he was trying to keep the points short.Yuki, too, was struggling to move as he suffered cramps, which allowed the decider to go full distance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16415782", "title": "Premium diesel, petrol price hike worries dealers in city", "text": "INDORE: The government's move to hike prices of branded diesel by Rs 21.31 and premium petrol by Rs 6.70 per litre has sent a wave of shock among petroleum product dealers. The hike, dealers say, will pull down the sales of the high-end fuel. Branded diesel is up by Rs 21.31 per litre. It now comes for Rs 72.08 per litre from the previous cost of Rs 50.77 per litre. The new price is almost the same as that of normal petrol being sold at Rs 73.38 per litre. Similarly, premium petrol prices have gone up by Rs 6.70 per litre to a new high of Rs 82.88 per litre. It was earlier sold in retail for Rs 75.88 per litre.Sudhir Airen, who is the owner of a city-based petrol bunk, said, \"The price hike is massive. I am planning to replace the branded diesel supplying equipment to the normal diesel supplying one. Selling branded diesel is going to be difficult in the current scenario.\"Owner of more than 10 outlets in the city, Manan Bakliwal has three premium cars. He said, \"Now, I am forced to use ordinary diesel in all my premium cars rather than branded one. Even my friends owning super premium cars have also decided to follow suit.\" Ravi Dayal Singh, the owner of another city-based petrol bunk, said, \"I sell around 200- 250 litre of branded diesel out of total sales of 8,000 litre per day. I am scared that the figure may dip further with the price hike.\"Raj Bhasin, an automobile spares trader, said, \"Now people owning premium cars will be able to differentiate between the use of normal and premium diesel. I think government wants to discourage the use of premium diesel by doing so.\"Owner of C-21 shopping mall, Pintu Chhabra owns a Jaguar among other premium cars. He said, \"I seldom check with my car driver how much price he has to pay for fuelling my car. The hike will make prices of essential commodities costlier and will affect the middle-class people.\"President of Ahilya Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry, Ramesh Khandelwal said, \"The premium cars run only on branded diesel, but I don't think if the owners of such cars will have any problem due to the price hike.\"On an average 10-12 lakh litre of diesel and 2-3 lakh petrol is being sold in the city per day. The share of branded diesel or premium petrol is quite less.kumud.das@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16416074", "title": "Civil society groups, activists reach out to Idinthakarai protestors", "text": "CHENNAI: The ongoing protest against the Kundankulam Nuclear Power Project (KNNPP) has received a fillip with many intellectuals and activists expressing solidarity with the villagers in Idinthakarai and its neighbourhood. Activist-writers including Mahasweta Devi and Arundhati Roy and historian Romila Thapar and former army chief V K Singh are those who have condemned the police action against protestors that caused the death of two persons earlier this week.A march by anti-nuclear activists from Kerala is expected to leave for Kudankulam from Parassala, a Kerala town bordering Kanyakumari district, on Sunday morning. Renowned Malayalam writers Sugathakumari and Sara Joseph will flag off the padayatra that will include activists and writers from across Kerala.In an open letter, Mahasweta Devi, a widely-respected Bengali writer, has asked Congress president Sonia Gandhi to visit Kudankulam and listen to the complaints of the protesting villagers. Devi has urged her to intervene in the issue with compassion rather than use state machinery against hundreds of villagers, including women and children. Requesting Gandhi to meet the protesters at the earliest, Devi said the recent developments in Kudankulam were quite alarming and called for the government to understand the demands of people.A joint statement issued by renowned historian Romila Thapar and senior journalist and writer Praful Bidwai condemned \"the government's move to suppress the agitation by force\" and \"demonise the dissent of the villager by accusing them of sedition and foreign funding \". \"Their legitimate and as-yet-unaddressed concerns about the plant's safety were heightened by the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board's recent admission that it has not implemented the recommendations of its own review committee, including revision of safety parameters, and installation of backup freshwater and power sources,\" the statement said. They also asked the government to release documents on safety of the plant and discuss it with at least the affected villagers.Arundhati Roy has said the government has shown itself incapable of even being able to dispose day to day garbage, leave alone industrial effluent or urban sewage. How dare it to say that it knows how to deal with nuclear waste? she asked in her strongly-worded statement. \"We know how the government has colluded with the Union Carbide to ensure that victims of the Bhopal Gas leak will never get justice. I do believe that what is being done in Kudankulam in the name of development is a crime,\" she has written.Declaring his solidarity with protesters, former army chief of India, general V K Singh has said that it was \"sad to see that instead of improving the transmission and distribution losses the government is fooling people by bringing in a system being phased out by rest of the world\". He also asked the authorities to reconsider their decision to go ahead with the plant.Meanwhile, women members of PMANE (People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy), the platform of villagers spearheading the struggle at Idinthakarai, said the situation in Idinthakarai, Tsunami Rehabilitation Colony, Kudankulam, Koottapuli, Perumanal, Koottapana and Manappad are getting worse after the government began taking measures to arrest the protestors. The letter requested the government and the public to intervene immediately to stop police action against the protesters. \"We demand the stoppage of commissioning KNPP. We also demand release of all our friends and family members who are arrested, and withdraw false cases charged against them,\" the letter said.The letter which was signed by women from all the villages in Kudankulam also requested the government to restore drinking water supplies and electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16416266", "title": "Rs 205-cr makeover for Bhubaneswar railway station", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The railways on Saturday unveiled a Rs 205-crore plan to upgrade the Bhubaneswar railway station. It also proposed to expand the Puri railway station by spending Rs 74 crore, ahead of the Naba Kalebara festival of Jagannath in 2015.\"We have already discussed the plans with chief minister Naveen Patnaik . The state government's response has been favourable. With active support and cooperation of the state government, we can execute the plans within three years,\" said general manager, East Coast Railways (EcoR), Indra Ghosh, while announcing the plans at a press meet.Ghosh said the Railway Board has frozen all world class station projects and informed that efforts are being made to build a 'New Bhubaneswar' station between Mancheswar and Barang. \"In the last five years due to rapid urbanization, the area around New Bhubaneswar has developed a lot. Adequate land for constructing a world class station is not available at present,\" he said, adding, \"It has now been decided to have 'New Bhubaneswar' as a satellite passenger terminal for Bhubaneswar city.\"ECoR offices said while Bhubaneswar is located in the southern side of the state capital, New Bhubaneswar will cater to the city's northern side. \"Logically, most South-bound trains should originate from Bhubaneswar and North-bound trains from New Bhubaneswar,\" Ghosh said.Throwing light on expansion of the Bhubaneswar railway station, Ghosh said the proposed upgradation would include construction of a multi-level vehicle parking complex, new station building, four additional platforms (Work on 5 and 6 will be commissioned in 2014, while 7 and 8 have been planned) besides modifications to the circulating area and a fly-over at Master Canteen. The state government, he added, would have to construct the fly over at a cost of Rs 85 crore to facilitate unhindered traffic movement. \"It is a highly doable project. The railways shall have to expend around Rs 55 crore while the multi-level parking facility (with a basement spread over 4,000 square metres) could be taken up through the public-private-partnership model,\" said noted senior ECoR officer Subrat Tripathy.For Puri railway station, Ghosh said a comprehensive masterplan envisaging construction of four additional platforms, parking complexes and a multi-storied 'Yatra Complex' with modern facilities for pilgrims. An additional terminal for Puri area is proposed at Maltipatapur at an expenditure of Rs 137 crore while for Cuttack an extra terminal is being planned at Naraj, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16415956", "title": "Government should back squash: coach Rehman", "text": "PANAJI: You don't always need a degree to achieve something in life. Talent sometimes takes centerstage in your life and puts you in a coveted spot. And when it is for a sincere mission like seeing your country at the top of the world of sports, help comes from other corners as well. Rehman Saiyed, Goa's present No.1 squash player never dreamt of playing squash, or, for that matter, coaching talented players like Akanksha Salunke, Yash Fadte and Rahil Peris.Hailing from a small village in Karnataka, Saiyed who comes from a humble background, could not pursue his studies beyond class nine in the limited means that his father could afford in his job at the forest department. His penchant for the game started by watching Navy officials play squash in the Navy Officers Club in Vasco, Goa, where his family had moved to after his father's retirement.\"I was offered a job at the sports complex in the Navy office. It was there that I got hooked on to squash as I watched the officers play regularly.\"However, it was only when I won the Goa Open squash tournament in 1995 that I realized that I can play well.\" said Rehman.With encouraging support from wellwishers in Goa, including Pankaj Joshi, his wife and Vijay Chowgule, Rehman continued to train and win many other tournaments and went on to be ranked in tournaments like the Hyderabad Open and Maharashtra Open.However, as fate would have it, Rehman suffered a paralysis of the right side in 2009 and was forced to abandon the game for a year. Fortunately, Saiyed recovered after surgery and resumed playing but only after a year's forced hiatus.Expressing his concern for the game in Goa, Rehman said there was a need for more people to play this game.\"When I started nobody knew about the game and was played only in the Navy. I wanted it to become a popular game in Goa and I would like it to grow even after I'm not there. People should remember me as someone who was devoted to the cause of promoting squash.\"From a sprinkling of students in 1995, Saiyed eventually had India ranked Yash Fadte training under him when he was just 7.\"The numbers increased in 2008 to 25 following a summer camp and today I also have two other India-ranked players training under me, Akanksha Salunkhe and Rahil Peris as also Om Fadte and Yash Salunkhe. Today I have 65 trainees, including 35 Naval children,\" said Saiyed.\"They take their game seriously and train really hard,\" said the coach, proof being Goans winning titles in Pune and the Maharashtra Open, Bombay Gymkhana etc.Akanksha and Yash have gone on to achieve national and international fame.Saiyed is hoping his wards come good at the 2014 National Games and hopefully \"the 2020 Olympics\" when it is scheduled to be included. He is also keen that the state government helps out in setting up a few squash courts. At the moment Goa has just two squash venues, one the Naval squash courts and the other in Chicalim.He also felt that schools, colleges and the SAG should encourage those children interested in playing the game. Saiyed is thankful to corporate houses like the Dempo group who fund talent and make them sporting ambassadors.\"I'm also thankful to the Navy Officer Institute. I have reached this level only because of their support,\" said the level two coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16414980", "title": "DGP reviews Naxal issues", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra director general of police Sanjeev Dayal met with senior officials engaged in anti-Naxal operations in the city on Saturday. Dayal, who arrived on Friday, also paid a surprise visit to Ambazari police station in the morning.Sources in the police department said Dayal had allotted three hours for discussion on the rebels' issue and law and order situation in the Naxal-affected districts of Gadchiroli and Gondia. Senior officers like state anti-Naxal operation chief Anup Kumar Singh and deputy inspector general of Naxal range Ravindra Kadam were learnt to have attended the meeting with district police chiefs.The DGP, at a meeting at the office of city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, focused on security arrangements and threat perception during the forthcoming Ganesh festival. Senior officials of the district and the range were present.During his visit to Ambazari police station, Dayal insisted on maintaining cleanliness. He inspected the police station during his 45-minute stay. He also spoke to the accused in the lock-up and sought details about their cases. Senior PI ND Ingoley was not present when Dayal reached the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "dharamkot (kangra)", "code": "16417405", "title": "Dharamkot to be abuzz with 'shofar' today", "text": "Dharamkot (Kangra): It would be a different morning here on Sunday as the small Israeli community celebrates Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year. Pastel-coloured khipas - the Jewish skull cap - will dominate the otherwise tribal village as the Jewish visitors, who have made the place their temporary home, celebrate the festival which as per the Jewish tradition is the solemn and joyous time to reflect, repent and celebrate creation of the world.There will be over 100 blasts of the hard-to-play instrument called \"shofar\" as the visiting Israel tourists kick off their celebrations in the morning. According to them, the Rosh Hashanah liturgy is focused on inner transformation and transformation of the economic, political and social institutions and world. \"The celebration is about the anniversary of the \"creation of Adam and Eve, a day of judgment and coronation. The shofar touches people deep down. It evokes memories, inspires people, and transports them to biblical times. It penetrates deep into the soul,\" said Litvack, an Israeli tourist.There is no synagogue in Dharamkot but they have a Chabad house where the tourists would hold special prayers for their own well being and good times ahead. \"Prayers will start from the early morning and will go on till night. We will congregate, we will have wine,\" said Elian, another tourist.\"A piece of apple will be dipped in honey to symbolize wish for a sweet year ahead,\" said Josham another Jew living in the area. People will bless each other with the words 'Leshanah tovah tikateiv veteichateim', meaning 'be inscribed and sealed for a good year'. Late in the evening, there will be a prayer called Tashlich, held near a water body. The festival will conclude with kiddush - prayers recited over a cup of wine while expressing the sanctity of the creation - and eating challah, a braided bread loaf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415410", "title": "8 parties, NDA plan strike on Sept 20", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight non-Congress, and non-BJP parties - including SP, CPI, CPM, BJD and TDP - have decided to called for a nationwide bandh on September 20 against a clutch of government decisions like allowing FDI in multi-brand retail, disinvestment in navratna companies, hike in diesel price and cut in subsidy on gas cylinders.With NDA also all set to call for a bandh on the same day it is expected to be a success. NDA and the eight parties are coordinating informally. In a joint statement, the eight parties have appealed to the people to rise in protest against \"anti-people measures\". Appeal has been made to farmers, workers, women, youth, transporters, traders organizations to join the bandh through hartals, picketing, demonstration and courting arrest. \"We will not let government function till the decision in FDI in multi-brand retail is rolled back. Government's FDI decision is going to ruin livelihood of more than four crore people,\" a senior Left leader said, adding a nationwide coalition is being created.The statement, signed by HD Deve Gowda (JD-S), Mulayam Singh Yadav (SP), Prakash Karat (CPM), Naveen Patnaik (BJD), Sudhakar Reddy (CPI), Chandrababu Naidu (TDP) and leaders of Revolutionary Socialist Party and Forward Bloc, said the UPA government has \"stuck cruel blows on the people one after another\". They listed out \"anti-people\" measures like hike in the price of diesel by Rs 5 per litre that would \"stoke price rise and burden the farmers\", limiting the number of subsidized gas cylinder per family to six a year and the rest to be bought at market price which is more than double. Multi-brand retail chains, the statement said, would endanger the livelihood of crores of people in retail trade. Sale of shares of profitable PSUs and navaratna companies like NALCO and Oil India is also unwarranted, the parties said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16416032", "title": "Vice-chancellor sends adjourned Nilamber Pitamber University meet report", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Vice-chancellor of Nilamber Pitamber University Firoz Ahmad faxed a two-page report on the adjournment of the 19th syndicate meeting to the chancellor's secretariat in Ranchi on September 14.The meeting was adjourned on September 13. Ahmad refused to divulge its content.The university officials are maintaining silence about how the chancellor's secretariat is going to react to the adjournment of the meeting. The secretariat may seek an explanation, asking if it was an avoidable one or was it done to save the university officials from some embarrassment. The chancellor's office may also like to know the circumstances leading to the adjournment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16417090", "title": "Law &amp; order better in Bihar, says SBI chief", "text": "PATNA: SBI chairman Pratip Chaudhuri on Saturday said that his bank was going to recruit more than 1,300 new employees in the current financial year to boost its banking operations in Bihar, where \"law and order scenario has tremendously improved in the last seven years\".\"I had come to Bihar seven or eight years back. At that time, general security scenario was not so good. Market and business establishments used to be closed by 7 or 8pm. But now, the situation has totally changed. Now, people in Patna can move with their family members till late night. Life in Patna today is just like that of Hyderabad or Mumbai or any other developed city,\" Chaudhuri said while replying to a question at a press conference here on Saturday evening.Chaudhuri also said the demand for home loans had slightly reduced in Bihar due to high price of land and cement in the state. He said in Patna flats were being sold at the rate of Rs 4,000 per sq feet, which was beyond the reach of the middle class.Speaking on car loan scenario, Chaudhuri said the SBI had 25% share in the car loan business in the state. \"I was also informed by the local business community that Bihar has commercial vehicle market of around Rs 9,000 to 10,000 crore. Our loan share is less in this segment. We will try to improve our share in this segment,\" he said.He said the SBI, having 1,200 branches in Bihar and Jharkhand, had crossed a business of Rs one lakh crore in the two states in the current year. Of the total business, Rs 78,000 crores are deposits while Rs 22,240 crores are advances.2000 new ATMsSBI has around 1,400 ATMs in Bihar and Jharkhand and an additional 1,000 new ATMs would be set up in the two states in the next financial year (2013-14). Another 1,000 ATMs would be set up in the two states in FY 2014-15. The bank would provide at least one UPS in each ATM to minimize failure of the ATMs due to power cuts or other technical faults.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai/ madurai/ coimbatore/ trichy", "code": "16416595", "title": "Quarry scam: Two IAS officers booked after Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption raids", "text": "CHENNAI/ MADURAI/ COIMBATORE/ TRICHY: The Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) conducted raids in 34 places across the state on Saturday and lodged cases against two senior IAS officials for aiding granite companies accused in the multi-crore quarrying scam.The two IAS officers had served in the past as collectors of Madurai, the epicentre of the illegal granite quarrying scam. The scam came to light after their successor, U Sagayam, reported large-scale quarrying beyond permitted limits, in areas for which permission had not been given, and damage to water bodies in and around Madurai district. The officers, C Kamaraj and N Mathivanan, have been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act as well as various other counts including criminal conspiracy and forgery. Mathivanan had served in Madurai between May 2009 and February 2010, while Kamaraj succeeded him and held office till March 2011, when the election commission transferred him in the run up to the assembly election.A DVAC official said incriminating documents related to the quarry scam were found during the raids and bank lockers belonging to Kamaraj and Mathivanan have been seized.At least 21 serving and retired government officials and nine persons who owned or were related to owners of granite companies accused in the scam have come under the DVAC scanner. Under the coordination of DVAC superintendent K A Senthil Velam, DVAC teams raided 18 places in Madurai, six in Chennai, two each in Salem and Coimbatore and one place each in Virudhunagar, Karur, Trichy, Tuticorin, Ramanathapuram and Kanyakumari.The raids at the residences of Kamaraj and Mathivanan in Chennai began at 7am and continued till late evening. Kamaraj, presently director of Tamil Nadu Salt Corporation, lives in an apartment at SAF Games Village near Koyambedu whereas Mathivanan, director at the department of sugar, has a bungalow at Uthandi on ECR. Kamaraj, then Madurai collector, had submitted in the high court, that granite companies had not violated any rules, when a PIL alleging that the companies had damaged water bodies was heard by the court.Madurai district collector Anshul Mishra, who initiated the inquiry into the scam, had also received complaints that the two former collectors had forced other government officers to ignore irregularities by the granite companies, particularly PRP Exports. \"Preliminary inquiries showed some officials had used their official position with malafide intention and concealed facts pertaining to large-scale illegal quarrying,'' a DVAC officer said. \"We have seized the bank lockers of Kamaraj and Mathivanan and others. We will open the lockers in front of them on Monday and Tuesday,\" the officer added.Another senior government bureaucrat J Rajaram, deputy director of mines, was also booked on similar charges.In Madurai, raids were conducted at the residences of P Paganism, owner of PRP Exports, Gopalakrishnan, owner of G G Granites as well as their relatives' houses. Cases were also booked against retired commercial tax officer P Periyasamy, central excise superintendent Ganesan and PRP Exports owner Palanisamy, deputy director, mines, Rajaram, special deputy collector for social security scheme in Sivaganga, V Subbu (former tahsildar of Melur), PWD executive engineer R Ramachandran, (former assistant executive engineer, Melur, Madurai), and other private quarry operators. In Trichy, the residence of retired assistant director of mines and minerals, Jayakumar, was raided. An officer, who did not want to be quoted, said Jayakumar was in the midst of renovating his house with best quality granites. Jayakumar was assistant director in the geology and mining department, Madurai, between 2005 and 2007, and was transferred to Chennai, where he served until his retirement three months ago.Residences of a few officials and other premises were raided in Coimbatore, Salem and Namakkal as well. At least three officials who were raided had previously served in Madurai. Sattanatha Shankar, assistant director of mines and geology department at Karur, was at work in Karur when DVAC sleuths raided his residence in Coimbatore. The same team then visited a lodge at Gandhipuram in the city, where Thambidurai, deputy commissioner, commercial tax in Coimbatore, was residing. He too had served in Madurai in the past. In Salem, officials raided the residence of J Rajaraman, deputy director, mines and geology department at Nagercoil, in Salem and his two farm houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415375", "title": "Railway mega blocks today", "text": "MUMBAI: There will no train services between CST and Panvel from 10.20am to 3pm due to a mega block on Sunday.On the Main line, Up slow line services leaving Kalyan from 10.13am to 3.11pm will be diverted on the Up fast line between Kalyan and Mulund, stations halting at Dombivli and Thane. Up slow line services will not available at Thakurli, Kopar, Diva, Mumbra and Kalva stations. Passengers of these stations are permitted to travel via Dombivli/Thane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415419", "title": "Cement block falls at Freeway site, youth hurt", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost two months after a labourer was killed at an Eastern Freeway project site at Wadala and 10 days after a worker died at the Metro railway's airport station site, a youth sustained critical injuries on Saturday morning after a cement block of an under-construction pillar fell on his head in Govandi.Work on the elevated road of the Eastern Freeway project was on at the site of the mishap in Govandi.According to the eyewitnesses, the 4X4 block first fell on a barricade and then hit the youth, Naresh Tanwade (22), who was walking along the barricades, thus saving him from a direct hit, which according to officials could have been fatal. Tanwade was first taken to the nearby Shatabdi Hospital and was later moved to Joy Hospital in Chembur.According to MMRDA officials, the injured was out of danger though and was being monitored in the ICU. However, some Chembur locals told TOI that till late on Saturday night, Tanwade was still unconscious and was being operated upon by the doctors.The incident took place on Pillar number 14, located close to Shatabdi Hospital in Govandi. The pillar whose block was the cause of the mishap, is part of the under-construction third phase of Eastern Freeway project between Panjarpol and Ghatkopar-Mankhurd Link Road (GMLR). According to MMRDA officials, the pillar's top portion was being cleaned and no work was on when the incident occurred.Eastern freeway is the project that will take Mumbaikars from Princes Dock to Ghatkopar-Mankhurd road via port road, Anik, Wadala, Chembur up to Ghatkopar and Mankhurd with elevated road and tunnels as its combination. The project is being built by MMRDA with central assistance at Rs 600 crore.Recently there have been three to four mishaps. A week ago an under-construction concrete slab at metro project came crashing down killing a labourer and injuring 16 others. Similarly a few weeks ago the concrete segments of eastern freeway project fell down at Wadala killing one labourers and injuring seven others. There were other two incidents in which the objects from the viaduct sites fell on the passersby and their vehicles leaving them injured and their vehicles damaged. The incidents are being probed by various committees comprising independent experts. The work on metro one has been presently suspended to conduct safety audit and probes into recent mishap.In yet another incident that showed callousness on part of the contractors and their workers engaged on urban infrastructure projects, a youth sustained serious injury on his head after a cement block (4inchX4inch) fell from 16 meters high of the under-construction pillar. The incident took place on Saturday morning at Govandi where the work on elevated road of Eastern Freeway project is underway.According to the eyewitnesses the block first fell on the barricade from the pillar and then hit the youth who was walking along the barricades thus saving him from a direct hit which according to officials could have been fatal. The youth identified as Naresh Tanwade (22) was first taken to the nearby Shatabdi Hospital and was later moved to Joy Hospital in Chembur.According to MMRDA officials the injured is reported to be out of danger though was being monitored closely in the ICU. However, some residents in Chembur told TOI late on Saturday night that the youth was still unconscious and was being operated upon by the doctors.The incident took place on Pillar number 14 located close to Shatabdi Hospital in Govandi. The pillar is part of the under-construction third phase of eastern freeway project between Panjarpol and Ghatkopar-Mankhurd link road (GMLR). According to MMRDA officials the top portion of the pillar was being cleaned and there was no construction work going on when the incident occurred.Eastern freeway is the project that will take Mumbaikars from Princes Dock to Ghatkopar-Mankhurd road via port road, Anik, Wadala, Chembur up to Ghatkopar and Mankhurd with elevated road and tunnels as its combination. The project is being built by MMRDA with central assistance at Rs 600 crore.Recently there have been three to four mishaps. A week ago an under-construction concrete slab at metro project came crashing down killing a labourer and injuring 16 others. Similarly a few weeks ago the concrete segments of eastern freeway project fell down at Wadala killing one labourers and injuring seven others. There were other two incidents in which the objects from the viaduct sites fell on the passersby and their vehicles leaving them injured and their vehicles damaged. The incidents are being probed by various committees comprising independent experts. The work on metro one has been presently suspended to conduct safety audit and probes into recent mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415417", "title": "Residency Road flyover proposal in cold storage", "text": "NAGPUR: The much-needed proposal for a flyover from Anjuman Complex T-point (near Raj Bhavan) to Sadhu Waswani Chowk near NIT complex seems to have been put in cold storage, thanks to lackadaisical attitude of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).Given the heavy vehicular movement and regular traffic snarls on Residency Road, the flyover would be of immense help for motorists driving to or from Friends Colony, Gittikhadan, Anant Nagar, Jaffar Nagar, Raj Nagar, Chhaoni, New Colony and Katol Road.A survey about the city's traffic scenario conducted by L&T; Ramboll had identified this stretch as worst among some other parts of the city due to frequent traffic jams. In 2007, the state-level steering committee headed by chief minister had approved the detailed project report (DPR) of three bridges (over Nag river, Hatti nullah and Juni Shukrawari), a railway overbridge at Mangalwari (which has been completed recently) and a flyover on Residency Road.Sources told TOI that this flyover was supposed to be constructed by Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation. But NMC insisted on constructing it on its own. NMC approached the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) to provide funds and submitted a DPR.The project is still pending with the central government for a nod under JNNURM, said NMC's sub-divisional engineer in reply to a Right To Information query filed by activist Mohan Karemore.The cost of the project has already escalated. \"When the DPR was prepared in 2007, the cost was estimated to be Rs37.54 crore. Later, the cost was revised twice to Rs42.57 crore and Rs56.46 crore respectively,\" the RTI reply revealed.NMC had only four communications with JNNURM officials between 2008 and 2010 to pursue the matter. Since the last two years, there has been no follow up from the corporation.In the meanwhile, motorists using the road are forced to suffer a lot as the patch from LIC Square to Raj Bhavan Chowk has turned from bad to worse. \"Such is the chaos on roads that there are times when nothing moves and motorists are stranded for hours in pouring rain or the blazing Sun and they may still travel just a kilometre!There are many reasons why this thoroughfare witnesses such a chaos. For one, motorists do not follow road rules while many vehicles are parked haphazardly adding to the commotion already created by encroachments. There are a few constables to manage traffic as an increasing number of vehicles occupy major space on roads. The only solution to ease congestion is a flyover, said motorists.NMC's city engineer S Gaikwad said the project is pending with the central government. Mayor Anil Sole said he would look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415759", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation seeks Rs 20k cr for Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will seek funds worth Rs 20,000 crore from the central government in phase II of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) to complete water, sewage and transport projects.\"The PMC has to submit the proposal under JNNURM-II by October-end. The proposal will include completion of sewage treatment plants, new water supply projects and purchase of buses for PMPML, etc,\" municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak told a Congress delegation led by member of Parliament Suresh Kalmadi on Saturday.The delegation demanded that the civic body help the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited bring more buses on roads as the public transport in the city was crumbling. Pathak said political parties should support the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS).\"The civic body will seek central funds for a project to draw water from Bhama Askhed reservoir. Funds will also be sought for the High Capacity Mass Transit Route. Besides, we are working on the detailed project report for Parvati and Wadgaon water treatment plants,\" said Pathak.The Union government will launch the second phase of its urban renewal mission in about four months to cover infrastructure deficit throughout the country and manage huge urbanisation programmes.Phase II of the JNNURM, which will be carried out over the next five years, envisages a larger, more proactive role for the private sector in providing basic services to citizens. Capacity building, creation of municipal cadres in states and active involvement of citizens in the entire process will be essential in JNNURM II. With the Centre endorsement to private participation in shaping civic water supply and sanitation, the civic body will be able to speed up pending projects, such as installing water meters, leak detection and setting up new STPs, civic officials told the delegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16416872", "title": "Maharashtra University of Health Sciences plans to set up one college for every 5L persons", "text": "NASHIK: The annual 5-year perspective plan by Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) for 2012-13 to 2016-17 envisages, among other things, setting up a medical college for every five lakh persons.The university's registrar Dr Adinath Suryakar said the programme, involving a presentation of the 5-year plan, had been organized to impart information regarding rules and regulations concerning the application process to set up the colleges.\"The university's role ind development should be qualitative rather than quantitative. Only those colleges that send proposals to us according to rules and conditions will be granted permission to be set up,\" said Dr Arun Jamkar, MUHS vice- chancellor. Applications for new proposals will be accepted till October 31.\"While presenting the proposal for new colleges factors such as information about the number of admissions for health science branches at existing colleges etc will be considered,\" the vice-chancellor added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415681", "title": "Kite trade flutters to a slow death in Metiabruz", "text": "KOLKATA: The Metiabruz kite hub may be inching towards its end, putting at stake the livelihood of a group of people who survive on the business.Just a day to go for Vishwakarma Puja, when the city will wake up to screams of \"bho katta\", a TOI visit to Paharpur Road in Metiabruz found that the kite trade has suffered a severe blow in the last few years. From around 30 to 35 shops a decade ago, the number of stalls selling kites has shrunk to seven. If things continue like this, the day is not far when the trade will cease to exist in Metiabruz, feel kite-sellers.Aftab Hasan, one such trader on Paharpur Road, blames the hectic schedule of people and rising inflation for this declining trend. \"People nowadays are too tied up with work. Where's the time for flying kites? Plus, cost of all items is sky-rocketing. This forces us to increase prices of kites and other items. This is also turning away customers - mainly children and youths - from our shops,\" he explains.For example, Aftab says, \"A manja that I used to sell for Rs 270 in 2010 now costs Rs 320. But still we can't make profit. Our profit margin has shrunk to 4%. We're forced to continue with the business since we've no other option.\"S M Hasan, who's in the profession since 1974, fears the trade will die out in another eight to 10 years. \"We used to do around Rs 20-25 lakh business every year. We taught our children in English-medium schools with our earnings from kite business. They now work in MNCs. Why will they come in kite trade? The business is poised for a slow death,\" Hasan laments.\"Input cost has soared over the years. We're now focusing on making plastic kites to reduce making cost. This has reduced our cost by 30%, but still we fail to break even,\" Md Arif, another trader, says.The cost of labour has also spelled doom for the business, traders feel. \"Labourers get Rs 120 for making 1,000 kites. So nobody is interested in this profession. They now prefer to work as a zari labourers, where they get a daily wage of Rs 240. The rise of the zari industry in Metiabruz has struck the final nail in the kite industry's coffin,\" Aftab adds.However, a zari worker TOI spoke to says everything's not so hunky-dory like it appears from outside. \"We work for 14 to 15 hours a day for that Rs 240. It's the mahajan who's making the money. The situation hasn't changed much for us,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "16416870", "title": "Grandparents relive schooldays with toddlers", "text": "DUGRI: At Bal Bharati Public School, the atmosphere has a pleasing warmth on Saturday with the presence of about 100 grandparents who were invited for the Grandparents' Day celebrations. The children offered flowers to them as a welcome gesture and put up lively performances. The day began with a synchronized dance performance by 150 Montessori-I students on the song \"Kehne Ko Daadi\". A similar dance on \"Love You Grandma Grandpa\" was performed by about 100 students of Montessori II, who also narrated how grandparents help the kids in day to day life through another dance performance. Even the grandparents participated in the show and added colours to it with there performances like a violin piece performed by Harcharan Singh, grandfather of Simrat Kaur. Other performances by grandparents included a dance on \"Mere Ghar Aai Ek Nanhi Pari\" Aas Kalra's grandmother Ramanjeet Kaur, a moral talk by Tushti's grandfather Dharamvir Mahajan. The grandparents also participated in their children's activities like making snakes with paper pins, throw and catch, making pyramids with thermocol glasses, guessing the song, antakshari, laugh out loudly and lucky dip. The tiny tots gave handmade cards along with a surprise gift to their grandparents and took them back to their childhood by celebrating the day with them. The kids were told grandparents are an indispensable part of the family and the community and they should respect them and be courteous towards them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415058", "title": "Retailers throw caution to wind, sell sims in bulk", "text": "HYDERABAD: In spite of police and telecom companies' claims of keeping strict tabs on the sale of Subscriber Identity Modules or simply sim cards, the cards are readily available in the grey market raising concern given the increasing use of mobile phones by terror networks.An inquiry conducted by TOI revealed that the sims __ any number of them __ can be procured effortlessly by anybody, thanks largely to overzealous marketing strategies of service providers.Trade sources said retailers procure sim cards from distributors on the promised incentives of meeting sales targets. One of the service providers, known for its low cost services, currently offers Rs 70 per activation as incentive if the retailer manages 1000 activations in a month. Though this service provider does not charge for the sim card, the retailer has to make an investment of Rs 53 towards first recharge. Many retailers, however, decide to forego this investment and do not charge their customers anything on the purchase of sim cards in a bid to attract more customers who would help them meet targets. Retailers are also promised special bonus if sales go through the roof. So they simply give away connections to anybody who comes asking.More importantly, the activation process by service providers too is riddled with loopholes. The entire process raises several questions of accountability and serves to highlight the danger of misuse of the sim cards. Earlier, activation of a connection used to take 48 hours after the verification of documents. Now a retailer can activate a connection straightaway through the 'demo' number given to him by the service provider. A request is sent for activation by the retailer which is almost always approved. The verification follows, and takes at least a day or sometimes even a week.\"Retailers work out the economies of the business before the month begins and set targets. A retailer who activates 1000 connections makes at least Rs 17,000 as incentive even if he does not charge his customers on sim card purchase. Since it is all about volumes for them, they usually get hold of youngsters in their locality to pass on the message and even give them a small percentage of the profit,\" a source said.Mohammed Nawazuddin (name changed on request), a small trader from Talabkatta, is one of those who benefitted from the slack policies of service providers. He bought 1,200 activated cards of a leading company for one rupee each from an unknown person. \"Every card had talk time worth Rs 60 which I used to make calls to my friends and relatives. I used the cards over a period of one year and distributed 500 among others,\" he said adding that he also sold 200 cards to one of his friends for Rs 300.\"Retailers have to ensure that the person who is applying for the connection has to be present to sign the form. But many retailers, who exclusively set shop to make money through activation, seldom follow the rules. Service providers simply post their growth figures and gloat over them but they do not take into account that as much as 40% of their prepaid connections are discarded in a short time after purchase,\" added another trade source.Although Task Force officials of South Zone and East Zone said no incidents have come to their notice in the recent past regarding unregulated sale of sim cards a senior police official said, \"The situation demands stricter system of monitoring of sim cards sale. Now they are being misused by youngsters to talk to their friends. But what happens if some terrorist outfit buys these cards in bulk and put them to deadly use?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16416219", "title": "Free heart surgeries for poor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sri Sathya Sai Heart Hospital will organize a heart camp at GLS auditorium on Sunday where patients will be consulted by leading cardiac surgeons and those who need surgery will be operated free of cost at a later date.Organizers said that 700 patients have registered themselves for heart check-up at the camp. Last year, 750 patients were registered for the check-up after which 78 of them were operated for different heart ailments gratis.\"Most of these patients who register for the camp have been diagnosed with critical heart disease, but are unable to opt for surgery due to lack of financial resources. Such patients are operated free,\" said an organizer.Registered patients will be checked by cardiologist and ECG and Echo-2D tests will be carried out to assess the condition of the heart. Surgical consultancy will also be offered in the camp and deserving patients will be given a date on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16415893", "title": "Goa armed police personnel injured in Manipur blast", "text": "MAPUSA: Three constables of the Goa armed police (GAP) were injured in a powerful improvised explosive device at CI post Manipur 116 battalion camp, district Thobol.One civilian woman was killed while a Border security force hawaldar was seriously injured in the incident. The blast took place while the platoon was on patrolling duty at about 4.30pm.The two injured constables are from Pernem, while one is from St Cruz.The injured were rushed to the hospital and discharged later.Goa armed police's second batch of a PSI and 20 constables had been recently sent for training there.In Manipur and Assam , there are around 180 IRB personnel for training from Goa, sources said. GAP raised apprehension about the training program fearing the hostile conditions. The batch had left Goa on July 31. They escaped a blast on Independence Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415443", "title": "Lawyers on strike tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lawyers of the six district courts of Delhi will abstain from work on Monday to protest against the city government's decision to increase the number of revenue districts in the city to 11.\"The Government has not done any exercise for justifying its decision to create two more revenue districts. This is just a colorful exercise on the part of the government which is unnecessarily wasting public money,\" said R N Vats, chairman of the co-ordination committee of district court bar associations of Delhi.Drawing attention to the increased court fees, he said the government has added to the financial burden of the common man, while taking \"arbitrary\" decisions to increase the number of courts for which hundreds of crores of ruppees are being spent. \"...This has inconvenienced the litigants, as they have to travel large distances,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16417135", "title": "\u2018Navy needs to consolidate capabilities continuously\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: Navy needs to consolidate its capabilities continuously and 're-order' its preparations and training, said chief of Naval staff Admiral D K Joshi. He was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the flagging off of INS Sudarshini, which started a voyage to Asean countries, in Kochi on Saturday.Admiral Joshi, who recently took over as Naval chief said that newer technologies and installations were being inducted into the force for consolidating the Navy's capabilities.\"We have recently transited from the conventional to the nuclear domain. INS Vikramaditya, the new aircraft carrier, will come with its all integral MIG 29K aircraft that will bring to the table capabilities of an integral fighter aircraft that navy had never before,\" he said.On the induction of the first indigenously developed aircraft carrier being built at the Cochin Shipyard, he said he had been to the shipyard and held discussions with the shipyard chairman and managing director. \"There were some delays but CSL CMD informed that the delays were behind them and firm timelines are set,\" he said. INS Sudarshini, a three masted vessel with N Shyamsundar as commander, left Kochi with 31 crew members and 30 cadets. During the 12,000 mile expedition, the vessel will visit 13 ports in nine countries in Southeast Asia which include Padang, Bali and Manado in Indonesia, Port Muara in Brunei, Cebu and Manila in Philippines, Da Nang in Vietnam, Sihanoukville in Cambodia, Bangkok and Phuket in Thailand, Singapore, Port Klang in Malaysia and Sittwe in Myanmar during its six months long voyage. The voyage commemorates two decades of dialogue, partnership and a decade of summit level partnership with Asean countries.Ambassador Shyam Saran, co-chair of the Asean Indian Eminent Persons Group and other dignitaries including diplomats from Asean countries attended programme.Vice Admiral Satish Soni, flag officer commanding-in-chief of Southern Naval Command welcomed the gathering. Chetak helicopters of Navy flown by commander Vishnu and lieutenant commander Premji did angel formation during the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415912", "title": "Lakhs looted in Ghola", "text": "KOLKATA: A gang of six robbers raided a businessman's house in Ghola early on Saturday and robbed cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 2.5 lakh. No one has been arrested in this connection yet.The gang barged into the house of Biswajit Sarkar, a building materials supplier, around 2.30am. They prised open the collapsible gate and broke the door of the room where the family was sleeping. They held Sarkar's wife at gunpoint and emptied the almirah. \"All of them were wearing masks and were equipped with arms. They threatened me to kill my wife if I refused to hand over the keys to them. The entire operation was carried out in 30 minutes,\" said Sarkar.In another incident, a 45-year-old woman was robbed of Rs 42,000 by two bike-borne miscreants at Dakshinpara in Barasat on Saturday afternoon. tnnThe incident took place around 1.30 p.m. when Dipali Mukherjee, the woman and a resident of Sethpukur in Barasat was returning home carrying a bag after withdrawing money from a nationalized bank. Two youths came on a motorbike and snatched the bag from the woman. The woman raised an alarm, but the duo however managed to flee away before the locals rushed to the spot. The woman lodged a complaint with Barasat PS but no one has been arrested in this connection yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16421074", "title": "Ekta Tiwari in Fear Files", "text": "Fear Files aired on Zee TV has managed to impress the audiences with its spine tingling real life stories and the upcoming episode is set to thrill some more.Ekta Tiwari, who claimed to fame with her show 'Tere Mere Sapne' will be seen in an episodic of 'Fear Files' . Sources inform that the episode will revolve around a girl Shilpa (Ekta Tiwari) who comes to Mumbai to stay with her maternal uncle and aunt. The plot revolves around a haunted well in Mumbai. As per the storyline due to certain turn of events Shilpa gets possessed by some evil spirit.This particular episode is produced by Contiloe Telefilm's. The episode will also have actors like Shivraj Walvekar, Shivani Mahajan and Khushi Awasthi. When contacted, Ekta said, \"I can't divulge anything on the storyline. All I can say is that it's a very interesting and challenging role and I am happy to be a part of it. I too excited as am shooting for some underwater sequences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415863", "title": "Eyes in the sky will keep watch over Gultekdi wholesale market", "text": "PUNE: The city-based agriculture produce market committee (APMC) will install closed circuit television cameras (CCTV) in the Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji Marketyard, spread over 150 acres in Gultekdi.The wholesale market, which has an annual turnover of Rs 4,000 crore, is visited by close to 35,000 traders, vegetable suppliers, commission agents, labourers, vendors and individual buyers every day. It has around 5,000 licence holders like labourers, traders and commission agents.B G Deshmukh, administrator of the market committee said, \"After the serial blasts on J M road, I decided to set up CCTV cameras at the market, as thousands of people visit here every day. It is difficult to watch every person or conduct a thorough check-up of every visitor to the wholesale market. CCTV cameras will not only help us curb incidents of theft and quarrels but even prevent terror attacks.\"The APMC collects one per cent cess on every transaction inside the market, which annually fetches it Rs 40 crore. Part of this will be utilised to install CCTV cameras, Deshmukh said. He has appointed a security consultant firm to prepare a report about safety measures to be taken. The firm will soon submit the report, which will also recommend the number and locations of cameras to be installed, a surveillance room and system for response during emergency. The vegetable and fruit market starts functioning at the crack of dawn so some cameras will have to function in the dark and in low light. Deshmukh said that he had informed the consultancy firm about such requirements.\"The idea of installing CCTV cameras and implementation of security measures has elicited a guarded response from traders. I have made it clear that the cameras will not encroach on their business privacy and that they have to be there as a safety measure,\" he said.The CCTV cameras are to be installed mainly to record the movements of people and catch any suspicious activity so that timely alerts can be issued. Theft is a not a serious issue in the market because most of the business transactions are carried out on the basis of personal contacts. The administration had also mandated parking of vehicles outside the market yard in 2005, which not only limited the number of people working at one shop but also ensured smooth functioning of business inside the yard. Earlier, various groups of labourers used to work at the shops and thieves used to take advantage of the crowd to steal cash. After the decision was taken to park vehicles outside the market, thefts dropped by 95%, Deshmukh claimed.Speaking to TOI on condition of anonymity, a senior trader at the APMC said, \"The decision to install CCTV cameras appears good in principal, but the cameras should not be installed inside the shops. Most of the shops in the market are not very big and some financial transactions might get recorded on camera. We are against it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16420537", "title": "Asrani on RK Laxman Ki Duniya", "text": "The celebrations and festivities continue on SAB TV as the cast and crew of 'RK Laxman Ki Duniya' now bracing themselves to greet a special guest on the occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi.The special guest happens to be none other than Bollywood's veteran comic actor Asrani.Sources inform that the show which revolves around the life of a common man, Bhavesh Vasavda's ( Atul Parchure) joys and sorrows will see an interesting track in the upcoming episode.In today's time when the festival of Ganesh Chaturthi is celebrated in a lavish way spending huge amount of money, the common man Bhavesh and his family will celebrate it without wasting money and useful resources.Bhavesh and the members of his colony will decide that instead of having too many Ganpati Idol's in separate houses they will have only one Ganpati Idol. They will bring an eco-friendly Ganpati to give out a social message through its story.Veteran actor Asrani will attend the Ganesh Chaturthi function as a special guest and will praise the efforts and hard work put in by Bhavesh and his colony members.When contacted, Asrani said, \"Yes, I am doing a special episode of 'RK Laxman Ki Duniya' but I can't comment anything on my role as I am yet to start shooting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16416472", "title": "Generation M: Inheritors of the new world", "text": "They ask their parents if there was electricity in their time. Sometimes they ask if postcards and telegrams were the only ways of reaching out to people \"in that age\". You can't blame them, though. After all,this is a generation that has seen nothing of the last century, crawled straight into the Internet and lisped right away into the cell phone. They will be the new millennium's first teenagers \u2014 many of whom went online when they were 4 to 7 years old, and owned their first cell phones when they were 9. In the first survey of its kind, commissioned by Sunday Times,we get a wonderful peep into the mind of the post-millennial teen, and some fascinating facts to ponder. While some of it may worry you (70 % have lied about their age to get into Facebook), most will warm your heart (64% see their parents as friends) and give you a better introduction to the inheritors of the new world.And this will be a bunch of young boys and girls much more confident and at ease in the driver's seat. Like 12-year-old Arsh Srivastava from Chandigarh who uses a Galaxy S Android smartphone \u2014 his recent favourite is the S3 - and has put his granddad on FB, even teaching the old man how to use Google and Gmail. Here's looking at you, kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "16417171", "title": "PM roared like 'Singham' only twice: Narendra Modi", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Chief minister Narendra Modi continued targeting the Centre, particularly Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during the fourth leg of 'Vivekanand Yuva Vikas Yatra'. The fourth leg of the yatra kicked off at Karjan and traversed in Bharuch and Anand districts.While speaking at Karjan, Modi took potshots at Singh and targeted him over foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail. Well aware of the fact that cotton was grown extensively around Karjan, Modi also raised the issue of the ban on cotton export.Modi said the export of cotton was banned at a time in March when its prices in the international markets were very high. \"This led to farmers in Gujarat making losses of Rs 15,000 crore. Why was the ban implemented at such a time? There is no reply to such questions,\" Modi said. He said that while the US produced lesser cotton than India, it was the highest exporter of the product.Speaking on FDI in retail, Modi said it would lead to major unemployment and crores of small traders and manufacturers will be affected. He said Singh had behaved boldly like 'Singham' and roared only twice - once when he cleared the nuclear deal and now when he cleared FDI in retail. In an oblique reference to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's foreign origin, Modi said Singh will have to explain how much of investment in retail would be coming from Italy.Referring to the coalgate, Modi said the Congress had stooped too low. \"We have heard people stealing valuables like jewellery, but have you heard of someone stealing coal. This Congress ate coal worth Rs 2 lakh crore. It should be renamed as All India Koyla Congress,\" he said.Raking up a controversy regarding an abattoir that was allegedly named 'Arihant' and had Union minister Kapil Sibal's wife as a partner, Modi said some Jain citizens had brought this to his notice in Bhavnagar and asked him to inquire about it. He said that while he was unable to do so, he would definitely take the issue to the public. \"The centre gives Rs 15 crore subsidy for an abattoir, it cannot do so for cotton,\" he added.At Borsad in Anand district, the Congress organized a 'Hisab do, javab do' programme to counter Modi's programme. Congress leaders also held a protest with black flags at Borsad Chokdi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16417236", "title": "100 species at risk of extinction", "text": "The spoon-billed sandpiper , three-toed sloth and a long-beaked echidna named after Sir David Attenborough are among the 100 most endangered species in the world, according to a new study.The list of at-risk species has been published as conservationists warn that rare mammals, plants and fungi are being sacrificed as their habitats are appropriated for human use.More than 8,000 scientists from the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Species Survival Commission (IUCN SSC) helped compile the list of species closest to extinction, which was published by the Zoological Society of London (ZSL).Conservationists fear the species in 48 countries may die out because they don't offer obvious benefits to humans. The list is headed by the \"weird and wonderful\" spoon-billed sandpiper which breeds in Russia and migrates to Bangladesh and Myanmar . There are just 100 breeding pairs of the birds left in the wild with that number declining by a quarter annually.There are also just 500 pygmy three-toed sloths left on the uninhabited Isla Escudo de Veraguas , 10 miles off the coast of Panama. They are half the size of sloths found on the mainland and are the smallest and slowest sloths in the world. But their numbers are declining with fishermen and lobster divers \"opportunistically\" hunting the small animals, the report said.Zaglossus attenboroughi, or Attenborough's echidna, named after the eminent naturalist and BBC wildlife expert, is one of just five surviving species of monotreme, ancient egg-laying mammals found in Australia and New Guinea 160 million years ago. Today the mammal's home is the Cyclops Mountains of the Papua Province of Indonesia but it has been listed as in danger due to the destruction of its habitat by loggers, agricultural encroachment and hunting.Professor Jonathan Baillie, the ZSL's director of conservation, said: \"The donor community and conservation movement are leaning increasingly towards a 'what can nature do for us' approach, where species and wild habitats are valued and prioritised according to the services they provide for people.\"This has made it increasingly difficult for conservationists to protect the most threatened species on the plant. While the utilitarian value of nature is important , conservation goes beyond this. Do these species have a right to survive or do we have a right to drive them to extinction ?\"The ZSL's Ellen Butcher, who co-wrote the report, said: \"All the species listed are unique and irreplaceable . If we take immediate action we can give them a fighting chance for survival. But this requires society to support the moral and ethical position that all species have an inherent right to exist.\"Most Endangered | facts and figuresAraripe Manakin, Antilophia Bokermanni Found in: Brazil Numbers left: 779Sumatran RhinocerosDicerorhinus sumatrensis Found in: Malaysia, Indonesia Numbers left: 250 individualsPygmy three-toed slothBradypus pygmaeus Found in: Panama Numbers left: 500Spoon-billed sandpiperEurynorhynchus pygmeus Found in: Russia, Bangladesh &amp; Burma Numbers left: 100 breeding pairsTonkin snub-nosed monkeyRhinopithecus avunculus Found in: Vietnam Numbers left: 200-- The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16420734", "title": "Greed behind publication of Kate\u2019s topless pics", "text": "The topless pictures of the Duchess of Cambridge, which were taken while she was on a holiday in France, are being published across Europe despite a threat by Prince William to bring legal action for the \"extreme intrusion into their marriage\".In a sign of the couple's growing anger, a St James's Palace spokesman accused newspapers and magazines that have published the pictures of being motivated only by greed.Richard Desmond , the British media mogul who owns the Express and Star newspapers and Channel 5, was dragged into the row after a title he co-owns in Ireland published the intimate images.Desmond's Northern and Shell Group said it \"abhorred\" the decision to publish by the Irish Daily Star and was taking steps that could lead to the newspaper in Ireland being closed.Lawyers acting for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have already begun a civil action against the French magazine, Closer, and are set to launch another against the Italian publication, Chi, the Telegraph reported.Both titles are owned by Silvio Berlusconi , the former prime minister of Italy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16422093", "title": "No immediate plan of the railways to run more trains via Karjat-Panvel route", "text": "PUNE: The railways have no plans in the immediate future to run more trains via Karjat-Panvel route. The railways at present are running three trains - the Pune-Mumbai Pragati intercity express, Pune-Manmad-Bhusaval and the Pune-Ernakulam bi-weekly express, from this route.Divisional railway manager Pune, Vishal Agarwal who spoke to railway commuters groups recently said that the railways have no immediate plan to run more trains from the Karjat-Panvel route. Agarwal said that the response from the passengers about running the Pragati express from the route has been very positive. Many passengers have welcomed the idea, he said.The railways revised the schedule of the Pragati express from August this year and diverted it via Karjat-Panvel route instead of the Karjat-Kalyan route. Of the five inter-city trains that operate between Pune and Mumbai every day, Pragati is the only one to go via Panvel. The train route was first changed on an experimental basis on July 7. The experimental run was extended three times before it was made a permanent feature from August 1.Meanwhile, railway commuters groups have urged the railways to introduce holiday special train between Pune and Jammu Tavi as there is heavy rush of people visiting Vaishnodevi temple. Replying to the demand, Agarwal said that the Pune division will forward the demand to the Mumbai Central office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419747", "title": "An image check!", "text": "As a few women go for 'mirror fasting' to improve self-image, Purba Dutt asks why confidence has become such a visual quality these days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "16417417", "title": "Pirates' deadline ends, no help for Aman yet", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Parents of 21-year-old Aman Sharma, who has been in the clutches of Somali pirates for the past two years, have almost lost all hope now as the deadline set by the abductors for paying the ransom ended on Saturday.On September 12, Aman called up his father and said: \"Dad, there is no progress from the Indian side, these people (pirates) are very frustrated now and this may be my last call to you. Sorry, I couldn't support you in your old age.\"Aman, who belongs to Jawali village in Kangra district of Himachal Pradesh , had joined the merchant navy when he was 18. He was part of the crew of 23 aboard a vessel captured by the Somali pirates on November 16, 2010, around 293 nautical miles off Maldives. The pirates had fixed September 15 as the deadline for paying the ransom. The crew included seven from Pakistan and Bangladesh, six from Sri Lanka, two from India and one from Iran.Kewal Sharma, Aman's father, said Pakistan succeeded in getting their men released from the captivity. \"The pirates have already killed Raju Parsad from Kolkata,\" he said. \"Aman was too nervous and has almost given up. We are struggling to get some more time from the pirates. I am leaving for Mumbai to meet the director general of shipping. I shall meet the authorities in Delhi as well,\" he added.The villagers have also formed an Aman Bachao Samiti and held several protests and submitted memorandums to the President and Prime Minister through local administration.Aman's mother Pushpa Devi said: \"My soul is with my son. We are begging the pirates to give us 15 more days and I am sure my prayers would be answered.\"Sources said the pirates sought around $10 million and release of 61 pirates who are in Indian jails now. Sources said the ministry of external affairs had written to director general of shipping in Mumbai but nothing has materialized so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16416015", "title": "Man hacks wife's lover to death", "text": "MALDA: Overcome with jealousy, a man hacked his wife's paramour to death on Friday. Police are on the lookout for the accused. But before fleeing home, he dumped the body in front of a neighbours house to evade arrest.Probe revealed that Locals of Srinibashpur under Golapganj police outpost at Kaliachak noticed a body lying in front of Bhabesh Mondal's house and informed police. The 25-year-old had several deep gashes on his body. On tracking the blood trail, the cops were led to the house of one Paresh Mondal. The man not being at home, police started interrogating his wife who eventually broke down and blurted out the truth.Jalpana, resident of Srinibashpur and a bidi binder, said that she had developed an affair with Pankaj Singh. When her husband got to know of it, he laid a trap and killed Singh with the help of two relatives. But before fleeing home, Pankaj dumped the body in front of his neighbour's house to evade arrest conceded that the murdered person was Pankaj Singh, a bidi trader of Baishnabnagar. Pankaj developed an affair with Jalpana which was revealed to Paresh last night. From local sources it is learnt that getting to know about the illicit affair Paresh had laid a trap last night and killed Pankaj taking the chance.Infuriated Paresh began to chop Pankaj with a heavy sickle. His wife too helped him in the murder. After killing Pankaj they dragged the body near the house of neighbor Bhabesh. It was to pass the suspicion to Bhabesh. But Paresh managed to flee. Police came to know about the relatives of Paresh-Pashupati Rabidas and Jayanti Rabidas-who were involved in this crime. Police Super Jayanta Pal said, \"We have arrested three including two women in charge of murder and started a case.\" Police are looking for Paresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16415939", "title": "Verem now gets two new high-capacity water tanks", "text": "CALANGUTE: Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar on Thursday inaugurated two new water tanks, built by the PWD, next to the football ground in Verem.The tanks have a capacity of 10 lakh and eight lakh litres and are expected to provide some relief to the villagers from the water shortage problem faced by them.PWD minister Ramakrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, who was scheduled to inaugurate the facility, could not make it to the function because of \"pressing engagements\" elsewhere.Present on the occasion were Reis Magos-Verem sarpanch Subhash Pednekar, Jayesh Salgaonkar of the North Goa zilla panchayat, and other panch members.\"I had heard that the biggest problem in Verem was water scarcity. At least with this, there will be some relief, with water available for at least three-four hours every day. That should increase to eight hours a day by 2013 when the water treatment plant at Guirim becomes a reality,\" Parulekar said after the inauguration. He also promised to solve two other problems being faced by villagers-underground power cables and a new bypass to ease congestion at the Verem junction, before the end of his tenure. He requested the co-operation of the people to do this.Sarpanch Pednekar said that it was good that the problem of water scarcity has been solved, and also expressed the hope that their MLA would also solve the problems of electricity, garbage management and other issues of public utilities.Tourism Minister Promises Underground Power Cables, New Bypass Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16416884", "title": "\u2018Club members undergo regular checkups\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Many hospitals in the city have formed juvenile diabetes support groups to help kids suffering from the disease cope better. At Christian Medical College and Hospital, the group was formed in 2004. Dr Valsa Abraham said: \"The purpose of this club is to encourage children and young adults with Type I diabetes to lead a more productive live and guide them in the treatment of their disease.\" He added, \"The club serves as a forum for the children to express their views about their disease. It encourages them to make friends with other children and lead a normal happy life.\" The members of the club undergo regular checkups and learn to manage themselves in varied medical conditions associated with the disease. In addition to this, families and doctors provide them constant support, guidance and encouragement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16418666", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi: AMC urges to bring down noise pollution", "text": "MUMBAI: Ahead of Ganapati festival, the Association of Medical Consultants (AMC) raised the awareness about noise-pollution. They also condemned the state government's decision to allow the use of loud speakers on Ananth Chaturthi (tenth day of the festival) till midnight. AMC members said that the extension of deadline would only worsen the noise pollution in the city.As per norms laid out by the World Health Organization (WHO), the noise levels in the residential areas should be 55 dB during the day and 45 dB during night. AMC members pointed out that last year, during the festival the noise levels were above 80 dB as per official government records. \"Noise is now part of our lives. However, it is very important to control it, particularly during festivals when decibel levels hit a new high,\" said Yeshwant Oke, founder secretary, anti-noise committee. Other member doctors pointed out that rising noise levels are known to be directly linked to hypertension, diabetes , increased irritation and even perforation in the ear drum.\"It also causes narrowing of blood vessels which can have dizzying effect on human beings. We are constantly bombarded with various forms of noises, particularly those emanating from vehicles and other machines. Louder noises in residential areas during festivals can have even harmful effects on all those living around mandaps which play loud music. This is why noise should be regulated and people made more aware of the adverse effects of being exposed to loud sounds,\" another speaker said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16420924", "title": "Saudi Arabia halts deportation of Abu Jundal's aide Fasih Mohammed", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will now have to wait for Fasih Mohammed, accused of being involved in conspiracy of bomb blasts in Bangalore and Delhi, as Saudi Arabia has red- flagged his deportation from there saying they want to investigate his role in that country carefully before taking a call on New Delhi's request for handing him over.This was conveyed through diplomatic as well as security agency-to-agency meetings within days after the news about deportation of Syed Zabiuddin alias Abu Jundal from that country came to light, official sources said.While the Saudi authorities officially confirmed his detention there, they conveyed that they were examining his role and stay 'carefully' in that country.Interestingly, National Security Advisor Shivshanker Menon, during his address to the Directors and Inspectors General of police last week, cited this as an example saying Saudi authorities were not happy with the way details of the Abu Jundal operation were made public by the security agencies involved in the operation.Menon was speaking on maintaining a high-level of secrecy in such operations and not expose the countries which were helping India in its fight against terrorism.The National Security Advisor wanted secrecy to be maintained at all levels in handling cases of international terrorism as the acts have \"dangerous propensity of international embarrassment\".Jundal, the 26/11 handler who is in jail in Mumbai, was deported to India by the Saudi authorities in June as part of enhanced intelligence and security related cooperation between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415490", "title": "Catharsis for feature in Pune races", "text": "PUNE: Shyam Habbu-trained Catharsis, who had finished second to Bizarro in his previous outing, is expected to make amends this time and claim the Panchshil Juvenile Million, the feature event of the Sunday's Pune Races. Smart Strider is next best in the field. There are nine races on Sunday and the first will start at 1 pm.Selections:1. Amarilo Plate (2000m): Limitless Hills 1, Neath 2. 2. Yana Trophy (1000m): Winter Wind 1, Encore 2. 3. Chakori Trophy (1200m): Caribbean Queen 1, Pure Elation 2.4. Act In Time Plate (1600m): Soli Deo Gloria 1, Lola 2. 5. Glensanda Plate-Div-I (1400m): Augustus 1, Intequam 2. 6. DNA Salver (1400m): Hamlet 1, Sun Salutation 2.7. Panchshil Juvenile Million (1200m): Catharsis 1, Smart Strider 2. 8. Alameda Plate (1000m): Blue Sea 1, Ice Empire 2. 9. Glensanda Plate-Div-II (1400m): Zanthos 1, Josephine 2. Day's best: Hamlet.Relief for ShroffThe Board Of Appeal of the Royal Western India Turf Club on Saturday decided to allow trainer Pesi Shroff's appeal to remove the conditional reprieve granted to him by the stewards in the Boldenone case and ordered to expunge the punishment from his records.\"The Board has also told Shroff that stewards may reopen his case if any fresh evidence is presented to them in future,\" said Behram Engineer, secretary to BOA. Next Sunday, the stewards will hear feed supplement manufacturer Boehringer's claim that they have tested the samples and found no contamination in the Boldenone controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419352", "title": "Olga Kurylenko rubbishes Tom Cruise dating rumours", "text": "Bond girl Olga Kurylenko has clarified that the photographs of her kissing Tom Cruise were from her movie 'Oblivion' in which she is co-starring with the actor.Photographs of the 32-year-old actress with Tom Cruise have been doing the rounds lately, fuelling the rumours that the couple are dating.The 'Quantum of Solace' star revealed that photographs were from the set of 'Oblivion,' a sci-fi adventure movie filmed in Iceland earlier this year.\"Those shots were clearly from the set. There was a spaceship next to us!\" the Daily Mail quoted her as telling Complex magazine.The 'Quantum of Solace' star won the coveted role of Cruise's love interest Julie in the high-profile movie, that also has Morgan Freeman.However, she revealed that she is dating her 'Magic City' co-star Danny Huston, a feature film actor who played Stryker in 'X-Men Origins': Wolverine.The couple met during the first season of 'Magic City.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16416052", "title": "Inter-ministerial group cancels three more coal blocks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Saturday cancelled three more coal blocks allocated to private companies, including SKS Ispat and Power Ltd, which has Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahai's younger brother as an \"honorary\" director, even as it cleared the allocation of two blocks to Reliance Power's Sasan Power Limited.The inter-ministerial group (IMG) examining cases where allottees have failed to operationalize coal blocks allocated to them has also recommended confiscation of bank guarantees in four other cases.Unlike the last round, the de-allocation recommendations on Saturday concern some known names in the industry. Those affected are Tata Sponge Iron Limited, JSW Steel Ltd, Bhushan Steel Limited and SKS Ispat.So far, seven coal blocks are facing de-allocation and an equal number can lose bank guarantees. The IMG, mandated to review performance of 58 blocks out of which 29 belong to private companies, will meet again on Monday.Allottee given March '13 deadline to start miningThe allottee of one block has been asked to deposit a bank guarantee within a month and begin operations before March, 2013.Sahai is under fire for writing to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh seeking a coal bock for SKS Ispat without disclosing his brother being on its board. SKS Ispat and Power Ltd had been allocated Rawanwara North coal block. Allocation of New Patrapada block in Odisha to Bhushan Steel Limited has been cancelled along with those of Gourangdih ABC coal block to JSW Steel Ltd and Himachal EMTA Power Ltd.The IMG did not recommend deduction of bank guarantee or de-allocation in case of Moher and Moher Amlohri coal blocks given to Sasan Power Ltd and Pachmo block allocated to Tata Steel Ltd.Forfeiture of bank guarantee was recommended in case of Bihajan block given to Bhusan Ltd and Radhikapur East blocks allocated to Tata Sponge Iron Ltd, an official source said.In case of Nerad Malegaon block allotted to Gupta Metaliks and Power Ltd &amp; Gupta Coalfields Ltd and Lohari block given to Usha Martin Ltd , the IMG recommended forfeiting of bank guarantee. The CAG report presented to Parliament on August 17 said coal block allocations led to a notional loss of Rs 1.86 lakh crore and also alleged the blocks were given out in non-transparent manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16421307", "title": "NTR to resume shooting for Baadshah", "text": "Young tiger NTR will resume shooting for his upcoming action entertainer Baadshah from Monday (September 17). The actor will be seen in action at specially erected sets in various locations in Hyderabad for the next ten days. Baadshah unit will leave to Bangkok once again and film the remaining action scenes on NTR and other support cast. The makers are planning to release the teaser of Baadshah on September 24 to coincide with director Srinu Vaitla's birthday. Producer Bandla Ganesh has already announced that the film would hit the marquee for 2013 Sankranthi and the audio will be out in December. Navdeep, who has been seen in more cameos than lead roles in the recent past, is all set to play the main villain in this film. Kajal Aggarwal is playing the female lead in this film and S S Taman is scoring the music. Gopi Mohan and Kona Venkat are providing the script.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415635", "title": "Burglars\u2019 arrest solves 4-year-old murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police claim to have cracked the Hanslata Maheshwari murder case of 2008 with the arrest of three burglars in the Green Park area on Friday. Maheshwari, 75, was gagged and murdered by robbers at her GK-II house while her son and daughter-in-law were away watching an IPL match. Sripal (65), Birpal (35) and Bijender alias Petcheera (25) reportedly had a fourth accomplice, Roshan, who was killed in an accident last year.\"While probing a burglary in the Hauz Khas area, we collected details of criminals with similar modus-operandi. The details helped us zero in on this gang, and on September 14 they were picked up from the Green Park market area on a tip-off. The three have admitted their involvement in several burglaries and in the murder of a senior citizen in 2008,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP south.Maheshwari, who lived on the ground floor of the GK-II house, was killed on June 1, 2008. Her son, daughter-in-law and granddaughter had gone out in the evening, locking the main gate. But when they returned around 10.15pm, the gate was open and the house had been ransacked. Maheshwari was lying bound up in the bathroom with several injuries to the head. She was declared dead in hospital.The suspects told police they lived in Munirka in 2008 and had gone scouting for a house to burgle when they came across Maheshwari's house that was locked and dark. They came to Masjid Moth and had liquor before breaking into the house. They were surprised to find Maheshwari home and warned her to remain silent, but when she raised an alarm, they tied and gagged her, and then bludgeoned her to death.They also told police they had dumped the body in the bathroom and carried away cash, jewellery and expensive articles like shades, watches, a camera and a music system. Around 200 people were interrogated about the robbery and murder at the time but there was no breakthrough.Police have learnt that the three are part of a gang headed by three men, Bittoo, Ram Parkash and Inderpal, from Sambhal (UP) who control a number of smaller gangs of 8-10 members each. The burglars targeted flats and bungalows, and escaped to their villages every time.\"At times, they rented houses near upscale localities posing as plumbers and mechanics and surveyed the area for houses to target,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16420342", "title": "Education has to be qualitative: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has said the government and private educational institutions should provide qualitative education to children and the eligibility criteria for appointment of teachers must be strictly adhered to.A bench of justices B S Chauhan and F M Ibrahim Kalifulla said that life of democracy depends on a high standard of education which must be maintained at all costs.\"It is a well-accepted fact that democracy cannot be flawless but we can strive to minimize these flaws with proper education. Democracy depends for its very life on a high standard of general, vocational and professional education. Dissemination of learning with search for new knowledge with discipline all round must be maintained at all costs,\" the bench said.\"Education and particularly that of elementary/basic education has to be qualitative and for that the trained teachers are required. The Legislature in its wisdom after consultation with the expert body fixes the eligibility for a particular discipline taught in a school. Thus, the eligibility so fixed require very strict compliance and any appointment made in contravention there of must be held to be void,\" the bench said.The court passed the observation while adjudication a case pertaining to termination of job of a teacher who was not having requisite qualification.\"Provision of free and compulsory education of satisfactory quality to children from disadvantaged and weaker sections is, therefore, not merely the responsibility of schools run or supported by the appropriate governments, but also of schools which are not dependent on government funds,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415304", "title": "BJP protests against FDI, diesel price hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP leaders took to the streets on Saturday protesting the diesel price hike and the Centre's decision to allow FDI in retail. Senior party member Venkaiah Naidu , city unit president Vijender Gupta, former Union minister Vijay Goel and leader of the opposition in Delhi assembly, V K Malhotra, led supporters in a march from Jantar Mantar towards parliament, and courted arrest.Naidu said the government had announced controversial policy decisions to divert attention from issues like the coal block allocation. He demanded a complete rollback of the hike in diesel prices. \"UPA allies should decide whether they are with farmers or with this government. They should either convince the government to rollback the decisions or withdraw support,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16415982", "title": "Ivory tusks worth 10L seized at Saligao", "text": "CALANGUTE: Elephant ivory tusks weighing almost seven kg and worth an estimated Rs 10 lakh were seized from two persons by the Calangute police at Saligao junction on Friday evening.One more person was nabbed in this connection from Canacona later in the evening. All the three accused are residents of Karwar, Karnataka.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said he along with other policemen were on routine patrolling at the Saligao junction at around 4pm when they noticed two persons moving around with a khaki-coloured backpack. On suspicion, the police team stopped the two men and asked them to open the bag. On opening the bag, they found three pieces of elephant ivory tusks. Two of the pieces were of one elephant tusk cut into two.One of the pieces was 47 cm long and weighed 2.6 kg, and the other piece was 45 cm long and weighed three kg. When joined together, they formed one tusk of 97 cm. The third piece was 15.6 cm long and weighed 1.39 kg. The seized ivory, weighing nearly seven kg, is estimated to be worth 10.5 lakh.The police immediately took the two men, Vijay Kumar Naik and Sandeep Naik, into custody and later placed them under arrest. During questioning, the police discovered that the duo had one more accomplice who was waiting for them in Canacona.Raposo then took one of the accused and rushed to Canacona, where they managed to intercept the third accused Victor Telles at Polem. He was taken into cusotdy and then brought to the Calangute police station for further questioning.Police have registered an offence under Sections 9, 44 (1) (a), 49B and 51 of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972. Speaking to TOI, Raposo said, \"It appears that the elephant tusks are from an elephant poached in Karnataka by hunters.\" Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16416056", "title": "Government, PSUs, Cial to hold 26% Air Kerala shares", "text": "KOCHI: The government, public sector institutions and the Cochin International Airport Ltd (Cial) together will hold 26% of shares of Air Kerala, the company that will execute the dream project of Kerala to launch an airline of its own.The remaining shares will be mobilized from the public, mainly from overseas Keralites, chief minister Oommen Chandy who is also the chairman of Air Kerala, told reporters here after the maiden director board meeting of the company held on the sidelines of the Emerging Kerala meet here on Friday.The company would require Rs 200 crore initially and each shareholder is expected to chip in a minimum of Rs 10,000. The face value of the shares will however remain Rs 10, but each investor is expected to purchase at least 1,000 shares.The director board decided to request the Centre for an early waiver for Air Kerala from the conditions that only the airlines with five years of domestic flying experience and owning a fleet of 20 aircraft would be permitted to launch international flight operations. \"We will launch international flights as soon as the waivers are obtained.\"But sources in the company said Air Kerala might soon start domestic flights without waiting for the waiver from the Centre to operate international services. The consultant, Ernst and Young, has been asked to prepare a feasibility report within three months. , revising the earlier report they had prepared in 2006., when Air Kerala was originally launched.Earlier Air Kerala had only four directors including the chief minister. Now four more directors, the finance minister K M Mani, the industries minister P K Kunhalikutty, the minister in charge of airports K Babu and the minister in charge of NRK affairs K C Joseph have been inducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16415251", "title": "AITA extends 'ban' on Bhupathi, Bopanna till 2014", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The All India Tennis Association (AITA) hardened its stand against Olympic rebels Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna , extending their ban from the national team till June 30, 2014.Bhupathi and Bopanna were not considered for the ongoing Davis Cup tie against New Zealand, but the executive committee members, who met on Saturday, felt that they deserved a longer punishment.\"The committee has decided that Bhupathi and Bopanna should not be considered for selection in the Indian team till the end of June in 2014,\" AITA secretary Bharat Oza said at the end of the meeting which took place over two sessions, adding that \"we are not calling it a ban.\"Bhupathi and Bopanna had both refused to be paired with Leander Paes at the London Olympics, threatening to skip the Games unless the two of them were not sent as a team. They ultimately had their way after political intervention forced the AITA to send two teams.The committee also decided that in the light of the new-look young team's 'fine performance' against New Zealand, they will be retained for next year's ties, the first of which is likely to be in February. \"Unless necessary, the members felt that we should stick to the same set of players... The selectors will take the final call after considering the rivals,\" Oza informed TOI.That effectively means that Paes, who was granted a break from Davis Cup duty to play World Team Tennis, and Somdev Devvarman , who pulled out of the ongoing tie due to lack of fitness despite having resumed playing on the circuit starting with the Olympics, won't be considered for selection next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16416757", "title": "Continuing Medical Education on trauma care", "text": "KANPUR: A Continuing Medical Education (CME) programme on 'Trauma Care: Current Perspective' was held at the Air Force Hospital on Saturday with the aim of making physicians aware of the improving modalities of dealing with trauma patients in both military and civilian settings.Air marshal T Nagaraj, principal medical officer, Maintenance Command, Indian Air Force, was the chief guest on the occasion. Nagaraj holds the unique distinction of serving in all the three wings of the Armed Forces.During his address, the air marshal stressed upon the importance of education and awareness regarding trauma cases among all personnel. He discussed various facts pertaining to trauma management, including the benefits of pre-hospital care which has been recognised as the weakest link in our national programmes.The conference covered diverse topics, including surgical, resuscitative and psychological aspects with special emphasis on trauma in battlefield and amongst children.It was attended by faculty and delegates from 7 Air Force Hospital, Regency Hospital and doctors from units in Maintenance Command, IAF from as far as Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu.Speaking on the occasion, Air Officer Commanding 7 Air Force Hospital, Air Commodore Rakesh Kumar Ranyal Seva Medal, the chief organiser thanked the participating faculty for their valuable and experienced advice to the participating delegates.He impressed upon the need for each individual to be sensitised towards trauma at all stages of life, including manifest as well as non manifest-trauma. He also emphasised on the need for basic training to provide necessary care to a trauma victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415628", "title": "Youth get feel of 'Parliament'", "text": "MUMBAI: As an extension of the annual visits to Parliament initiated by MP Milind Deora, a 'youth parliament' was organized at the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on Saturday. Eighty students from 20 colleges took part in the 'parliamentary proceedings' at the Convention Hall in the BSE.\"Today's students are the future leaders of our country and it is our responsibility to expose them to our constitution and governing system. The Youth Parliament is a concept which was born out of this thought; its aim is to give an opportunity for today's youth to actually experience a behind the scenes look at what a day in Lok-Sabha entails,\" said Deora, who started this initiative in 2009. The event gives a select group of students an opportunity to experience a day in Parliament. during the winter session.At the youth parliament session, various high impact issues such as FDI in retail , rotting foodgrain, uniform civil code, fiscal deficit etc. were discussed.d with adroit dexterity. Minister for sports and youth affairs, Ajay Maken , was the chief guest for the event.\"The procedural resemblance and analogous use of language to that in the Lok Sabha was astonishing,\". Participants had researched their subjects well and the speeches were relevant and articulate. I congratulate Milind, BSE , the organizers and participants for creating and executing such an interesting concept. I wish such module is replicated and implemented across the country for my young friends, it's a great learning experience,\" said minister of sports and youth affairs Ajay Maken, who was the chief guest. Fifty of the students have been selected for a tour of Parliament during the winter session in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16417572", "title": "US electoral college maths favours Obama", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419696", "title": "Vennela one and a half has a live interval", "text": "Actor Vennela Kishore's directorial debut Vennela 1 \u00bd is releasing on September 21. And the director is planning to surprise everyone in the form of a 'live interval', an innovative and a first of its kind idea.The thought is a make believe that the movie runs during the interval part of the film too. The movie's lead characters - Brahmanandam and Vennela Kishore's visuals would be running on the screen, providing some amusement to the audiences who stay in their seats during the interval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16416041", "title": "Country's first programme to protect infrastructure in state soon", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand is now set to lead the country's first project on critical infrastructure protection (CIP) after having earned the distinction of becoming the first state in the country to have a dedicated cyber defence research centre (CDRC) to cater for not just investigation of cyber crimes but also for research.Under the project, the CDRC will study cyber security level of certain important government establishments, plan fake attacks and develop programmes to detect and counter them accordingly. The idea was conceived by CDRC after the recent attack on nuclear facility in Iraq last month in which cyber experts found a bug responsible for the meltdown of a part of the nuclear facility.Vineet Kumar, the chief technology officer at CDRC which operates under special branch of Jharkhand police, said the idea was to conduct vulnerability tests of important establishments like Mecon, Heavy engineering corporation (HEC), Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) and some of the other state-based government establishments and check if the data and other information stored online could be tampered with. \"We have to conduct the test and then develop need-based solution for each one of them, thereafter developing a standardised methodology to protect their data from cyber attacks,\" he said.While Mecon and HEC deal with projects of strategic importance like carrying out work for defence agencies and ISRO, offices like JSEB are being included in the project to understand the threats to such functionaries. \"We remember the recent blackout due to failure of northern grid and chances of cyber attack triggering similar situation in future could not be ruled out,\" Vineet said.He argued that most of the future wars are likely to be fought in real space and in virtual space of internet as well. To assert his point he added that some sort of tampering with the train route or traffic management system could lead to fatal accidents unless the software and databank controlling these systems is foolproof.Having delivered a lecture at the National Police Academy recently, Vineet shared his concerns with police chiefs of different states and was flooded with requests from them to help establish cyber defence cells in their states. \"Special branch of Jharkhand police has consented to educate and help the police department of other states to come up with cyber protection units,\" Vineet said.IG Special branch and spokesperson Jharkhand police, SN Pradhan admitted that CDRC ranks ninth in the world in terms of capabilities despite the fact that it is still in its nascent stage of formation and functioning. \"By joining hands with international projects like the honeynet, CDRC is already working at a higher platform to deal with issues like international cyber threats,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16417318", "title": "Kwatra liked to live alone, says \u2018close-knit\u2019 family", "text": "MUMBAI: Family members of Navraj Kwatra, who was killed on Friday at his Borivli flatturned-studio , rushed to the city from different parts of the world and conducted his cremation on Saturday. While Kwatra's family and friends were not very forthcoming about his professional life, they told TOI that he was \"in good terms\" with his family.Kwatra's wife Alka flew in from Delhi, jewellery designer daughter Shilpi Acharya and her husband Vishal from Thailand , and son Amaan, who is into research, from London. Imroz, who was Kwatra's mother and writer Amrita Pritam's partner, will arrive in the city on Sunday.On the crime, Shilpi Acharya said, \"We know nothing about who must have done it.\" When asked about certain things that were found at her father's studio, she simply said, \"I don't know\" . Kwatra's murder has left them shocked and clueless about the possible motive, his friends said. Madhusudhan Kumar, a family friend, said, \"The family has told me that the locker and a cupboard in the studio were ransacked, although they told me he didn't keep much money in the locker . But the motive of robbery cannot be ruled out.\"Kumar said, \"Navraj was an artiste and liked being all by himself, though his family did warn him against living alone considering the kind of dangers senior citizens face.\" The family was close-knit , he said, and added that Kwatra often visited Delhi.He said Kwatra liked helping newcomers out by making their portfolios, which he created for free. \"There is certainly no other connection with the portfolios found in his house\" . Kwatra used to shuttle between his residence at Andheri and the Borivli studio.A friend said, \"As most of his work was at Andheri, he spent a lot of time there. But if he came to Borivli in the evening , he would stay the night and go back in the morning.\" His body was taken for post-portem to Bhagwati Hospital . In the evening, it was handed over to the family for last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16415544", "title": "It's not just my victory, says Vishnu Vardhan", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Vishnu Vardhan was the toast of the CLTA Stadium after playing the lead role in India's Davis Cup triumph over New Zealand. Yet, the man who played six sets of tennis on Saturday en route to notching up two crucial wins, refused to take the credit for ensuring India's berth in the 2013 Asia-Oceania zone Group I competition.\"It's not just about one man's victory, it's a combined effort, I dedicate this to the whole team,\" the 25-year-old said at the post-match media conference. \"All the players supported each other and the support staff did a great job to keep us fit and healthy.\"Terming his performance in the ongoing tie - winning the second singles in four sets and the doubles with Divij Sharan in five - as the 'best thing that ever happened to me', Vishnu showered praise on his partner.\"When I got exhausted towards the end of the third set and was not moving well, Divij put in a great effort to cover my side of the court. He stayed calm and kept me relaxed too.\" Vishnu conceded that it was an emotional day. \"My parents and family had flown down, the adrenaline was really pumping... in the end when it got tight, it was all about the heart.\"Thanking the team management for choosing him for both singles and doubles, Vishnu said he enjoyed the job and was ready for any kind of challenge.Like Vishnu, debutant Divij, too, was all humility. \"I didn't do much, just trying to hassle them (Kiwis) at the net... Vishnu was staying back but he was playing fine,\" was how the left-hander reacted to his partner's praise, before putting in his own appreciation. \"Hats off to Vishnu for playing six sets today, it wasn't easy in those conditions.\"Divij was honest enough to concede that he was very tense before the match. \"Even after the match started I was a little tight, everyone tried to keep me relaxed. I was also quite surprised that I lasted five sets... I knew I just had to do it,\" said Divij, who like Vishnu and Yuki, played the first five-setter of his career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16416034", "title": "'Navy needs to consolidate capabilities continuously'", "text": "KOCHI: Navy needs to consolidate its capabilities continuously and 're-order' its preparations and training, said chief of Naval staff Admiral D K Joshi. He was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the flagging off of INS Sudarshini, which started a voyage to Asean countries, in Kochi on Saturday.Admiral Joshi, who recently took over as Naval chief said that newer technologies and installations were being inducted into the force for consolidating the Navy's capabilities.\"We have recently transited from the conventional to the nuclear domain. INS Vikramaditya, the new aircraft carrier, will come with its all integral MIG 29K aircraft that will bring to the table capabilities of an integral fighter aircraft that navy had never before,\" he said.On the induction of the first indigenously developed aircraft carrier being built at the Cochin Shipyard, he said he had been to the shipyard and held discussions with the shipyard chairman and managing director. \"There were some delays but CSL CMD informed that the delays were behind them and firm timelines are set,\" he said. INS Sudarshini, a three masted vessel with N Shyamsundar as commander, left Kochi with 31 crew members and 30 cadets. During the 12,000 mile expedition, the vessel will visit 13 ports in nine countries in Southeast Asia which include Padang, Bali and Manado in Indonesia, Port Muara in Brunei, Cebu and Manila in Philippines, Da Nang in Vietnam, Sihanoukville in Cambodia, Bangkok and Phuket in Thailand, Singapore, Port Klang in Malaysia and Sittwe in Myanmar during its six months long voyage. The voyage commemorates two decades of dialogue, partnership and a decade of summit level partnership with Asean countries.Ambassador Shyam Saran, co-chair of the Asean Indian Eminent Persons Group and other dignitaries including diplomats from Asean countries attended programme.Vice Admiral Satish Soni, flag officer commanding-in-chief of Southern Naval Command welcomed the gathering. Chetak helicopters of Navy flown by commander Vishnu and lieutenant commander Premji did angel formation during the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16415809", "title": "Muslims seek govt nod for 'Qurbani'", "text": "PANAJI: The association of all Goa Muslims Jamaats has urged the government to allow community members to hold the annual 'Qurbani' - slaughtering of animals as per religious rites - in designated places around the state for three days during Eid-ul-Adha.In a representation to chief minister Manohar Parrikar , the association has said that the government can bring an amendment in the existing Goa Slaughter House Act, 1978, permitting slaughtering during the three days.The association has condemned last year's incident in which the authorities prevented Anjuman Khairul Islam from performing 'Qurbani' in Vasco despite permission from Mormugao municipality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415781", "title": "Expedite SPV for metro, Pune Municipal Corporation tells state", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has written to the state chief secretary to take steps to speed up Pune Metro.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak has requested the chief secretary to expedite the project by facilitating formation of a special purpose vehicle and appointment of its managing director.The state government approved a resolution on Tuesday to build the Rs 2,593-crore mass transit project, modelled on the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, with contribution from the Centre, state and the civic body.The civic body has requested the state to appoint a high-powered committee headed by the chief secretary to ensure the smooth implementation of the project. The state wants to complete the construction of the metro on the Vanaz-Ramwadi-Chandannagar route in the next three years.The state cabinet has approved the elevated metro route from Vanaz to Ramwadi. The route will be extended to Chandannagar and a separate line will go to the Pune airport. The metro will have its main depot at Kothrud.A government communique had earlier declared the metro project as \"urgent\". It said that the PMC has been appointed as the \"executive body\" to take decisions about the project till the SPV is formed. The project requires 18.44 hectares of land to construct the depot and metro stations. Not much land would be acquired for the project as the roads on which the metro will run are about 30 m wide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16416666", "title": "As usual, Vaiko spews anti-Lanka rhetoric", "text": "TRICHY: MDMK leader Vaiko on Saturday launched his \"Mupperum Vizha\" to celebrate the Dravidian movement's centennial, coupled with DMK founder C N Annadurai's 104th birth anniversary, in Trichy. He reiterated his resolve to mobilize international support to \"punish Sri Lankan president Rajapakse \" for the alleged war crimes against Tamils.One of the resolutions adopted by the MDMK was protecting Tamil fishermen from atrocities of Sri Lankan Navy. Vaiko said 570 Tamil Nadu fishermen had so far been killed by the Lankan navy. He chose to join hands with PMK's Ramadoss in urging for the complete prohibition of liquor in the state. The Kudankulam issued figured in the fourth resolution and the party took a firm stand to do away with the nuclear project at any cost, and to express solidarity with the people of Indinthakarai.Like the party's earlier annual conventions, this too was well attended. The meeting started with a musical concert by Nellai Abu Bhakkar that was chaired by party's Erode MP Ganesha Murthy. Various leaders unveiled the portraits of old Dravidian leaders. E V R's portrait was unveiled by professor Periyar Abdullah Dasan, C N Annadurai's portrait by poet Tamil Maran, Pitti Thyagarayar's portrait by MDMK's Coimbatore district secretary V Easwaran, Bharathidasan portrait by poet Komagan, and T M Nair's portrait by Dr Rohaiyah from Trichy. Portraits of the three martyrs - Nochipatti Dhandapani, Idimalai Uthayan, Thanjai Jakir Hussein - who immolated themselves when Vaiko was expelled from the DMK, were also unveiled at the meet.Political analysts were quick to point out that Vaiko was pitching his battle from Karur this time as he was eyeing this constituency in the forthcoming parliamentary elections. Dr Rohaiya, who contested the mayoral polls on an MDMK ticket and scored 37,618 votes, some 7,000 more than the DMDK's candidate M Chitra, was hailed by Vaiko himself as the new of face of the party in the region. Dr Rohaiya, who is a well known name in Trichy as she has conducted a large number of medical camps, surprised everyone in the Karur convention by presenting a five-sovereign gold chain to Vaiko.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16421899", "title": "Ashwin,Arjun &amp; Feroz shine in JK Tyre National Racing C'ship", "text": "CHENNAI: Dark Don racing team's Ashwin Sunder, experienced Arjun Balu and young Feroz Khan stole the limelight with their superlative performances to gain a double win each in different categories at the end of fourth round of 15th JK Tyre National Racing Championship at the MMST Track near suburban Sriperumbudur.In the last and third event of this round in the LGB Formula Four, the prime racing scheduled this afternoon, Ashwin was in his elements and reacted quickly in all respects and stood out from the rest in the third race today.Another talented driver Saran Vikram was second and Sarosh Hataria was third on the grid but the former was determined to avoid any incident that would affect his chances of finishing on podium.Sarosh had a duel with young lad Vishnu Prasad, who was consistently moving close to him. Sarosh yielded any lee way to Vishnu by always keeping to his inside line. However, Sarosh was determined and managed to finish third.The much awaited Super Saloon Car event threw out interesting hot chases for top honours but Arjun Balu, the favourite kept his cool to live up to his billing as the 'top seed'. There was no difference to the manner in which he won the first race yesterday. Starting from the pole, Arjun brought about a stunning finish for first place.Arjun with bundle of experience was in his own league, determined to keep aloof from the others with solid lead from the beginning and avoid getting in the web of incidents. There was greater challenge for the second and third place between Arjun Narendran, Leela Krishnan, Raj Virdhan and Siddarth Kishore.In all counts, it was a creditable show by veteran Leela Krishnan to finish second for the second successive podium finish this weekend and Siddarth Kishore came third.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nadiad/ anand", "code": "16416290", "title": "Modi rath meets with protests in Borsad", "text": "NADIAD/ ANAND: Borsad was on tenterhooks ahead of the chief minister Narendra Modi's Swami Vivekananda Yuva Vikas Yatra. Thousands of protesters with black flags waited for the chief minister's rally to pass by at Vasad crossroads near the town. The protesters claimed that the farmers and the poor have been ignored in the state and demanded investigation into irregularities in rural development programs. The protesters, who district administration officials claim were largely Congress workers, had been waiting at the crossroads since 3 pm on Saturday.Anticipating trouble, a three-layered security cover of armed policemen, water cannons and riot police stood guard at the crossroads. Modi was on his way to Tarapur for a public meeting at 7 pm. This is for the first time Modi's procession has met protests. A few years ago, the same town had protested at Modi's Gaurav Yatra. The protesters raised slogans about the flooding in the nearby villages.District authorities were worried when the lights went off for a moment. \"Modi, was not planning to halt for long as we had informed him of the situation here,\" claims a senior official at the bandobast. A few stones were pelted at the procession while few Congress members tried to break the security cordon to stick black flags on vehicles in Modi's cavalcade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16420143", "title": "Facebook breeds 'virtual vanity'", "text": "LONDON: More than half of youngsters' biggest concerns in life is friends seeing unflattering pictures of theirs on Facebook, a survey has revealedFour in ten worry about friends putting uncomplimentary photos of them on the site, with women concerned about it more often than men, the Daily Mail reported.The figures were revealed by a survey for shopping site VoucherCodes.co.uk.Its co-founder, Duncan Jennings, dubbed the trend \"virtual vanity.\"A fifth of Facebook users regularly exaggerate posts on their page to make their lives appear more excitingA quarter of the 2,000 people aged between 18 and 25 who were interviewed for the survey, admitted that they felt low and unpopular when they saw friends talking about social events to which they had not been invited.A further 25 percent were so worried about their appearance on the site that they regularly splashed out on new clothes to avoid being photographed in the same outfit twice.The poll also revealed that young Britons spent an average of one hour and 20 minutes a day on Facebook, but nearly ten percent used it for more than eight hours daily - the equivalent of a full working day.A fifth of users were so concerned about their online appearance that they regularly exaggerated posts on their page to make their lives appear more exciting.\"Facebook is an integral part of young people's lives but it's putting pressure on them to fit in and look the part, which is especially challenging for groups such as cash-strapped students,\" Jennings said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415514", "title": "Lalbaug chawl to line floral shower for Bappa's return tripFlower shower for passing Ganpatis", "text": "MUMBAI: The biggest Ganpatis that travel through Lalbaug en route to immersion on Anant Chaturdashi day make a brief halt to receive a special floral tribute from the residents of a neighbourhood chawl.Through the day the contraption is placed along the level of the second floor of the chawl, and as a giant idol comes directly beneath, it slides forward to cast a burst of petals, 'durva' and 'gulal' upon the deity. The tricky task involves balancing both ends of the iron rope and pulling back the thermocol idol towards the building once the task is done.Sadanand Niwas is located along the arterial Babasaheb Ambedkar Road, directly opposite the Lalbaugcha Raja mandal. It is here that the Seva Sadhana Pushpavrushti Utsav Mandal was formed 27 years ago. The skilled neighbourhood has an ideator in Satyavan Pandit, an expert 'moortikar' in Srinivas Sawant who sculpts the thermocol statue, and 30-40 pairs of willing hands that operate the mechanism on D-day. A female resident with a good command over the Marathi language and a pleasing voice performs the task of DJ for the event. Little children enjoy filling the bucket with flowers for the next arrival.Stalwart Ganesh mandals consider it a privilege to stop by to receive this gift, and make sure to send an emissary beforehand so the DJ can announce their arrival. Rather like Ganpati mandals themselves, the 'pushpavrushti' (flower shower) mandals labour long and hard for that one day of glory. \"We begin carving the sculpture as Ganeshotsav Chaturthi nears. This season we are preparing an idol of Goddess Kali,\" said treasurer Atmaram Parab showing pictures on his laptop. \"Last year we had an idol of Swami Samarth sitting under a tall tree, and before that, an open-chested Hanuman, veena, Brahma Kamal and the Pushpak Viman that transported Sant Tukaram to heaven.\"Unanimously, the residents give credit to artiste Srinivas Sawant for his technical wizardry that has led them safely through the changing landscape of Lalbaug. \"One end of the rope is tied to the building, the other to the Lalbaug flyover. At first the flyover was low,\" said Sawant.\"Two years ago it was demolished so we had to tie the other end of the rope to the mill compound 80 ft away. Now the flyover has been built at a new height so we must calculate accordingly,\" he added.They barely get any practice, though, for the set up is allowed only on the morning of Anant Chaturdashi.Several Ganeshotsav organizers go out of their way during 'visarjan' to take part in this ceremony. However, Sadanand Niwas misses the chance to throw flowers upon the Lalbaugcha Raja for that idol diagonally cuts across the junction where the residents of Shroff building perform the honours. junction where the residents of Shroff building perform the honours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16416874", "title": "Indian grapes set to storm Canada, New Zealand", "text": "NASHIK: India is likely to get two new grape export markets , New Zealand and Canada, for the next grape season in 2013.Both new territories, if opened, have the potential to import around 18,000 tonnes of grape from India. Learning lessons from the residue issue in the 2010 grape season when Germany had rejected Indian grape consignments over traces of pesticide found on table-grapes, Agriculture &amp; Processed Food Products Export Development Authority (APEDA) has started looking for newer markets to expert the fruit and lessen the dependency on European for export.The APEDA has identified USA, South Africa , Canada and New Zealand, as potential importers bearing a collective capacity to import more than 50,000 tonnes. Talks with New Zealand and Canada are now in their final stage indicating that these markets are likely to open up in 2013.Speaking to TOI, Jagannath Khapare, president, Grape Exporters' Association of India (GEAI), said, \"Talks with the New Zealand and Canada are in the final stages. The officials from these two countries have already made a visit here to conduct necessary inspections and the two markets are expected to be open for import in the next grape season in 2013. New Zealand has the potential to import around 500 containers ( nearly 6,000 metric tonnes), while Canada may likely import 1,000 containers (12,000 metricc tonnes) from India.\"In the 2010 grape season, following the controversy over residual pesticide found on the fruit, joint efforts on part of the government and exporters had led some European nations, with the exception of Germany, to accept a few consignments of the fruit at lower rates, while the reminaing fruit was sent to markets including Russia, Dubai , Singapore and Malaysia . Exporters had suffered losses to the tune of over Rs 200 crore.Germany, which is the major importer of Indian grape with 40% of European export attributed to it had stopped accepting Indian grape since the 2010 episode. But following goverment efforts, it restarted the import.\"With an aim to end dependency on the European market, we had urged APEDA to explore alternate territories for export and had suggested overseas markets like South Africa, USA, Canada and New Zealand. These alternative regions, will not only help in increasing export but will lessen our dependency on specific markets should another situation like what happened in 2010 happen again,\" Khapre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16417117", "title": "Swapnanagari still on paper after 9 yrs", "text": "MALAPPURAM: As many as 11 families in Kakkadavu in Tirur are awaiting the Swapnanagari project to materialize even nine years after they gave up their land, from two to six acres, for it. The project, estimated to cost around Rs 40 crore initially, included a mega bus terminal, NRI shopping complex, boating club, laser show centre and amusement park. However, the project failed to materialize owing to lack of funds. Those who gave land for the project have now approached the high court, demanding immediate steps to begin work. Though the project was conceived in 1984, it was approved with a revised estimate of Rs 110 crore by the UDF government in 2001.The families had handed over the land to the municipality in 2003. The municipality had initially tried to collect funds for the project from NRI investors. Its attempt to mobilize funds through the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) also failed as priority was given to drinking water and drainage projects. P C Premnath, who has a bakery in Tirur town, had given nearly two acres for the project. He said the families were still hopeful. \"The project will definitely help in making the region a major tourism centre in the state besides bringing in development in the outskirts of Tirur town.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16420098", "title": "Kukke Subrahmanya temple top revenue earner in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Kukke Shree Subramanya Temple at the foothill of the Western Ghats in Dakshina Kannada District has emerged as the richest Muzari temple in the state.The Kukke temple has grossed a massive Rs 56.24 crore in the last 12 months till March this year. The revenue earnings of the temple, which was about Rs 33.75 crore in 2009-10, rose to Rs 44 crore the next year.This revenue has come from seva, offerings, property rentals, including Rs 9 crore as interest from the deposits it has kept in various banks. The offerings alone contributed Rs 69 lakh and the hundi money amounted to Rs 5.87 crore.The special sevas like Sarpa Samskara, ashlesha bali and naaga prathiste has contributed more than 50% of the temple revenues at Rs 26 crore.In the three-year period from 2007 to 2010, the Kukke temple had grossed a massive Rs 91.75 crore, way ahead of Sri Durga Parameshwari of Kateelu (Rs 22.07 crore) and Sri Manjunatha at Kadri (Rs 5.63 crore). The sharp increase in revenue of this temple has been remarkable. For instance, Kukke's revenues which was Rs 24.3 crore during 2007-08 reached Rs 35.75 crore during 2009-10. The temple draws people who perform the Sarpa Samskara, Sarpa Dosha pooja. Among its several high-profile devotees is Sachin Tendulkar. The income at these temples doesn't go to the state's exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416673", "title": "Spreading message of living in harmony with nature", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To mark the World Ozone Day on Saturday, Department of Science &amp; Technology, Chandigarh, eco club of Dev Samaj College of Education and a local NGO organized an inter-college \"rangoli\" and collage-making contest on the theme of \"Renewable energy to fight climate change.\" Students from ten colleges of the city participated in the contest and students of Chandigarh Institute of Hotel Management &amp; Catering (CIHM) were declared overall winners of the contest. Santosh Kumar, director, department of science and technology said, young people should raise awareness for collective action by the community as a whole to spread the message of living in harmony with nature. World Ozone Day reminds people about their duty towards conservation of environment. He further pointed out that ozone layer in the stratosphere absorbs a large part of the sun's harmful ultraviolet radiation and so its preservation becomes all the more important.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16416940", "title": "Moonlighting lands Kerala Tourism Development Corporation staff in vigilance net", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: An assistant manager and 15 employees of the Kerala Tourism Development Corporation (KTDC) have landed in vigilance net for moonlighting.Vigilance sources told TOI that they were running a parallel catering service - Ding Dong Catering - using the facilities of KTDC-run hotels and hijacked huge business opportunities from the government-owned corporation.\"The modus operandi was to lure prospective customers who approached KTDC facilities for booking banquets by offering cheaper rates for the same quality and variety of food items. And in the name of Ding Dong Catering, they directly undertook the contract,\" said a member of vigilance team that had raided Bolgatty Palace, Kochi.Apart from Bolgatty Palace, Ding Dong Catering also provided its service at Mascot Hotel and Samudra Kovalam. Following suspicion, KTDC vigilance raided the staff quarters of Bolgatty Palace and an assistant manager, Nazeer, was caught. Utensils required to prepare and serve food were also found in his room. Sources said Nazeer, who is Ding Dong's kingpin, has been suspended. The role of about 15 other KTDC employees is also being probed.\"The management had been watching their leave pattern. Personnel records showed that all of them, working in different hotels, were absent the same day. We knew it was not just a coincidence as it had happened repeatedly,'' sources said.Each high-end banquet hosted at KTDC's prime properties would cost around Rs 10-12 lakh. About 50 such parties are booked every year at Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram . \"Even if the racket had managed to convince 10 customers to contract Ding Dong, a business of Rs 1 crore would have gone to them,'' sources said. KTDC managing director N Prasanth told TOI that the racket had been active for quite some time. \"We won't allow such activities. Exemplary action is being initiated,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415652", "title": "'Transfer plea on demolition to green panel'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Adarsh Cooperative Housing Society, comprising leading politicians, bureaucrats and high-ranking military personnel, has urged the Bombay high court to transfer a petition filed by it against the demolition order passed by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) to the National Green Tribunal (NGT).\"We have brought to the notice of the HC an order passed by the Supreme Court in the case filed by the Bhopal Gas Peedith Mahila Udyog Sanghatan. The SC has observed all matters involving questions of environmental laws, which have been instituted after coming into force of the National Green Tribunal Act, should be transferred to the NGT,'' a senior office-bearer of the society said.Following a complaint lodged against the society, the MoEF had issued a show-cause notice on November 12, 2010, to the society for blatant violation of the Environmental Protection Act. Subsequently, on January 16, the then environment minister Jairam Ramesh had passed an order saying the entire structure should be removed, since it is unauthorized and the society had not obtained a clearance under the coastal regulation zone rules. \"The society has violated the very spirit of the CRZ notification, under such circumstances, any other order, except removal of the structure, will dilute the strong precedents set by the HC and SC orders,'' Ramesh had said.In the Bhopal Gas Peedith Mahila Udyog Sanghatan case, the SC observed environmental issues and matters covered under the National Green Tribunal Act, should be instituted and litigated before the NGT. \"Such an approach may be necessary to avoid likelihood of conflict of orders between the HC and the NGT. Thus, in unambiguous terms, we direct all matters instituted after coming into force of the NGA Act shall be transferred and can be instituted only before the NGT. This will help in rendering expeditious and specialized justice in the field of environment to all concerned,'' the SC said.The Adarsh society has submitted before the HC that it has filed a writ petition challenging the January 16, 2011, order passed by the MoEF. \"The matter falls within the category mentioned in the SC order and hence it should be transferred to the green tribunal,'' he said.While a judicial probe is already in progress, the CBI too has filed a criminal case on January 29, 2011, against a section of the office-bearers, leading politicians and military personnel on charges of cheating, forgery and under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The commission has submitted an interim report saying the land belonged to the state government and there was no reservation for Kargil war heroes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407179", "title": "Voluptous is beautiful, ask men: Vidya Balan", "text": "Despite speculations of her marriage, Vidya Balan says she is not in a hurry to tie the knot. \"I am not going any where. When marriage happens, which is not on the cards anytime soon, I'll inform the world about it,\" she says with a mischievous smile.\"There is a world of time for me, that's the reason I am not on signing spree after the success of The Dirty Picture . Even before the film became a success I preferred doing one film at a time. Ghanchakkar is the project I am currently working on. I have teamed up with my earlier director of No One Killed Jessica , Raj Kumar Gupta and my co-star of The Dirty Picture Emraan Hashmi. We have completed a major chunk of shooting of the film. Next year, I will be part of Shaadi Ke Side Effects . This is all I am doing right now,\" she says when asked about what's keeping her busy work-wise.\"I choose roles that help me to be another person and when I find them compelling enough, then I go ahead and do them. There are great roles being written and I feel blessed if they come to me and I can make the most of them. Today, the industry is like a pandora's box... you don't know what might come next. But it is heartening to see that lot of good roles are being written for women actors in the industry. It started some time back, but today it is more evident. There are very well -read people out there in the industry who are churning out great scripts,\" adds Vidya, who was in a village near Varanasi for a social cause recently.However, despite the change, much remains to be done has far as emoluments are concerned, Vidya feels. \"The gap between the male and female actors in the industry, in terms of payments, remains. Women actors still remain underpaid as compared to their male counterparts, but I hope things will change in the future,\" she says.And while we're talking about trends in the industry, the size zero fad refuses to go. Even then, Vidya's stood by her more curvy Indian figure. So, what does she have to say about a recent comment by Kareena Kapoor on fat not being sexy? \"Voluptuous is beautiful. Ask the men, and you will get the answer. Indian women have the kind of face and a certain body structure that makes them voluptuous. I flaunt my features and structure. And why not,\" she asks.But those extra kilos gained during the making of The Dirty Pictures are no longer visible, though Vidya says she did not do much to shed the weight. \"Since I could not hold so much in the first place, it went away during the promotion of the film! A couple of kilos which remain will go away after I do a few more films. I do not think about weight any more as it is not worthy of being given a thought,\" she says with a laugh.Indulging the woman in her, the actor was keen to shop for Banarasi saris while in the city. \"I love Banarasi saris and would be shopping some for my mother, sister and of course, myself. Banarasi paan is also something which I wish to relish since I have heard a lot about it,\" she added, before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16416996", "title": "3 killed in road mishap in Siwan village", "text": "PATNA: Three passengers including two minors were killed while 10 others sustained injuries when the bus in which they were travelling fell into a 10-foot deep roadside ditch on Siwan-Tarwara main road under Sarai police outpost in Siwan district on Saturday.Quoting an eyewitness, Sadar SDPO Smita Suman said one of the front tyres of the bus burst and the driver lost balance of the bus. She said that the driver along with the cleaner jumped from the bus and escaped from there. The bus was on way to Siwan from Basantpur when the mishap took place, she added. The SDPO said the bus moved to some distance and then fell into a roadside ditch killing a girl on the spot while 12 other passengers sustained injuries. She said that the local police reached the spot immediately and admitted the injured passengers to Siwan Sadar Hospital where one of them died. \"Had the driver stopped the bus immediately, the mishap could have been averted,\" she said and added that efforts were on to trace the driver, cleaner and owner of the bus.Meanwhile, Sarai police outpost SHO J K Ravidas said that the deceased have been identified as Priya Kumari (18), Nitu Kumari (7) and Karishma (8 months). He said that while Priya died on the spot, two others succumbed to their injuries at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415460", "title": "Honour for Mantralaya bravehearts on Sept 23", "text": "MUMBAI: The Ganesh Gully mandal, the original giant of Lalbaug, has reserved pride of place for those who serve the city.It has organized a series of special 'aartis' on all 10 days which will be performed by people from various walks of life-policemen, dabbawallahs, journalists and radio announcers.Heading the list are the five brave employees of Mantralaya who risked their lives to protect the national flag when an inferno engulfed the building on June 21. Ganesh Munj, Suresh Baria, Deepak Adsul, Premji Roz and Vishal Rane will lead the evening aarti of Ganesh Gully's 'Mumbaicha Raja' at 8.30pm on September 23. The Class IV employees of the public works department had stayed resolutely upon the terrace for two hours during the blaze until they received orders to bring down the Tricolour. \"The men have also been invited by the Lalbaugcha Raja mandal and another one in Panvel,\" said a supervisor.Dabbawallahs will lead the Ganesh Gully aarti on September 20 followed by the Seva Sadhana Pushpavrushti Mandal the next day. \"For 27 years we had the privilege of showering flowers on the Mumbaicha Raja as its visarjan procession passed by our apartment building,\" said member Sandesh Dhuri.\"However, since the Lalbaug flyover's height was raised recently, the idol is led along a different route. We were so disappointed at this that the organizers have reserved an aarti for us to offer,\" he added.Actors, cops, journalists and radio jockeys will be welcomed to Ganesh Gully on September 22, 24, 25 and 26 respectively. Meanwhile, the state government is yet to organize the promised felicitation of its own flag bearers who have already been felicitated by private organizations from Mumbai, Kolhapur, Solapur and Pandharpur.The PWD staffers are responsible for three flags in the Mantralaya precinct, one that flutters atop the terrace and measures 14x21 ft, the mid-sized one (8x12 ft) that the CM hoists in the compound and a small one (4x6 ft) located in the New Administrative building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16415927", "title": "They want to explain this", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa mineral ore exporters' association (GMOEA) and Goa mining association (GMA), in a representation to the union ministry of mines, said that the report on Goa's illegal mining submitted by the Justice M B Shah commission is \"factually incorrect\".GMOEA executive director S Sridhar said that the issue is both generic in nature (ranging from figures, technical calculations and legal position with regard to industry) as well as specific. \"We would be dealing with the former in a detailed submission to you in a follow-up to this letter, and have asked our members to do so with respect to the latter with regard to the fallacies in the report,\" said Narayan Bandekar, president of the GMA.The memorandum stated that the state government has suspended mining operations of mining leases in the state of Goa, as a part of the action taken by the government against illegal mining.Bandekar, in the memorandum, said that \"We are making this representation to you because, since the inception of the justice Shah commission, despite a request made by our members to the officers of the commission, no personal hearing was given to interact and clarify possible factual and legal aspects relevant to the industry in the state of Goa. \"\"Principles of natural justice and equity demanded that we should haven't been afforded an opportunity of a personal hearing\", said Bandekar .The two associations said that therefore, we find it imperative for us to request that \"No action should be taken on the industry or its members without an opportunity of being heard either in writing and/or through a personal hearing.\"\"We are looking forward to an interaction whereby we can clarify any doubt or your concerns that your office/ministry may have\", stated the memorandum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16415475", "title": "State women's commission to have inspection team", "text": "BHOPAL: The women's panel will now have its own inspection team and will now be able to speedily dispose of cases. An advertisement for the same has been issued.State women's commission (SWC) would now have its own inspection team consisting of one retired SP or CSP rank police officer and another retired official. The inspection team would submit its report directly to the commission after which the commission would hear the cases.SWC chairperson Upma Rai said, \"Most of the victims complain of improperly conducted investigations by the police. Hence the need was felt that the commission should have its own squad which would inspect the cases on its own. Also, sometimes when we go for spot inspection, the team would be helpful.\"She added, \"Till now, several reminders would be sent to various departments for submitting their inspection reports to the commission. Many times there would be delay in disposing of cases as the reports were not in place. This would cause cases to go on for long and the victims would not get justice.\"\"An advertisement for the same has also been published recently.\"According to sources, the commission has written to the home department previously for police officers who could be a part of the team but the department replied that there was insufficient police force and hence no one could be deputed. It was only then that the commission took a decision of constituting its own inspection team which would be autonomous.Commission members also said that the team would be helpful especially during spot inspections. Recounting the Morena incident where a married woman had been burnt alive, they said when the members reached the spot, villagers had become hostile. Since the protocol was that police officers were also present, untoward incident was averted.SWC would be the second such commission in the state to have its own inspection team after MP human rights commission (MPHRC). Currently, a counsellor and a law official have been appointed by the SWC. The team constituted would also be paid by the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16417177", "title": "Calicut University overseas centres to hike fee by 50%", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Eyeing the Gulf expats to tide over its financial crisis, the Calicut University is planning to hike the annual fees for the degree courses offered by its overseas centres by a whopping 50% (in US dollars). According to sources, the varsity intends to at least double its last year's revenue of around Rs 4 crore from its overseas centres through the move. This fiscal the university has a deficit of over Rs 33 crore. The university syndicate has given this proposal the green signal. The vice-chancellor has been asked to take a final decision on the matter after some counselling centres in the Gulf raised objections to the move.The university currently has ten counselling centres, all run by private players, in the Middle East, and it is in the process of sanctioning ten more.As many as 1,000 students, mainly children of expats from Malabar, are currently pursuing degree courses in these centres. The university has also set aside 400 seats for the newly-launched MBA course in the distance education sector for Gulf students.According to the new fee structure, these students will have to pay US$ 300 per year as tuition fee for BA/BCom courses, and US$ 500 for BBA course. In addition, the varsity gets US$ 25 as registration fee and an exam fee of US$ 80 per semester from each student.To make matters worse for expats, the counselling centres it the Gulf charge over ten times the fee collected by the university. For instance, the Wisdom Business School, a counselling centre offering CU courses in the UAE, charges US$ 3,269 (RS 1.8 lakh) per year as tuition fee for BA/BCom and BBA courses. This is apart from a university fee of US$ 681 (Rs 37,686) and an additional fee of US$ 272 (Rs 15,052) per year charged from all degree students.\"As such, expats are currently forced to shell out over Rs 2.5 lakh as fee per year, apart from visa and transportation charges, for ordinary BA and BCom courses, which has a fee of just Rs 1,000 per year back home. The centres will definitely hike the fees further once the university increases its fees. And this would make education beyond the reach of hundreds of expatriates and their children,\" said Mohammed Rafi, an expatriate from Tirur based in the UAE.University syndicate member and MSF state general secretary T P Ashraf Ali, however, justified the proposed hike saying most of the expatriates enrolled in the varsity's overseas centres are financially well off.\"The original proposal was to increase the tuition fees to US$ 500, but we have set it at US$ 300, which is a manageable sum,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16418956", "title": "Man arrested at Mumbai airport for trying to smuggle gold", "text": "MUMBAI: In a third consecutive seizure at Mumbai airport, Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) officials on Friday arrested a 60-year-old man for attempting to smuggle out gold. The senior citizen was reportedly walking through the customs' green channel at the airport. He had hidden almost one kilogram of gold inside his vest.According to AIU officials, the senior citizen landed in Mumbai from Dubai in the morning. He did not declare any goods and headed towards the green channel meant for passengers without dutiable goods. He was, however, stopped by AIU officials on suspicion. On checking the officials found gold worth Rs 30 lakh. \"\"The old man had worn a vest with a zip. On unzipping the vest we found gold chains neatly wrapped in plastic bags,' an official said. The passenger told AIU officials that he was retired but had acted as a carrier for gold only to early Rs 3,000 and a free ticket to Dubai.This is the third seizure at Mumbai airport in three days. Earlier, AIU had arrested a couple and their daughter for carrying undeclared gold bought from Dubai. The trio was carrying 800 grams of gold worth Rs 21 lakh. AIU also intercepted a 17-year-old boy for attempting to smuggle Rs 72 lakh and iridium powder worth Rs 30 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415883", "title": "Children's green rights ignored by media: Study", "text": "PUNE: A study by Holistic Child Development India, Pune has found that the print media has sidelined issues related to the effects of climate change on public health and on women and children. The adaptive capability of vulnerable sections of the population and measures that would help adaptation were also ignored, it found.The study 'Print media and children: Give us more space: II'' states that environmental degradation and climate change are affecting people's lives and children, women and other marginalized sections are impacted severely by these changes. The six-month study was undertaken last year by students from schools in Pune, along with environmentalists. tnnThey selected the city editions of four national English newspapers for review from May to October 2011. Articles in these papers on climate change were analyzed for content to find out if the issues concerning children and women in relation to climate change were represented.There was no editorial in the six-month study period related to climate change and its impact on the vulnerable section. The reports on the plight of children during crisis situations like droughts, floods, earthquakes and its impact on children's schooling, increased burden on children (fetching water, forced labour) were not reported, the study found.N Thomas Rajkumar, director of Holistic Child Development India, Pune, said that climate change affects the rights of children. The national action plan on climate change or the media do not discuss the views of children, he said.Naina Athalye, programme coordinator of children at high risk, pointed out that a similar study was done in 2007 and the findings were close. When we spoke to children, more than 90% said that they read the newspapers. So it plays a responsible role in creating awareness and should give more space to these issues. But in the study we found that the environmental rights of children like right to food, good air, clean water, among others were not addressed,\" she said.We will plan a talk with the editors of national newspapers about the study and conduct a workshop for the media on child rights,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji/ponda", "code": "16415924", "title": "Youth carrying 200kg of wild boar meat nabbed at Ponda", "text": "PANAJI/PONDA: A 19-year-old youth was detained by wildlife activists and forest department officials at Ponda bus stand as he was allegedly found carrying about 200 kg of meat suspected to be of wild boar on Saturday evening.A Bicholim-based NGO, animal rescue squad (ARS), received a tip-off that a KTC bus headed towards Ponda from Molem was carrying some suspicious looking sacks.Two ARS members, Sandesh Amonkar Nikhil alias Narayan Hanamshet, forest officials and police also reached the spot after being informed, and detained Laxman Chinappa, while another person managed to escape.Four sacks, in which meat of five wild boar were packed inside, were found in the bus. The meat has been seized and samples will be sent to the forensic lab for confirmation.\"It was difficult to make out whether it was wild boar meat or domesticated pigs,\" a source said.A mobile phone recovered from the youth showed that he had made two calls to contacts in Margao. The meat may have been brought from Karnataka to be sold to these contacts, the source said.Further investigations are in progress. In another case, a man from Gaunsavaddo-Mapusa and a driver of a Pune bus were arrested for transporting around 600 kg of pork on Friday.In this case, a ARS member, John Felix Fernandes informed Mapusa police.The police found eight bags of pork. Two officials from animal husbandry and veterinary services were called to inspect the seized items.A sample was also sent to Goa meat complex for confirmation.A third person from Margao could not be nabbed.The arrested persons were released on a bail bond of 15,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16416758", "title": "Candidates continue canvassing for polls", "text": "KANPUR: A stay on the student body elections in the affiliated colleges of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, Kanpur notwithstanding, student leaders of PPN Degree College and their supporters are unmoved and have continued canvassing for their candidate. With door-to-door campaigning and reaching out to their voter colleagues through SMS, student leaders are making all possible efforts to turn the tide in their individual favour.SMS reading 'PPN College se chhatra sangh adhyaksha pad hetu apka bhai....aapse sahyog aur ashirwad ki kaamna karta hai plz plz..' are being forwaded by student leaders to connect with their fellow colleagues so that they do not hold ground when elections are held. Several students showed TOI the sms they have continued to receive even on Saturday.Interestingly, such an initiative is being taken by almost every student leader and his supporters. They hope the elections would be held soon and if they stop canvassing they will lose their connect with the voters.Students of PPN degree college opposed the stay order on the student body elections terming the move of the college management dictatorial. The student leaders said since the college management was under pressure to conduct election, it decided to move the court and got a stay order.On the other hand, college management of SN Sen Degree College and Jwala Devi Girls Degree College have postponed the student body elections that were scheduled to be held on September 22 and September 15 (Saturday), respectively.Principal, Jwala Devi Girls PG College Dr Sandhya Chaturvedi confirmed the elections scheduled for September 15 had been cancelled though all preparations for the elections had been made. The decision had been taken by the college management in the backdrop of the stay issued by the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on the student union election in the affiliated colleges of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University of Kanpur on Thursday. Dr Chaturvedi confirmed the decision to call off the polls in the college had been taken after stay on the issue by the high court. The order came from the bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit on a writ petition filed by a committee of the management of PPN College in Kanpur.The court also directed principal secretary (higher education) to file an affidavit on why the state government had not categorised large universities for implementation of the recommendations made in a Supreme Court judgment in 2006. The court posted the matter for September 28 for next hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415220", "title": "VED demands SPV fortiger tourism circuit", "text": "NAGPUR: Special purpose vehicles (SPV) have become necessary in Vidarbha to carry forward proper tiger tourism circuits for their conservation, benefit of local stakeholders through tourism and creating global awareness about Nagpur as Gateway to Tiger Country, said Vilas Kale, immediate past president, Vidarbha Economic Development (VED) Council.\"To boost ideas and infrastructure within tourism circuits, it would be necessary to involve the eco-development committees (EDC) of tiger reserves to make the local people feel a part of it and take pride in the place,\" said Devendra Parekh, president, VED.\"Although Nagpur has the infrastructure, there is no nodal agency to manage tiger tourism. Hence, a SPV should be created for delivering full benefits along with organizations like MTDC,\" said Rahul Upganlawar, secretary general, VED.VED suggested that the Pench Tiger Reserve north circuit on NH 7 be the first priority with destinations on way like Ramtek, Khindsi, Nagardhan Fort, Mansar Excavations and others.Parekh added that the idea is to get the government to be the facilitator and give all else to private players. \"Tourism would go a long way in income generation through employment in local areas. In view of these advantages and of employment and revenue generation the government should establish a SPV for delivering full benefits along with organizations like MTDC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16416133", "title": "Vendors a happy lot as cops go hungry", "text": "RANCHI: Roadside food vendors, tea stall owners and fruits sellers on Saturday heaved a sigh of relief as policemen across the state went on a day-long hunger strike while on duty. The vendors were happy because there was no one to ask for free food and tea throughout the day.The \"inhuman practice\" of eating without payment by a section of policemen causes loss to these vendors but they don't complain out of fearing harassment by these men in khaki. At times, there have been instances when these policemen even forced the vendors to wind up their business from the locality. Over 70,000 policemen from constables to inspectors decided to go without food on Saturday as part of the on-going agitation demanding hike in various allowances.The joy was visible on face of the vendors. \"Today the policemen did not ask for litti-chokha. Generally over 15 policemen from Argora police station eat at my stall and do not pay,\" said Madan Sahu, the owner of the stall located near Team India cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni at Harmoo.Sunita Kachhap, a fruits vendor at Albert Ekka Chowk, was equally happy. \"I curse them (policemen) every day. They demand free fruits especially bananas without a sense of shame,\" said Sunita.The situation gets worse for these vendors when the entire patrolling party, comprising five to six policemen, ask for food for free of cost.On Saturday, three patrolling parties from the Kotwali police station made rounds of Albert Ekka Chowk but none of the personnel sought the freebies. \"We have also heard of policemen asking for free food from these vendors,\" said Kotwali DSP Surendra Singh Pal.A vendor, who sells bhuja at Kokar Chowk, was asked to remove his stall by a patrolling party of Sadar police station last week. \"I had only told them that wde incur loss by offering them free food. I never refused them free food but still they a constable asked me to wind up my stall,\" said the harried vendor.The Jharkhand vendors' association is helpless. Jharkhand Rajya Khudra Bayapari Sangh (JRKBS) president Prem Mittal said, \"Policemen at the lower level will never understand the pangs of the poor. It is, indeed, shameful to seek free food from poor vendors.\"R D Singh, one of the directors of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries, said: \"Not only food, these policemen depend on freebies for various things. They can be found sleeping at hotels during night patrolling. It is an inhuman practice.\"\"It is illegal and totally unacceptable,\" said DIG (Ranchi range) Seethal Oraon. \"No policeman should do it. However, if they do not stop the practice , vendors should note down names of such policemen and inform my office directly. I will ensure that each vendor get his dues,\" Oraon said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16415623", "title": "Rajasthan lags behind in consumer rights awareness", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan is still behind in generating awareness about consumer rights with only 16% respondents stating that they are aware about consumer rights in Rajasthan as compared to total figure of the country (42%), according to a survey conducted by the Consumer Unity &amp; Trust Society (CUTS) in partnership with the Centre's department of consumer affairs.\"Only 20% respondents and only 11% respondents have heard about Consumer Protection Act 1986 at the national level and in Rajasthan respectively. Out of the total sample size, only seven per cent have filed any complaint in any of the external grievance redressed mechanism and out of that only 0.3% has only approached the consumer forums. If this is an indication of people losing faith in the consumer fora at district, state and national levels, due to the inordinate delays, then the trend is very disturbing,\" said George Cheriyan, director, CUTS International, sharing the findings of the national consumer field research disseminated among key stakeholders.The field research covered 88 districts of 19 states and three union territories with a total sample size of 11,499 peole (53% male &amp; 47% female) to access the level of consumer awareness and the achievements made by the consumers in India during the past 25 years since Consumer Protection Act 1986 came into force. The respondents belong to diverse education and financial status, rural and urban divide, and literacy rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16420827", "title": "Xi Jinping to attend Asean meet to dispel health rumours", "text": "BEIJING: China's leader-in-waiting Xi Jinping will attend a meeting with Southeast Asian nations later this week, signalling his return to diplomatic duties, days after intense speculation over his health.Xi, 59, who made his first public appearance yesterday after two weeks of a much-talked-about absence before his formal endorsement as the new leader by the Communist Party to succeed President Hu Jintao , will take part in the meeting to dispel doubts about his state of health.Xi, who was reported to have suffered a back injury while swimming, will attend the opening ceremony and \"some other important activities\" for the 9th China-Asean (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) Expo being held at Nanning, capital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei announced today.The Expo meet to be held from September 21 to 25 will be attended by leaders from Asean countries, including Myanmarese President U Thein Sein , Lao Prime Minister Thongsing Thammavong and Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung , Hong said in a statement.This is for the first time in two weeks Hong spoke about Xi, who has not been seen in public since September 1, sparking rumours that he suffered a heart attack or tested for cancer to his liver.One report even said he suffered multiple injuries in a car accident which also involved another senior Communist Party leader.Xi's health and his skills will be tested at the conference as China-ASEAN meeting has turned out to be a tricky affair for Beijing because of the South China Sea disputes between China and a number of Asean members like Philippines, Vietnam , Malaysia and Brunei .US and some of the ASEAN countries are pressing Beijing to work out a code of conduct, to resolve the South China Sea disputes, while China is insisting that the disputes over the islands should be resolved through direct negotiations between concerned countries.On the domestic front, Xi, whose absence ahead of the key 18th Communist Party Congress set off rumours of power struggle is expected to speed up preparations to hold the the gathering in the coming weeks to ensure smooth power transfer.Rumours about Xi's health gained ground as the Party as a matter of policy never disclosed the state of the health of its leaders in the past.Xi's reported illness has thrown all the work relating to the Party Congress out of gear as he headed the high power preparatory committee for the meeting, which requires elaborate preparations.The Congress hinges on Xi as he has already been selected by the top leadership of the party to succeed Hu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "16417312", "title": "College vandalized after boy kills self", "text": "DAVANAGERE: A Davanagere college bore the brunt of students' ire on Saturday after a 22-year-old student committed suicide on Friday, with hundreds storming premises of DRM Science College and vandalizing the building. The situation was brought under control after police intervened.Sachin Kumar PS (in pic), a BSc II year student, committed suicide on Friday night on the railway tracks near Tolahunase station, on the outskirts of Davanagere. In his suicide note, Sachin held college principal Major N Srinivas and student welfare officer (SWO) JB Raju, a senior professor and head of chemistry department, responsible for his death.On Saturday morning, an angry mob of students, backed by Davanagere Vidyarthi Sene, entered the campus and began throwing stones. The college is run by Bapuji Educational Association, headed by Davanagere South MLA Shamanur Shivashankarappa . Agitating students urged the management to suspend the principal and SWO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16416201", "title": "JD(U) members burn PM's effigy", "text": "GARHWA: JD(U) leaders and workers on Saturday burnt the effigy of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at Nagar Untari here to protest against hike in diesel price, inflation and corruption. They also held a street-corner meeting near the Nagar Untari police station.The JD(U) workers took out a procession along with the effigy of the Prime Minister. After the procession reached Nagar Untari police station, it turned into a street corner meeting where the party leaders shouted slogans against the Congress-led UPA government.Addressing the meeting, former minister and senior JD(U) leader Ramchandra Kesri termed the Congress as \"creator of inflation and corruption\". Kesri said: \"The government is going to increase the price of petrol after the hike in diesel price\". Kesri also said the Union government led by the Congress was \"anti-poor, anti-farmer and anti-worker\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16418646", "title": "Three-day management capacity development program for NGOs", "text": "MUMBAI: Non Government Organisations ( NGO) working on the grass-root level are often driven by passion for the cause they support. That passion, however, can be channeled into more productive results if the right management skills are integrated into their functioning. In a bid to address these concerns, Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) organized a three-day management capacity development program for NGOs across the country.The first phase of the workshop was conducted in Mumbai from September 10-12 and was attended by NGOs and groups working for environmental causes in the interiors of Maharashtra and Gujarat.According to BNHS officials, fund raising, management of organization resources, communication with the media were certain skills the NGOs needed to continue their passion for environment more effectively. \"Often these NGOs do not get enough funding. Also, recruitment of the right and skilled personnel for research and managerial work is important to effective functioning. We are trying to inculcate these skills so that these NGOs can get better results from their efforts,\" said one of the organizers.Mukesh Pathak, CEO of Gujarat Nature Conservation Society, who also attended the workshop, said that the workshop was an opening into an area which NGOs often overlook. \"We need to be better organized to work more efficiently and change the depletion of our environment. The workshop will hopefully help us make ourselves more visible and get better funding for our projects,\" Pathak said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415593", "title": "'Met Sonia to ask about health'", "text": "MUMBAI: State industries minister Narayan Rane on Saturday rubbished reports hinting at a change of guard in the state leadership. The state's political circles have been buzzing with speculation that Rane could take over the reigns from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who could be heading to Delhi following the much-anticipated cabinet reshuffle at the Centre.Rane had met Congress president Sonia Gandhi at New Delhi on Friday. \"There was no political motive behind my visit. I had just gone there to inquire about her health,\" Rane said. Chavan, too, had expressed ignorance on any such move to induct him into the union cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "16417148", "title": "Train robbery leaves many passengers hurt", "text": "SASARAM: In yet another major dacoity on a running train on Grand Chord line on Gaya-Mughalsarai section of ECR within one week, a dozen armed criminals looted passengers of seven sleeper bogies of Howrah-Delhi superfast weekly train and injured half-a-dozen passengers in the wee hours on Saturday. The injured have been admitted to Railway Hospital, Mughalsarai.There was no escort party in the train, and criminals posing as passengers, boarded the train at Gaya about 2 am on Saturday. After Gaya, the next stoppage of the train was Mughalsarai, about 200 km away. Sources said armed criminals, after boarding the train, started looting the sleeping passengers at gunpoint when the train left Gaya. They looted passengers of S5 to S11 coaches. Many passengers had to face the ire of the criminals when they dared resist them. The operation continued for over an hour-and-a-half.Sources said when the train did not reach Pusholi railway station within the stipulated five minutes after crossing Nasej Cabin, the station master, Lochan smelt foul play and at 3.58 am, he inquired from cabin man Jawahar Prasad about it. The cabin man informed him that the train was stranded due to cutting of vacuum. He also informed that one dozen armed persons escaped towards a village after alighting from the train. The station manager informed the security control room at Mughalsarai. When the train reached Mughalsarai, the passengers forced the train to stop for an hour. They were pacified when senior railway officials assured action against the guilty.An injured passenger, N Rahman of West Bengal said the criminals looted Rs 83,000 and valuable items from him. Sources said Rs 5 lakh in cash, over a dozen gold rings, gold chains and other items worth Rs 10 lakh were looted from passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416644", "title": "Court holds 6 guilty of gangrape, kidnapping", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an over one-and-a-half year old gangrape and kidnapping case of a teenaged girl, a local court here on Saturday convicted six men, all in their 20s, and sent them to jail. The accused were identified as Sonu alias Noni, 20, Sukhbir alias Sukha, 20, Jasbir alias Lucky, 21, Avatar Singh, 26, Gaurav, 21, and Sukhbir alias Shoki (in his mid 20s). \"The victim was a student of Class XII when this incident happened. Her brother had dropped her for a tuition class at Dhanas on November 13, 2010. But she didn't go for her tuition, as one of the accused Gaurav \u2014 who knew the girl \u2014 took her in a car on the pretext of discussing some matter. Sukha and Avatar were already sitting in the vehicle,\" said a police official. He added, \"The miscreants took the girl to a secluded place near Mullanpur village and raped her there. They were joined by three more men there. An FIR was registered in this matter three days later on November 16, 2010.\" The court has awarded 10-year rigorous imprisonment to Sonu, Sukha and Gaurav whereas Avatar, Shoki and Jasbir were sent to a five-year jail term. Besides, a fine of Rs 10,000 was also slapped on each of them by the court. The accused were booked under various sections of the IPC including 363 (punishment for kidnapping), 366 A (procreation of minor girl), 368 (wrongfully concealing or keeping in confinement) and 376 (2) (g) gangrape. In their defence, the lawyer of the accused said the girl had gone with the accused on her own and there was a delay of three days in the registration of the FIR. He also argued that no injuries were found on the girl's private parts. While arguing in the court, public prosecutor Manish Dua said, \"There was a delay in the registration of the case as the girl was frightened as she was threatened by the accused. It was not consensual sex. The victim was first kidnapped and then gangraped.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16420057", "title": "Enjoy winter swimming in Finland", "text": "The Finnish city of Tampere is where visitors swim in ice pools for a rush no party drug can matchWhy would anyone choose the winter to swim? I don't have the answer to that, but I did end up going for the Finnish Winter Swimming Championships recently.Last minute doubts began to bug me as I made my way down a flight of steps leading to the pool created in a frozen Lake Pyhajarvi at Nokia, 16 km west of the city of Tampere.Beyond the wooden walkway surrounding the 25-metre pool, snow crust on Lake Pyhajarvi was more than 30 cm thick. \"You know, you could drive a car on that ice; we sometimes do in winter,\" said a Finnish woman sporting a padded jacket, her hood pulled up, just before I scuttled off to the changing room. Winter swimming is a popular sport in Finland. Locals believe it strengthens their immune system. \"Emerging from a pool after a winter swim is the best feeling in the world,\" said one spectator among hundreds gathered around the pool that day.I readied to race against five men, as we were taken to a tent so that rules could be explained to us (in English, if you wish). I was told not to dunk my head under the water's surface since temperatures were just over 1\u00b0C. It would increase the risk of a blackout, and worse, disqualification. Professional divers were waiting by in case of emergencies.We were signalled to get in. It was perhaps the adrenalin or the wind-spiked air that I had been braving for the past minute, but, as I lowered my foot into the water, it didn't feel that icy. To my surprise I was able to get into the pool with ease, almost as if it was a pleasantly warm bath. But 25-metres felt like a long way off, and it took nothing but willpower to force my arms to pull through strokes and reach the end.Gasping, I climbed out of the pool and felt a low voltage electric shock hit my chest, arms and legs. Coupled with a heady buzz and sense of achievement, it did feel amazing. I went up to congratulate the winner, and we headed up to the hot-tubs to warm up. Tampere is a lively university city 170 km north-west of Helsinki , the national capital. Water from surrounding lakes once powered the red-brick mills of Tampere. Today, that industries are gone, and the Finlayson factory complex is home to leisure and tourist attractions, including the world's first dedicated Spy Museum (vakoilumuseo.fi).Finland borders Russia , and two of the biggest names in the history of USSR \u2014 Lenin and Stalin \u2014 first met right here in Tampere. The room in which their initial meeting unfolded in 1905, is today the Lenin Museum.Later, I joined outdoor activities leader Liisa Tyllila by the shore of Lake Nasijarvi, where she carefully selected a pair of snowshoes for me. \"Don't worry, the lake will hold your weight,\" she assured me, laughing. Out on the middle of the lake we paused to chat with a man fishing through tiny breaches in the ice sheet, using nothing but a handheld drill. He took no more than a minute to drill a hole, and hook a catch.Back on land, we walked over mounds of snow into the pine forest. A small wooden hut stood on a clearing, and Liisa invited me in. I could smell the appetising aroma of sausages grilling over an open wood fire. Our faces were flush pink with the warmth of the yellow flames. Liisa offered me a cup of coffee heated by the flames. The Finns, I learnt, are great hosts. Chilly weather then, is no reason not to make a trip to Finland.Handy factsWhen to go: To make the most of a winter trip to the Tampere region, a trip between March and April is recommended. Snow and ice are still abundant but the average daytime temperature has risen above 0\u00b0C, to allow you to enjoy getting out without freezing.Getting there: Tampere-Pirkkala Airport (TMP) is 13 km from the Tampere city centre, and served by flights operated by Air-Baltic, SAS/Blue1, Finnair/Flybe and Ryanair.Stay at: For views over the city centre, book a room on the higher floors of the 19-storey Sokos Hotel Ilves. Double rooms start at 118 (Rs 8,366 approx.). A cheaper option is The Hotelli Ville, a self-service hotel about 1.5km from the city centre. Single rooms start at 32 (Rs 2,269).Eat at: Head to the Plevna microbrewery and order a locally hunted reindeer steak. The meat is lean and delicious, served with lingonberry jam made from a berry acquired from the Finnish forests, and the colour of Rudolf's famous nose.Stuart.Forster mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16416855", "title": "Taruntej, Kanupriya win", "text": "LUDHIANA: The seniors of BBA and BCom batches of Sri Aurobindo College of Commerce and Management let their hair down in euphoria at Samanvaya'12, the freshers' party, as they welcomed the new batch of students at a city hotel on Saturday. Taruntej Singh and Kanupriya of BCom walked away with Mr and Miss Fresher titles, respectively, at Samanvaya'12. The lighting of the candelabra kick started the party and college principal Dr R L Behl welcomed the new batch of students. A cultural extravaganza comprising dances and band performances followed, which was hosted by BCom III students Mitul Dang, Kanika Jain, Jatin Gera and Morisha Bansal. Like the bands, even the dance teams had titles for their performances. The stage was set ablaze by the Jammers, Fire and Ice, The Contemporary Angels, The Free Style Dance, The Lost Road Band and Bhangra Divas. Around 300 students walked down the ramp to contest for Miss Fresher and Mr Fresher titles, which were judged by prof Meenu Goyal, prof Suvidha Kamra and prof Tisha Sharma. There were many other titles to be won including,Early Bird which went to Aayush of BCom, Miss Confidence won by Palak Malik of BCom, Miss Elegance won by Nancy Chopra of BCom and Mr Personality went to Nikhil Kapoor of BCom. Jatin, who hosted the show along with others, also paid a musical tribute to Bollywood superstar Rajech Khanna with his band. Reality singing star Rashi Sood enchanted the crowd with her melodious voice. \"The musical tribute to Kaka was the best part of this evening. The teachers and students enjoyed the party to its best,\" said BBA student Atul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16416977", "title": "BHU goes hi-tech, to provide better internet facilities", "text": "VARANASI: The internet services for students and staff members of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) will soon be hassle free, fast and resistance free. Richa Srivastava, a research scholar, said that there are many lecture session by eminent professors and scientists uploaded in the form of videos on various informative websites. If the speed of the internet becomes better, we can access them fast.According to Prof Satyabrata Jit, department of Electronics Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT, BHU), the band width of the internet connection is being increased to 825 mbps promising to withstand internet traffic and provide good speed to students.Notably, so far the internet band width in BHU was only 120 mbps for national knowledge network and 60 mbps for local area network (LAN). Around Rs 80 lakhs has been spent in increasing the band width of the internet.\"The new band width has been provided and we are observing the maximum usage by users so that its performance is being monitored\", added Jit. Apart from that to avoid frequent technical snags in internet cables, mainly caused due to digging and other construction works on varsity campus, computer centre has purchased a link aggregator for Rs 87 lakhs. This problem was faced recently at some hostels when the inmates had also staged demonstration demanding better network facilities. \"The link aggregator will connect the multiple network connections in parallel to increase output beyond what a single connection could sustain, and will provide redundancy in case one of the links fails. It is being installed at present and this process will take around 20 to 25 days to complete\", informed Jit.Meanwhile, computer centre has recently installed a new firewall of 10 Gbps worth Rs 3.04 crores. Moreover, computer centre has also received a fund of Rs 30 lakhs to meet the expenses in several repairing replacement work related to internet facility.Fund sought to revive internet serviceVARANASI: A fund of around Rs 80 crores has been sought in the 12th five year plan to revive the internet facility, which will include replacement of switches and optical fiber cables.If the sources are to believed this proposal has already been forwarded to the authorities concerned. The sources also revealed that there is a plan to provide internet connection to the residential buildings for university teachers and staff members also.Around 65 new locations, which will be provided with internet facility in the university have already been identified till date.When the computer centre, coordinator, Prof Satyabrata Jit was contacted he denied making comment on such proposal.But he admitted that the distribution of switches and access switches have become obsolete to such an extent that even their maintenance has become difficult. Keeping the same ground realities in view, Jit said that the capacity of these old switches is only 100 mbps, which is the major bottleneck in the entire internet facility.\"Even if we provide good speed of around 1 Gbps, the capacity of the switch is too less to withstand the speed. There are around seven distribution switches and 84 access switches with a low capacity of 100 mbps in various hostels and academic buildings, a majority of which comprise of IIT-BHU premises\", informed Jit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16416835", "title": "With eye on '14 polls Sena, NCP, Cong begin power games", "text": "While all political parties are preparing to get into poll mode for the 2014 legislative assembly elections, voices of dissent have started echoing within major political parties like the Congress, the NCP and the Shiv Sena.Veteran Shiv Sainik Babanrao Gholap, whose 'rags to riches' story continues to inspire wannabe politicians, recently aired his fury against the party when the Shiv Sena did not endorse candidates suggested by him for the civic education panel. His dissenting voice came at a time when the Sena is losing out its turf to its bete noire, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS).Of the 13 MNS MLAs elected in the last assembly polls, three are from Nashik. Besides, in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) polls six months ago, the MNS wrested power from the Shiv Sena.Gholap volunteered to withdraw from active politics, if the party continued to ignore him. His outbursts seemed to stem more out of his feeling of being insecure in organisational matters in the runup to the polls, rather than his commitment to the party ideals or the welfare of the people. Gholap was made the minister for social welfare and prohibition during the Sena-BJP regime (1995-99).During his controversial stint, he was stripped of the prohibition portfolio after he inaugurated a liquor shop of a Sena leader in Cidco and he was later dropped from the cabinet after his name figured in the list of ministers against whom Anna Hazare had launched a campaign. The Sena was reluctant in nominating him for a fresh term in 1999.Interestingly, his nephew Ravikiran Gholap who was nominated from Deolali in place of Gholap Sr, could not contest as the necessary party documents did not reach Nashik in time. Gholap Sr who had filed papers an independent, got elected. Subsequently, Gholap's daughter Naina went on to become the Mayor of Nashik. Another daughter was nominated for the Zilla Parishad polls and nephew to the civic polls.His posturing was a voice of dissent to make the party realise his importance in the runup to the next polls. After two visits to Matoshri, he has announced a ceasefire. Whether he uses it only to promote his clan, would be evident in the 2014 polls.The other political clan that is jittery is in the NCP. The Bhujbal clan has expressed its annoyance over casteist politics within the party. The guardian minister of Nashik district Chhagan Bhujbal , on the occasion of the anniversary of a local Marathi daily, expressed his anguish over the intra-party rift over caste. As an OBC leader in a Maratha dominated party, Bhujbal has pointed out that though he survived the ugly propaganda against his clan during the last polls (and not only got re-elected as MLA from Yeola, but also got his nephew Sameer elected as Nashik MP, and son Pankaj as MLA from Nandgaon), he was unhappy over the state of affairs in the party.Like Gholap, Bhujbal Sr has lambasted at the Maratha leaders in the party for demonizing him for promoting people of his Mali community, despite the fact that he has promoted some Marathas, too. He has also pointed out that the OBC votes garnered by him ultimately strengthen the NCP, which is a Maratha dominated party.However, in the process, Bhujbal Sr conveniently sidestepped the fact that he has not been neutral while using his discretion as the politician in power. That he is following the footsteps of feudal lords in his party, is another matter.In the Congress party, there are voices of dissent against the city president and NMC member Akash Chhajed. His detractors are gradually coming out in the open against him and his MLC father Jaiprakash Chhajed. At the felicitation of newly elected education committee members, some Congressmen accused the Chhajeds of high-handedness. While Akash has said that it was not an official Congress party meeting, the fact that Congress leaders like former minister of state Shobha Bachhav were present at the meeting and did not defend them, indicates that pressure is building up against the family in the runup to the elections.Voices of dissent have begun to emerge among major parties as key players start to prepare for battle", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16416658", "title": "Government to ban tonsuring of mentally ill, patients to wear their own clothes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Compulsory tonsuring, a common practice on patients of mental illnesses, is all set to be banned.When admitted in any mental institute, such patients will wear their personal clothes and not be forced to wear uniforms provided by the establishment. Now, menstrual care of women mental illness patients will be taken care by the instituteMental homes will need to have facilities for leisure, recreation, education and religious practices for patients. A mental health establishment can also not force inmates to undertake work they do not wish to do. Patients will also have to be paid an \"appropriate remuneration for the work when undertaken\".With one in four families likely to have at least one member with a behavioral or mental disorder in the country, the new Mental Healthcare Bill includes some patient-friendly provisions.A health ministry official told TOI, \"We have received public comments on the draft bill. We are ready with the Bill. We aim to present it during the winter session of Parliament. It is an all in all patient-friendly Bill.\"The World Health Organization recently said, \"Of all disabilities, severe mental illness is associated with the highest rates of unemployment: up to 90%. People with mental health conditions often have their human rights violated. They are often denied civil and political rights such as the right to marry.\" According to Section 53 of the draft Bill on \"restraints and seclusions,\" physical restraint or seclusion of any patient may only be used when it is the only means available to prevent imminent harm to person concerned or to others.The medical officer or psychiatrist in charge of the mental health establishment shall now be responsible for ensuring that the method, justification for its imposition and the duration of the restraint or seclusion are immediately recorded in the person's medical notes.India is also pushing for a complete ban of electro-convulsive therapy without the use of muscle relaxants and anesthesia, electro-convulsive therapy for minors, sterilization of men or women, when such sterilization is intended as a treatment for mental illness. Patients can no more be chained like it happens now in several mental institutions.In the Erwadi tragedy in 2001, over 20 people with mental illness were charred to death after a fire swept through an institute in which they were chained to their beds. The draft Bill for the first time calls for the setting up of a Mental Health Review Commission within three months of the Act coming into force to exercise the powers.The Commission's president has to be of the level of a HC judge. The panel will also have to have two members who are mental health professionals of whom one has to be a psychiatrist. Two members shall also have to be persons with mental illness or caregivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415338", "title": "Minister\u2019s son caught drunk driving", "text": "HYDERABAD: Animal husbandry minister P Viswarup's son was caught driving his swank Volvo under the influence of alcohol in Jubilee Hills on Friday night. His vehicle was seized and he was asked to appear before the court on Tuesday.During the ongoing special drive against drunken driving, the traffic police on Friday night put up a check point along the KBR Park.At around 10.30 pm, the minister's son P Krishna, 25, was driving his Volvo car from Apollo Hospital and was heading towards Jagannath temple. When his car was stopped on Road No. 87, Jubilee Hills, Krishna was in the driver's seat and he was asked to take the breath analyzer test, Banjara Hills inspector (Traffic) K Balakrishna Reddy told STOI.\"Krishna's blood alcohol content ( BAC) was 57 mg/100 ml against the permissible limit of 30 mg per 100 ml. His car was seized,'' police said.Krishna, a businessman, was returning to his residence in Banjara Hills after attending a party. He and his friend hired an auto and went home, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16416264", "title": "Bids invited for NH-24 underpass", "text": "NOIDA: There is good news for commuters using NH-24 to travel to Delhi, Ghaziabad and Noida. The Noida Authority has invited bids for construction of an underpass at the Model Town crossing. A meeting was held on Friday, and technical and financial bids will be finalized on September 21 and September 28, respectively.Traffic movement from Noida to NH-24 via Sector 62 and towards Delhi and Ghaziabad is soon going to be streamlined as the Authority plans to develop signal-free intersections by constructing underpasses where link roads meet the busy highway.The Authority will construct three underpasses on a 6km stretch along the highway that will open into Khoda colony, NIB Chowk and Model Town chowki. An application for a NOC (No Objection Letter) has been sent to NHAI ( National Highways Authority of India) and Ghaziabad Authority to construct the underpass at the Model Town junction of NH-24.In the first phase, the underpass at Model Town crossing is estimated to help thousands of commuters to directly access NH-24. \"Given the heavy traffic movement between Noida, Ghaziabad and Delhi through the intersections with NH-24, it is necessary to develop the underpasses in a way that it ensures smooth flow of vehicles,\" said A K Goel, chief maintenance engineer (civil), Noida. \"We will use pushback technology for construction to keep traffic disruption to the minimum,\" Goel said.Vehicles coming from Delhi will enter Noida through a loop road without increasing the burden on the highway. Also, after the construction of the underpass, vehicles going towards Indirapuram and Vasundhara will not have to use the highway. The plan is to build cloverleaf loops on all sides leading to and from the NH-24. A roundabout is also planned at the Mamura crossing.During the pre-bid meeting on Friday, it was decided that the consultant appointed by the Authority will have to draw up the plans in consultation with NHAI. The area witnesses jams, especially during peak hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415921", "title": "Medical student found dead, classmate held", "text": "KOLKATA: Mystery shrouds the death of 23-year-old medical student Pinki Shaw, whose half-naked body was found lying on the bed in her flat at Barrackpore Wireless Para on Saturday morning. An injury mark was found around her neck. Police have arrested her classmate Satyajit Roy, who reportedly stayed with her the night before.Pinki, a final-year student of Haldia Institute of Dental Science and Research, used to stay alone in the second-floor flat. Her parents live in Coochbehar and they some times come down to their Barrackpore flat that they had bought for Pinki two years back. According to residents of the apartment, Pinki came to the flat on Friday evening with Satyajit, a resident of Tollygunge. On Saturday morning, the residents found the youth loitering just outside the flat.\"The youth has come to the flat several times and spent long hours with the girl. Around 8.30am on Friday, we found him loitering suspiciously in front of Pinki's flat. When we asked him about Pinki, he did not respond properly. Suspecting something was wrong, we went to the flat and found the girl lying dead,\" said Prabir Ghosh, secretary of the flat-owners' association.After being informed, a police team from Titagarh came to the spot and took Satyajit to police station for interrogation. He was later arrested. But the accused reportedly claimed that Pinki had committed suicide by hanging herself. He also reportedly told the police that he slept alone in another room on Friday night and he found Pinki hanging from the ceiling in her room on Saturday morning.\"There were several inconsistencies in his statements. According to some circumstantial evidences, we have initiated a murder case. We are also waiting for the autopsy report,\" said Kalyan Mukherjee, DC(DD). Police are also investigating whether the girl was sexually abused before her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16417238", "title": "If some states want FDI, shouldn\u2019t they get it?", "text": "The UPA coalition has unleashed a fresh wave of reforms, including opening up the multi-brand retail sector to foreign players such as Wal-Mart , Tesco and Carrefour. But the reform push has hit a wall of protest, with the Trinamool Congress handing a 72-hour deadline to roll back the decisions. Commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma tells Sidhartha and Surojit Gupta the decisions will help generate jobs and attract investment.Your allies have given a deadline on rolling back the decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail.First, it is a considered decision looking at the ground realities in our country. There is a need to address the challenge of post-harvest losses by creating an integrated infrastructure in rural India, by bringing in modern technologies and food processing. Farmer bodies and unions have strongly supported it. The farmers will definitely benefit and their children will get gainful employment by getting skilled and semi-skilled jobs. At the same time, the SME sector stands to benefit because it will give a fillip to local manufacturing for the non-agro commodities.Therefore, I fail to understand why there is opposition to a decision which will eventually help large sections of our society and create millions of jobs. Having said that, I will say three things. One, we have a distinct Indian model unlike countries such as China Thailand, Brazil and South Africa, where huge retail operations have boosted the economy . It takes on board all the complexities and socio-economic realities and the diversity of this country. We have allowed only 51%, with the minimum threshold to be $100 million in back-end infrastructure. Again, this is an enabling policy. We are a democracy. Under our Constitution, states have their own right and space. So we respect the decision and the ideology of our ally, Trinamool Congress and Mamata Banerjee. It is her prerogative not to implement this decision in West Bengal. There are also a large number of states which have been strongly demanding the policy and have written to us.But these are only nine states, which is less than one-third of India.Are these nine states of India or not? They are large states like Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra. Under our Constitution, every state has equal rights. No state has special rights. Look at the importance of the states \u2014 from Jammu and Kashmir to Manipur, and from Uttarakhand to Assam. These are border states, landlocked states, states that produce fruits and vegetables. When they want it, shall we say they shouldn't have it?What has been done this time that was not done the last time to ensure that the decision goes through?We have talked to everyone. Many states are firmly on board. I have written to all the chief ministers and the only ones who have conveyed their opposition are the CMs of Orissa, Bihar, MP and Tripura. Because Kerala, Tripura and West Bengal have different politics, you have to understand the dynamics.Are you suggesting that political resistance was factored in?That's why we have said we leave it to the wisdom and decision of the states. The central government is not going to give a licence to open ashop that's done by the local authority under the Shops and Establishments Act. Can anything be more fair or transparent or more democratic?Will the foreign retailers now have the same enthusiasm to come to India because you have allowed it in a limited number of states?I am sure they will. You will see that the states which do not go for it (initially) may eventually see the benefit that the farmers and consumers get in other states, when the infrastructure is created, when jobs are created.A group has been set up in the consumer affairs ministry. Is it going to look into issues such as Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) Act?APMC is the jurisdiction of states. I am sure the states which opt for it will visit that issue. Remember, there is a canard being spread that small retail will be impacted . This was done when organised retail was introduced in and quite a few of our own corporate houses stepped into organised retail. But of the retail trading in India , 95% is with the small retailers. Second , when McDonald's and KFC came, they said what will happen to Nathu's , Haldiram's amd Bikanerwala? From being local they have become global. I can understand some political parties have reservations because their ideology is blinkered, as is the case with the Left. When it comes to the BJP, it is partisan politics because during the consultation process two of their state governments , Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh, had asked for it in writing. When BJP was in government they had undertaken the same exercise. They prepared a draft cabinet note for permitting 100% FDI, without any conditions. Now it has changed its philosophy . Is this honesty ?If the protests threaten the stability of the government , will you still stand by your decision?I am being very clear. We have to govern and take decisions which are fair and correct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16416641", "title": "No idol immersion off Marina beach: Pollution Control Board", "text": "CHENNAI: People will not be allowed to immerse Vinayaka idols in the sea off Marina beach this year. The Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board has identified six other locations in the city where the idols can be immersed instead.In a bid to reduce the impact on the environment due to the immersion of idols that include chemicals in the paint, the board has ordered that idols be immersed only at the Srinivasapuram near foreshore estate, fishing harbour in Kasimedu, behind the popular weigh bridge in Thiruvottiyur, Palkalai Nagar in Neelankarai, Ramakrishna Nagar in Ennore and behind the Carborundum unit in Thiruvottiyur.The TNPCB has requested the public to not immerse idols made of chemicals that pollute seawater. The board added that idols should not be immersed in the shallow water at sea shores and lakes, but, instead, taken 500 metres into the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16421000", "title": "Loose Mohan passes away", "text": "Veteran comedy actor Loose Mohan passed away today morning after a bout of illness. He was 84.Loose Mohan has been credited with introducing the Madras lingo in Tamil cinema.He was so well-known that even Ulaganayagan Kamal Haasan used to praise his proficiency in the language.Namma Kollywood celebrities have been paying tribute to the ace comedian on internet portals and micro-blogging sites.His funeral is expected to happen today evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16417470", "title": "Karnataka not to release more water to Tamil Nadu", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka has decided not to release Cauvery water beyond 10,000 cusecs to Tamil Nadu, citing drought.At an all-party meeting convened by chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Saturday, it was unanimously decided to convey to the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) that it would not be possible to release any more water to Tamil Nadu because of drought. The CRA, headed by the Prime Minister, is holding a meeting on September 19.\"We have decided to argue our case forcefully. We will explain to him our helplessness in releasing more water and will present statistics of deficit rainfall in 142 taluks of Karnataka,\" Shettar said soon after the meeting. The storage levels in reservoirs in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu will be brought to the notice of the PM.Meanwhile, Mandya district observed a total bandh in response to a call given by the Mandya Zilla Raita Hitarakshana Samiti (MZRHS) to pressure the Centre not to take a decision against Karnataka's interest at the CRA meeting.The bandh was peaceful, barring a few incidents of farmers burning effigies of Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa and water resource minister Basavaraj Bommai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415526", "title": "Scrap draft heritage list, say corporators", "text": "MUMBAI: In a stiff opposition to the new heritage draft list, Corporators cutting across party lines demanded that the draft heritage list should be scrapped.\"Until the new list is finalized, redevelopment of the buildings that are being proposed in the draft list will not be affected,\" he said civic chief Sitaram Kunte.Rahul Shewale, standing committee chief said the original list, which was compiled by the MMRDA heritage conservation committee, had proposed that areas surrounding Shivaji Park be considered a Grade III structure, but it has been upgraded as Grade I in BMC's list.\"There seems to be some conspiracy in the procedure of listing.\" said Shewale.After four years of delay, the BMC recently published the draft list which proposes to include 947 structures in addition to the existing 588 sites. Some of the newly proposed structures and precincts are located in Shiv Sena and MNS strongholds of Dadar, Prabhadevi, Mahim, and others including Bandra, Chembur, Borivli and Sewree and hence the two parties are in an tussle over taking credit over the issue. Feedback has been invited on the issue till September 30.Most corporators who spoke on the issue cautioned that redevelopment would be hit if the list is approved. They also demanded that the heritage list should include structures that are \"well-maintained and can keep up the heritage tag\".\"What is the idea of having Bandra Talao on the heritage list? People throw garbage in it and it's not at all being maintained,\" said Bandra corporator Asif Zakaria.BJP corporator Ameet Satam said many structures have been demolished and still find mention on the list. \"We need to throw this list out and start the exercise afresh. We are not against having heritage structures, but there should be some practicality in the exercise,\" said Satam.The meeting is still on, will add watever Municipal Commissioner says later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16419338", "title": "Johnson Narsidani survives, Nainil Patel wins too", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Johnson Narsidani overcame mid-game jitters before scripting an emphatic win on the third day of Gujarat State Open Ranking Billiards and Snooker Tournament on Saturday.Touted as the one to look forward to in the future, the 15-year-old schoolboy survived a tough test against Parth Patel to win the first frame 53-49. However, his inexperience showed as Parth looked good to pocket the second frame 44-37.But Johnson lived up to the hype, surrounding him, when the youngster gave his opponent no chance to seal the senior snooker match by winning the third frame 43-20.In another closely fought match, Nainil Patel overcame tough challenge from Jugal Gopani to beat him 42-41, 27-44, 71-25.Rajiv Sohani was also stretched to three frames by Harshal Sheth before winning 51-11, 40-53, 51-33.Meanwhile other matches saw facile wins. Anish Anandani defeated Tushar Sahay 64-50, 44-36 while Naimesh Jadav had it easy against Mehul Agarwal 62-10,64-15.Abhishek Rathod brushed aside Hitesh Motwani 68-32, 58-48 while Mohit Pathak beat Siddharth Shah 6-45, 62-34.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416538", "title": "Foreign players get a taste of Punjabi tadka with butter chicken", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Scrumptious Indian food was laid out to tickle the taste buds of foreign players here in city for the Davis Cup. A special menu combining Indian and European food was put together for them which included butter chicken, chicken wrap, lamb wrap, dal makhani and tomato soup. Player Dan King Turner, who ordered for butter chicken from the Indian menu, said, \"It' been an amazing experience in India - the culture, costumes and food have completely mesmerized me.\" Carefully selecting tomato soup to start with, player Mike Venus said, \"The tomato soup was delicious and this encouraged me to try dal makhani \u2014 I loved every bit of it. Although Indian food is very spicy, but I still liked it.\" Appreciating the love and effort enthused into the cooking, player Rubin Statham said, \"It's wonderful how the chefs here have combined Indian and European dishes and complemented them with our preferences. It was clearly evident from the amazing taste that a lot of love and effort has gone into cooking these for us.\" Physiotherapist of the New Zealand team Murray Hing said, \"We are health conscious and have to maintain good health as Davis Cup is on. So we are choosing our food with utmost care as we cannot compromise with the health.\" Captain of the team Marcel Vos said, \"Chicken and lamb wraps are among our favourite dishes. The taste is very different and refreshing here.\" The man behind arranging the wonderful menu for players, chef Chetak Goyal said, \"We could not serve them authentic Indian dishes as most foreign players are not habitual of this cuisine, thus we combined Indian and European dishes. Nevertheless, we kept the spirit Indian.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416263", "title": "After 18 years, Haryana gets rights panel", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a wait of 18 years, Haryana will finally have a state human rights commission as the state government on Saturday recommended names for a three-member panel. A committee, headed by chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , has recommended former chief justice of Punjab and Haryana high court Vijender Jain as its chairperson while former judge of Himachal Pradesh high court HS Bhalla and retired IAS officer J S Ahlawat will be the other two members. The governor will soon issue the formal orders for the appointments.Haryana is the 19th state in the country to set up the human rights commission. The state government had started considering formation of the rights panel in 1994 when the Central government and NHRC initiated efforts for such state bodies.Around 3,000 cases from Haryana were annually registered with the National Human Rights Commission. These cases relate to police high-handedness, discrimination against women, human rights violations in jails and caste-based discrimination.Neighbouring states Punjab and Himachal Pradesh had formed the human rights commissions much before Haryana. The term of the commission will be for five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415574", "title": "Court nod to inquiry into school's funds", "text": "MUMBAI: An inquiry by the charity commissioner (CC) into allegations of misappropriation of funds of Vibgyor High School, Goregaon (W), shall proceed, with the Bombay high court dismissing an appeal by the school's trust.A division bench of Justices Dhananjay Chandrachud and Amjad Sayed was hearing a petition by Rustomjee Kerawalla Foundation challenging a single judge's order. The latter upheld the CC's January 11 order rejecting the foundation's plea to dismiss at the threshold an inquiry into a complaint by Avisha Kulkarni, a parent who had challenged a fee hike at the Goregaon school.The foundation said the assistant CC had already looked into a May 2, 2008 complaint by B Ramakrishnan and said on June 20, 2008 that it had no substance. It submitted that no fresh inquiry can be held on the basis of material which had fallen for consideration in an earlier inquiry. But the single judge on July 31 held that the inquiry held earlier was no inquiry in the eyes of the law and there was no finding on merits regarding misappropriation of funds.On January 25, 2011, in a letter to the CC, Kulkarni had written a letter to the CC, asking on what basis a clean chit was given to the foundation and asked for a re-inquiry. Kulkarni hadalleged that in 2010, the trust paid Rs 5.92 crore to its own company, Care Edumin Pvt Ltd, towards lease rent for the school building and Rs 1.75 crore for repairs and maintenance. The CC, noting that no inquiry was made into allegations of misappropriation of funds, directed a further inquiry.Kulkarni's counsel B K Subbarao argued that the CC has a wide jurisdiction to act not only on a complaint but even suo motu. Upholding his submission, the judges in their August 29 order said even bare perusal of the earlier order would show that substance of the allegation was not inquired into. They concluded that the single judge did not commit an error in dismissing the trust's plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16416873", "title": "Man held for duping businessman", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Road police have arrested one person for duping a Dehradun-based trader to the tune of Rs 3 lakh.According to the complaint lodged with the Nashik Road police, Rajendra Saudi had put out an advertisement on a website for the sale and purchase of onion and pomegranate. Accordingly, Mohan Lahane of A To Z Enterprises, Nashik, had contacted Saudi on telephone and assured him that he would send him a consignment of the fruit and vegetable.Between November 18, 2011 to May 11, 2012, Saudi paid Lahane Rs 3 lakh for the consignment's delivery, which Lahane accepted.However, Saudi did not receive any consignment following payment after which which Saudi finally lodged a complaint with the Nashik Road police., following which cops arrested Lahane.Rajendra Saudi had advertised for the sale and purchase of onion and pomegranate. Mohan Lahane responding to the ad and accepted Rs 3 lakh but allegedly did not deliver the consignment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16421349", "title": "Sasikumar back with a bang", "text": "Sundarapandian, Sasikumar's latest film is back with a bang.The actor is now all set to start his home production, which will be directed by the legendary Balu Mahendra, who is making a comeback after his last venture Adhu Oru Kanaa Kaalam with Dhanush and Priyamani in 2005.The movie has been tentatively titled Thalaimuraigal and the music for the movie is by none other than maestro Ilaiyaraaja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16417457", "title": "Probe against cops over Aseem FIR", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the Bombay high court sought to fix responsibility for the \"arbitrary\" arrest of political cartoonist Aseem Trivedi for sedition , the state government on Saturday ordered an inquiry against those involved in the registering of an FIR against him .Home minister R R Patil has directed police commissioner Satya Pal Singh to probe if the right course of action was followedwhile applying chargesunder Indian Penal Code's Section 124A (sedition ). \"The police officials and the legal team that had advised the police to follow this particular course of action will be probed to find out if any arbitrariness was applied while slapping the sedition charge ,\" said an official .Senior policeofficialstoldTOIthatthe charges applied against the cartoonist were drawn from an earlier order passed by a magisterial court in Beed. The order , in a similar matter , took cognizance under sections 124A and 295 A (to outrage religious sentiments ) against the cartoonist . Subsequently , the Mumbai police received eight applications from Dalit groups and lawyers demanding action against Trivedi . \"When a magisterial order is taken as a basis , there is only so much a police officer could do to apply his mind . We still sought legal opinion twice and finally registered a case under 124A,\" said a senior police officer .The police said though the case was registered after \"proper application of mind and studying documentary evidence\" , the reason for applying sedition charge still remained open for a debate . \"There is some scope for deliberation if therewas a needto apply 124A,\" said an official , adding the government was fair in ordering a probe since the flak has mostly been faced by the home department and senior police officials . \"Whatever 'gimmick' was played at the lower level of police hierarchy must be sorted out at the same level . As the home department wasn't kept in the loop , there is a scope for an inquiry here , to find what exactly happened during the process ,\" said an officer .The Bombay high court on Friday slammed the state for the \"frivolous\" arrest of Trivedi and hinted at the arbitrariness with which the matter was handled by cops . Trivedi was released on bail on September 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16420780", "title": "Punjab minister Gulzar Singh Ranike resigns", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab minister Gulzar Singh Ranike, whose former personal assistant was alleged involved in misappropriation of public funds, today resigned on moral grounds.The animal husbandry minister met chief minister Parkash Singh Badal here and submitted his resignation.Ranike urged Badal to accept his resignation immediately to uphold the highest moral ethics in politics as well to maintain the dignity of the office so as to enable the ongoing enquiry by the Vigilance Bureau to proceed in a transparent and impartial manner.In his resignation letter, Ranike reiterated that he and his family had always stood firmly for transparency and high moral values in their social and political life as propagated by the Shiromani Akali Dal.Ranike also pointed out that his brother had laid down his life fighting for the sake of the party's principles and policies.The chief minister, meanwhile, appreciated Ranike's moral courage in resigning on his own.Badal said the law will takes its own course and made it clear that the vigilance enquiry ordered by him in the case was in line with the SAD-BJP government's policy of ensuring transparent and corruption-free governance.The chief minister forwarded the resignation of Ranike to Governor Shivraj V Patil with a request for its immediate acceptance, an official spokesman said.Ranike is the third cabinet minister of the Badal government to resign. Bibi Jagir Kaur and Tota Singh had resigned few months back after their conviction by courts in different cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16418975", "title": "Rs 1 crore gate in memory Guru Ravidass", "text": "JALANDHAR: When consciousness about identity in Dalits, especially in Ravidassia (Adi-dharmi) community, has already entered the level of identity assertion a big, magnificent gate at a cost of over Rs one crore has been built in Haridwar, which is considered as one of the seven holiest places in Hindus, in the memory of Guru Ravidass.Even as there are several NRIs from the community in Doaba region but Sri Guru Ravidass Sadhu Sampardai Society President Sant Nirmal Dass, who took this initiative of gate building, tells that they have not taken any money from NRIs and the magnificent structure has come up with contributions from common dalits. The gate stands across the double laned road near Jattwara Bridge on Ganga at Jawalapur in the memory of visit of Guru Ravidass to Haridwar.The total span of the gate is 110 feet while the height is 65 feet and width 18 feet. \"The marble clad gate is a complete concrete structure and bricks have not been used at all in it. As we did not want to give any pillar in the middle of the gate very prominent structural engineers were engaged for the project. It has cost us more than Rs one crores,\" said Sant Nirmal Dass.The work on the project has been completed in two and a half years after starting in February 2009. Then Uttrakhand chief minister B C Khanduri had laid its foundation stone.Even 300 persons can sit between the two roofs of the gate as stair cases have also been built in the side pillars. \"We shall also have a temple at the top of the gate which would have two large pictures of Guru Ravidass visible on either side of the gate,\"he said.\"We had made it a point that no help from NRIs will be taken and let the commoners contribute from their income - good or meagre - so that they can have a better sense of belonging. Some other Sants of the Society also contributed apart from our Dera at Babe Jaure,\" he revealed.Asked about the reason behind raising this gate, Sant Nirmal Dass said that it would give the community members an element of self respect and they would also feel that they also had magnificent memorials of their Guru when other communities also have grand religious structures.Earlier bating Ghats along Ganga and an Ashram were also built in Haridwar by the Dera which is headed by Sant Nirmal Dass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16415395", "title": "Minister shocked by bad Civil Hospital condition", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Minister for water supply and sanitation Laxmanrao Dhoble on Friday expressed shock over poor facilities and services in the Civil Hospital here and said he would take up the matter with health minister Suresh Shetty. The minister inspected the hospital and reviewed facilities and enquired about the patients during his two-day meeting.Dhoble said the hospital was overcrowded with patients and there was lack of staffers to attend to them. He also found the X-ray and CT scan machines non-functional. He directed the officials to provide proper arrangement to patients coming to the hospital. He however praised the hospital for cleanliness and good mess service.Reviewing the law and order situation, Dhoble praised new superintendent of police Rajiv Jain for bringing down the crime rate. He also lauded the MGREGS works carried out under Chandrapur Zilla Parishad.Dhoble held a meeting with district collector, CEO and municipal commissioner and asked them to see whether empty revenue land in the area could be utilized for cheaper houses to BPL people through housing societies. He also suggested using CSR funds of various industries and mines for development of Chandrapur. He said he would take up the matter of using CSR funds for city's development with urban development ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16421848", "title": "International football clubs keen on playing in India", "text": "BANGALORE: Key architect of Airtel Rising Stars initiative, Bharat Bambawale on Sunday said there is a tremendous interest among sponsors and brands to invite international football clubs to play matches before Indian fans and promote football in the cricket-crazy country.\"There is a lot of interest shown by sponsors and brands not only to bring English Premier League teams but also La Liga and Serie A teams to play matches before Indian fans to promote football in India,\" Bambawale said.Equally, the clubs have also shown interest to visit India as they have been approaching sponsors and brands like Airtel, Bambawale said. \"Leading international club stars playing before Indian football fans will help attract youth to the sport,\" he said.In fact, players like Wayne Rooney are interested in the development and growth of football in several countries including India, Bambawale said.He further said there was repertoire of young football talent in the country who are keen to excel in the sport.\"I am pretty sure that over time, we will see talent grow in the backdrop of players like Sunil Chhetri signing on with Portugal's football club Sporting Lisbon ,\" he said.Moreover the support from football federations and corporate world would see a continuous growth in abilities of young Indian footballers, which would translate into success for Team India, he said.Replying to a query, Bambawale said it will be wonderful if some of the youngsters play for Manchester United , but they still have a long way to go. \"I am sure at one point of time they (international clubs) will be looking at Indian footballers. Just when that will happen, I don't know at this point of time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16415527", "title": "Chakravyuh shoot yet not over", "text": "BHOPAL: Just about a month to go before the release of film - Chakravyuh, director Prakash Jha along with cast members Arjun Rampal and Esha Gupta are headed back to Bhopal. Sources say that Jha would be filming in Bhopal next week for some much needed 'patch work', just ahead of scheduled release on October 24.Sources say that the 'patch work' is considered significant for Jha's new film which seeks to explore the Naxal problem. The film has already run into trouble with the censors over a song and its intentional resemblance to real-life characters and incidents. Chakravyuh is scheduled for an international release on October 24.Only a few cast and crew are expected to return for filming next week, with the schedule limited to Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16421129", "title": "Rebel, CGR to get a huge release in TN", "text": "Telugu films continue to get good offers at the Kollywood box office. Prabhas' Rebel and power star Pawan Kalyan's Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu are the latest entrants to join this league. Trade sources say that both the films have generated great demand in Tamil Nadu for the theatrical rights and exhibitors have quoted high prices to bag the movies.Trade reports say that Prabhas' Rebel was bought for a whopping 33 lakhs - three times more than his last film Mr. Perfect, which was sold for around 10-12 lakhs. This is the highest price for Prabhas' film so far, and what's more, Rebel is also doing great business in AP and overseas market too. Similarly, Pawan Kalyan's Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu is also generating great buzz. The film's USA rights have already been sold for a record price and in TN too, the movie's asking price has been around 55 lakhs, although it is yet to be closed. This means, both the films are likely to get a huge release in Tamil Nadu too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16416879", "title": "Cut in LPG cylinders could bleed Kerala State Electricity Board", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The central government decision to cut down the number of subsidized LPG cylinders to domestic consumers would agonize not only the average middle class households, but also the Kerala State Electricity Board, which is already beset with the problem of acute power shortage.According to KSEB, electricity consumption during morning hours has been showing a steady increase. Scarcity of cooking gas would further propel this, as most households now see induction cooker as the best alternative.As per KSEB statistics, power consumption during morning hours on Friday (Sept 14) was 3,062MW against the morning peak consumption of 2,026MW on July 8 this year. Widespread use of induction cookers is seen as one of the prime reasons for this. Though the board is set to introduce 'time of day' metering for consumers using more than 500 units a month, majority of domestic consumers won't come under this.For consumers using less than 500 units, electricity will be as cheap as the cost of subsidized LPG cylinders. This would trigger the energy demands of average households,\" said energy management centre (EMC)-Kerala director Dharesan Unnithan. The EMC recently conducted a study on the spiralling use of induction cookers in Kerala. As per the study, marketing campaigns that project induction cookers as cheaper than LPG cylinders could not be believed as such.\"A single brand of induction cookers sold over 40,000 pieces last year. If we take a moderate number of 1,00,000 pieces as being used at a specific time, the resultant load will be 200MW, coinciding with the morning peak,\" the study says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415840", "title": "4 playgrounds, 17 parks planned in Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation area", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) will soon develop 17 gardens and four playgrounds on plots reserved in the development plan.Speaking to TOI, Yogesh Mhase, chief executive officer, PCNTDA, said, \"The plots have been reserved for development works. Their area ranges from 1,100 sq mt to 11,700 sq mt. We have made a provision of Rs 31 crore in the 2012-13 budget. We will be developing 17 gardens and four playgrounds as well as other amenities.\"Mhase said, \"Local mandals or housing societies will be allotted the task of supervising the gardens while we maintain them. The executive committee of PCNTDA approved the appointment of a panel of architects for the development of these projects. An architect each will be appointed within a fortnight for every project. We should be able to invite bids for all these projects during November-December. We want to start the actual work on the project in 2013.\"Meanwhile, the PCNTDA has started online process for issuance of tenders for development projects. Auctioning of properties will also be done online.Mhase said normally 15 days are given to download tender forms and another 15 days are given for form submission. The e-tendering not only saves time, it also improves transpareny. We have directed the officials to check the e-auctioning method in Navi Mumbai and Nagpur, Mhase said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16416532", "title": "MHA, MEA at odds on ties with Pak", "text": "NEW DELHI: National security adviser (NSA) Shivshankar Menon has briefed Indian diplomats that India may have a record number of terrorist infiltrations from Pakistan. Briefing Indian heads of missions (HoMs) here, Menon told them that terrorism from Pakistan was a never-ending affair, but despite this, India needed to engage with different quarters in that country, even as New Delhi enhances its own security proactively.The NSA's assessment of Pakistan matched the home ministry's briefing to Indian diplomats. But these were at variance with the ministry of external affairs' take on India's ties with Pakistan. Foreign minister S M Krishna gave a fairly positive spin to the Pakistan relationship, describing it as a \"democracy\". Giving an account of his recent visit to Islamabad for talks with his counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar , Krishna felt a new atmosphere in Pakistan and is confident that the relationship was on the upswing. Pakistan, he said, wanted to take steps forward. On the question of whether the powerful ISI and Pakistani Army was on the same page as the civilian government there, Krishna said, he believed that if the civilians were moving forward with India it would have the \"blessings\" of the military.But these were very different from the home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde's assessment. In his speech to the diplomats, Shinde explained the different ways in which Pakistan continued to foment terrorism inside India. These included infiltration, a growing fake Indian currency network, sleeper cells of terror groups, luring Indians to terror training camps to carry out terror attacks.Diplomats listening to the top levels of policymaking in the government would be forgiven for believing that the establishment was speaking in different voices. But though there is almost no one willing to bet that Pakistan had given up terrorism against India, there is an understanding that India needed to engage with some of the main players in Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16417526", "title": "Earth care awards 2012: Celebrating the green champs", "text": "NEW DELHI: No nation can face the challenge of climate change alone. On that note, the fourth edition of the Earth Care Awards crossed borders to bring into its fold the Saarc nations. The award ceremony on Friday was hosted by The Times of India and the JSW Foundation in association with Centre for Environment Education.The theme for this year's Earth Care Awards was \"Aanchal\" and talked of the environment as the protective mother. She needs to be respected and protected now for future generations to enjoy nature's bounty. The awards were initiated in 2008 and have, each year since then, recognised and rewarded innovation in the field of sustainable development. This year, for the first time, the awards appreciated India's neighbours for their war against climate change. These nations, like India, are fighting for their rightful place in the world, but are focused on sustainable models of development.Chief guest for the evening, minister for environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan , lauded The Times of India for bringing the work of environment crusaders into national focus. She said sustainability and growth are not separate cultures but complement each other. \"There can be no development unless integrity of the land is preserved. We have to cherish , nourish and keep our resources very carefully so we can hand over a healthy planet earth to generations that follow.\"For guest of honour, power minister Veerappa Moily, the road to sustainability is mapped in Gandhi's quote, \"Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need, but not every man's greed.\" He said much of the world's natural resources have perished because of a \"crisis of character.\"The awards celebrate people working tirelessly to address concerns facing our environment. Arunabh Das Sharma, BCCL president, welcoming the gathering , said: \"It's a global problem but the harshest impact is felt in the Third World because to come out of poverty, they tend to over-consume and overwork resources.\" Forums such as this debate such issues. He added: \"This work can't be in isolation so we' extended our hands to our neighbours this year.\" The winners are ACC's Gagal Cement Works, Sri Lanka's Help-O , Bangladesh's ministry of forests and environment, Gujarat Energy Development Agency, Orchid Ecotel Hotel, NTPC's CeNPEEP, nonprofit Avani, Eco Task Force of the Garhwal Eco Warriors, Adya WiFi Metering and Coir Atlas.Sangita Jindal, chairperson of JSW Foundation said: \"We are concerned about the environment but are encouraged by the many crusaders protecting Mother Earth. We have people living in hamlets striving to make our lives more liveable. It's important we recognise this work and give it publicity.\" The evening got off to an upbeat start with rock band EKA performing a special number Tere aanchal mein. Among those who attended were officials of the ministry of environment and forests ; ministry of power; high commissions of Bangladesh, Maldives, Australia, Sri Lanka and Pakistan; and embassies of Afghanistan , Nepal , Bhutan , Japan, Chile, US and Germany.Of inventions &amp; innovations the winnersCATEGORY 1 | INNOVATION FOR CLIMATE PROTECTIONPower Pine Avani | Uttarakhand A100-200 KW power plant that generates electricity from waste pine needles via 'gasification' . The residual charcoal can be used as cooking fuel. The power can be sold to the state grid. Locals can sell pine needles and also work at the plant. Also a good way to remove a major source of forest fires.Cutting Costs Adya WiFi Metering | Andhra Pradesh An innovation in power distribution, the prototype wifi reading meter has a prepaid service with variable pricing; can integrate water, gas &amp; other meters too. Has energy audit &amp; accounting system. The 'smart city' meter cuts delivery losses to below 10%.Making Sun Shine GEDA | Gujarat The Gujarat Energy Development Agency made the state the first to have a Solar Power Policy in 2009 and followed it with an effective roll-out strategy. It's made Gandhinagar a solar city and issues Renewable Energy Certificates that's a marketbased tradable instrument. The city has a solar park, solar panels on the water canal etc. Geda's set up an Energy Transmission Company to provide grid connectivity.Brute Jute Coir Atlas | Jharkhand Made from bamboo and jute, this is a separator for use in transportation and storage. Himanshu Sheth's product has passed tests by IIT Kharagpur, steel firms and transporters for utility, resilience and strength. Easy to make, it can replace the currently used single-use hard wood and selfhelp groups can manufacture it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419124", "title": "Suthi Velu passes away", "text": "Kurumaddali Lakshmi Narasimha Rao, who had been ailing for the last one year, passed away on Sunday morning in Chennai. Born on August 7, 1947, his film career kicked off in the 1980s. With over 200 films to his credit, he entertained Telugu audiences for more than two decades.Known for this comic timing, he was portrayed well in director Jandhyala's comedies that had him pairing up with fellow comedian Suthi Veerabhadrarao. Suthi Velu received the Nandi Award for Best Supporting Actor for the film Vandematharam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "geneva", "code": "16417066", "title": "Delhi, Mumbai are cheapest cities for food, Tokyo costliest", "text": "GENEVA: Tokyo is the world's most expensive city for food, followed by Zurich and Geneva, shows a report released by the Swiss bank UBS covering 72 cities in 58 countries.The food basket composed of 39 different representative products, used as the measurement unit, costs $928 in Tokyo, $715 in Geneva and $704 in Zurich, the bank's annual Prices and Earnings report said on Friday.The two cheapest cities of the world are Mumbai and Delhi, where the same baskets of foods cost $186 and $208 respectively. The average global cost of the food basket is $424. The report also showed that Tokyo is among the three most expensive cities in general, for goods and services while Delhi and Mumbai are again the two cheapest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415326", "title": "12-year-old chokes on tablet, dies", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Class V student of Marwadi Hindi Vidyalaya, Sindhi Colony, choked on a deworming tablet and died due to asphyxiation on Saturday. The Ramgopalpet police said 12-year-old Kushbu Kumari and other students of the school were screened by Government Primary Health Centre (GPHC) staff as part of a regular health check-up.At around 11 am, Kushbu was administered the deworming tablet along with 130 other students. Minutes later, the student started throwing up and collapsed. The school authorities rushed her to an urban health post (UHP) immediately and later to Gandhi Hospital, where she succumbed.The girl's family hails from Jharkhand. Her parents - Mamtha and Bani Mandal - reside in Nallakunta. Mandal works at a shop at Chenoy Trade Centre (CTC). \"Deworming Day\" was observed by the state health department on Friday (September 14) when over one crore students from Class 1 to Intermediate were administered the chewable deworming tablet (400 mg Albendazole tablet, which is the size of a Crocin). Health officials said Kushbu had missed it on Friday as she was absent. However, for absentees, the health department left tablets in each school and when she turned up on Saturday, she was handed over the tablet. Soon after she had the pill, she suffered from cough reflex as food particles entered her trachea leading to choking.Sources said when Kushbu was rushed to the nearby health post in Chuttalabasti, the medical officer there referred her to UHP Paan Bazaar, which was also not well-equipped to handle the case. \"She had turned blue when she was taken to UHP Chuttalabasti. If the doctor was not able to handle the case, she should have directed the attendants to take her to a nearby well-equipped hospital or Gandhi Hospital directly. The delay also contributed to the death,\" a source at the District Medical and Health Office, Hyderabad, said.Hyderabad collector Syed Ali Murtuza Rizvi and health and family welfare commissioner Praveen Prakash visited Gandhi Hospital and consoled the girl's parents. Later, talking to the media, the collector said, \"A detailed probe will be conducted. An ex gratia of Rs 1.50 lakh and a house will be given to the bereaved family.\"When asked about the delay, the collector said, \"Because of inexperience, the doctor must have referred the case to the other UHP at that point. We have to investigate the incident. Revenue divisional officer of Secunderabad has been assigned the task.\"Police said they were waiting for medical reports before registering any criminal case. However, a case under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415770", "title": "Foreign youths try their hands at 'dhol-tasha'", "text": "PUNE: These youngsters are from different parts of the world but they feel at home playing in Pune's dhol-tasha groups. Armed with drumming skills they imbibed back home, these foreign students will participate in the traditional art of playing dhol-tasha this Ganapati festival. So enamored are they of Pune's rich culture, that some of them have even gone to the extent of learning Marathi and undertaking an exhaustive study of the dhol-tasha tradition.Sava Riaskoff, 21, of The Netherlands, loves the history and culture of India, and wishes to do his internship here not only because it is a growing economic power but also because it has stayed so close to its traditional roots. He has played drums back home, and fits equally well amidst a crowd of youngsters beating fervently at the 'dhol'. \"There is a small area close to my place where a dhol-tasha group practices. I would often hear the beats and ask people what it was. One person from my office then took me to watch the group practicing in Deccan Gymkhana area, and that is when I decided to be a part of it,\" he said.Sava will now play the 'dhol' in Sri Gajalaxmi Dhol Tasha group, and is very excited about it. \"There is so much of energy and enthusiasm involved in playing the dhol-tasha. It is a celebration that instills joy, apart from making one feel like a warrior, because of the gusto in the performance. It intimidates you and at the same time, it gives you immense energy,\" said Sava, who joined the group two weeks ago and currently interns with a city-based company.Ketan Deshpande, the founder of Sri Gajalaxmi Dhol Tashe group, said, \"Sava plays the dhol tasha very well. He has his percussion basics right, which makes him adept at beating the dhol. Though drumming and playing the 'dhol' are two different styles, Sava has done well with both.\" Deshpande added that Sava is currently learning Marathi and studied the history of the dhol tasha tradition and Ganapati festival before he began performing in the group.Marika Straw, who joined the Yuva Dhol Pathak about 20 days ago, is from Oregon in US. She has a music album to her credit, plays the piano and the pipe organ. Marika, who is undergoing a 'study abroad programme', currently stays in Pune with the Karwande's, her host family. \"My host sister and cousin have been playing in the Pathak, which caught my fancy. I once went to pick them up after their rehearsals and heard them play. I have always been interested in drumming but never really got to do it. Playing the dhol-tasha therefore clicked instantly,\" said Marika.Straw further said that she will be undertaking an exhaustive study of the 'pathak' culture. \"I wanted to immerse myself in something that I know nothing about, which will thus teach me an enormous amount about the Indian culture. Hence, my participation in the group,\" she said.On the experience of beating the 'dhol', Marika said, \"When I am in the group, I feel like the heart beat of the entire world. The experience is bigger than myself and is therefore beautiful,\" she said.Anish Padekar, president of the Yuva Dhol Pathak, said, \"Marika, a student of anthropology, is also learning Marathi -- one word a day. She is very curious about our culture, sings the national anthem with us and asks the meaning of Indian names every now and then.\"Eighteen-year-old Colby Boek from Minnesota, US, has come to Pune as part of a student exchange programme. He has finished his 12th year in high school and will stay with three city-based families for a period of four months each.He too was introduced to dhol-tasha by his host family. \"I have been playing the drums since six years, sometimes with the school band, sometimes with friends , joining different music ensembles in the process. My host mother knew of my involvement in this field and asked me if I would like to play the dhol-tasha in a group during the festival,\" said Colby.Colby then viewed several dhol-tasha groups perform on You Tube, got interested in the art and was later accommodated in a local dhol-tasha group called Sau Vimlabai Garware Prashala Dhol Pathak. He has now been playing since a month and cannot wait to perform during the festival.\"Playing the drum and dhol-tasha are two different musical genres. The sticks used in dhol tasha are different and as so is the grip. I thus had to get used to that. The dhol tasha is also played for prolonged periods of time and the duration of the performance during the festival will be even longer,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16417499", "title": "Painting the town, and country, green", "text": "For most working professionals, a sabbatical is a pleasant hiatus from the rigours of working life. Not so, however, for two young creative professionals from Mumbai who have opted for a break only to take on a gruelling challenge\u2014to traverse the length and breadth of India and plant trees in every state.The project, now christened 'Project 35 Trees' after the number of states and Union territories in the country, had a humble beginning three years ago when Ambernath resident Hari Chakyar decided to do something about the felled trees on his way to work. \"Ambernath had eight-hour power cuts at that time, and you could literally feel the heat,\" recalls the 26-year-old , who sensed that this had much to do with the depleting tree cover. Chakyar, a creative writer by profession and environmentalist by passion immediately garnered the support of friends and started planting saplings in the vicinity. \"Today, the trees are taller than me,\" he says, jovially adding that it makes him feel like a \"proud daddy\" .The Ambernath experience led to a larger experiment last October when Chakyar, along with photographer Anthony Karbhari, started going on weekends to Gujarat, Daman and Hyderabad to plant saplings there. \"It was then that we realized that we couldn't just plant trees and move out, but had to find someone locally to nurture them,\" says Chakyar . The duo zeroed in on families who promised to nurture the saplings planted and send updates over email.Interacting with experts, particularly at the Nature Club at Wilson College, gradually motivated Chakyar and Karbhari to step up their initiative. They launched the 35-state mission with a specific focus on schools and colleges in order to rope in students to build upon their work. However, this time they will go beyond planting trees\u2014besides recording their experiences for a documentary, Karbhari will shoot community initiatives as well. \"Since we plan to meet community workers and environmental experts in different states, I intend to document the best eco-friendly practices so that they can be replicated,\" he says.The duo has taken a conscious decision to not involve corporates or brands but to mobilize grass-roots efforts instead . So far, via Facebook and Twitter, they have reached out to family, friends and empathetic strangers who have offered to host them and even fund their travel. As of now, the two have pooled in their savings and garnered around Rs 1.5 lakh towards their Rs 4 lakh budget. With this in hand, they will flag off their activity from Daman and Silvassa and then move around the country before returning to Mumbai in January 2013.The country's depleting green cover highlights why such initiatives are the need of the hour. The State of Forest Report 2011 showed that the seven northeastern states lost 54,900 hectares of green between 2009 and 2011. Even developed states like Maharashtra have shed their forest cover by 400 hectares in the two-year period. Such initiatives then hold out hope of people-driven change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16416898", "title": "Teachers spread legal knowledge through radio", "text": "HUBLI: To spread legal awareness among people, city-based JSS Sakri Law College teachers have been conducting legal aid and literacy programme at villages in the district every year. Now, with a view to reach out to more people, they are utilizing the Akashwani platform. Through 'Kanoonu Salahe' programme on radio, teachers are giving legal advice to people, which helps them know the fundamental laws of the land and the sections of law which help them in day-to-day life. Around 8-10 college lecturers are participating in the programme. They first present an allegory to the audience and then explain the legal implications based on the characters and situations in the story. Following this, they will answer queries of the audience and through phone calls and mails. Issues like bail, warrant, RTI, consumer rights, marriage act, property rights and consumer rights are covered in the 15-minute programme which is being aired at 6.40am every Thursday. JSS Sakri Law College principal Veena Madhav Tonapi told STOI that college lecturers and alumni are also participating in the Kanoonu Salahe awareness programme. The main focus of the programme is to reach out to the society at large to develop legal awareness among masses, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16415922", "title": "70000 Jharkhand cops fast for demands", "text": "RANCHI: Over 70,000 policemen in the state observed a day-long hunger strike on Saturday but went about doing their duty on empty stomach. In fact, the striking policemen, under the banner of Jharkhand Police Association (JPA) and Jharkhand Police Men's Association (JPMA), worked harder than other days to show their sincerity and to ensure that no untoward incident takes place.A group of policemen also protested at the state police headquarters. The policemen reported for work early in the morning and were sent for patrolling. \"It is my duty and thus I have to work. Yes, it feels uncomfortable to do duty with empty stomach,\" said D N Singh, a policeman at Main Road.The policemen decided to protest after their demand for allowance for uniforms and less postings in difficult terrain met with no success during various meetings between them and senior police officers.The policemen have threatened to go on a five-day leave from September 19. No one would report at police stations or do security-related work during the period. It would include guards of chief minister Arjun Munda, governor Syed Ahmed, bodyguards of MPs and MLAs, railway police, CID, JAP, vigilance, STF.\"It is just to let our DGP know that we are on a hunger strike,\" said JPA vice-president Virendra Paswan asked about the dharna in front of police headquarters. Later in the evening, DGP G S Rath held a meeting with the representatives of the striking police personnel. \"The DGP said our demands are genuine and promised that they would be considered,\" said Sunil Kumar, JPA president.A meeting with home secretary J B Tubid was also held, Kumar said adding that the association was ready to move ahead with its planned agitations. Policemen are demanding 30% hike in basic salary for policemen deployed in difficult terrains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16416262", "title": "Nigerian found dead in bathtub", "text": "GURGAON: A 71-year-old Nigerian was found dead in the bathtub in a room in Galaxy Hotel, Sector 15, Part II, Gurgaon, on Friday evening. The victim was a patient of Parkinson's disease and was undergoing treatment in Medanta Medicity hospital. The incident took place when his wife and son had gone from the hotel for shopping and he was alone in the hotel room.Apparently the Nigerian, identified as Oluwale Alani Adusan, went up to the bathroom in his wheelchair and drowned in the bathtub water, said police. Police handed over the body to the kin after postmortem on Saturday. The postmortem report also showed it was a case of drowning.According to police, Oluwale Alani Adusan was suffering from Parkinson's disease for many years and was being treated in Medanta Medicity. On September 11 he had come to Gurgaon for treatment and was staying in Room 302 in Galaxy Hotel, located in Sector 15 Part II, with his wife Jaieny Marium and 33-year-old son Oluwale Alani Igok Adusan. The victim was still on wheelchair due to his disease and he also had a problem of amnesia.On Friday around 2pm the victim's wife and son had gone out for shopping and the victim was alone in room. Reconstructing what must have happened, police said he must have gone in his wheelchair to the bathroom, accidentally fallen into the bathtub that was filled with water and died in the bathtub.When the victim's wife and son returned to the hotel room they were shocked to find the man lying dead in the bathtub. They called the hotel room service and an ambulance took him to a private hospital, where doctors declared him as brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16416687", "title": "Garbage cleared from Chennai coastline", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 500 people on Sunday thronged Marina Beach to observe International Coastal Cleanup Day, which is celebrated on September 15 every year.Organised by the Coast Guard, the event saw the participation of people from various walks of life. School and college students, residents, welfare association members and daily walkers joined the programme to clear garbage along the city's coastline \u2014 from Marina Beach till Marakkanam in Villupuram district.The one-and-a-half hour programme was led by 1,500 Coast Guard personnel. The group managed to collect four tons of garbage from Marina and one ton from Elliot's Beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16417000", "title": "TTE wanted to kill daughter too", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Police on Saturday produced TTE Manoj Kumar Verma, who has admitted having killed his wife and 10-year-old son, before a local court which forwarded him to judicial custody.Rubi Verma (40) and her son Harsh were battered to death at their house at Railway Colony under the Jakkanpur police station area on Thursday afternoon. Rubi's husband Manoj Kumar Verma, a TTE in the Railways, was found unconscious in the same room and was admitted to a private hospital.City SP, Patna, Jayant Kant on Saturday said the deceased's father, S P Sinha, had lodged a named FIR against Manoj charging him with murdering his daughter and grandson.Jakkanpur police station SHO Basgit Ram said that Manoj told police that he had planned to eliminate his entire family and then commit suicide as he had taken huge amount from his friends as loan but was unable to re-pay them.The SHO quoted Manoj as saying the police that had his daughter been present at the house, he would have killed her too. After killing his wife and son, he consumed sleeping pills, Manoj reportedly told the police.Worker beaten to death: A worker, Shyam Choudhary (55), was beaten to death at Choti Pahari locality under the Agamkuan police station area late on Friday night.Agamkuan police station SHO Uttam Singh said Choudhary had a scuffle with his co-villager Arun Mahato, also a worker, near a rice mill at Choti Pahari at around 7.30pm. Mahato hit Choudhary with bricks and stones causing him serious injuries.Singh said that Choudhary was first admitted to NMCH where the attending doctors referred him to PMCH, but he succumbed to his injuries during treatment. He said both had quarrelled earlier too. A named FIR was lodged with the police against Mahato by Choudhary's family members and raids were on to arrest him, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16415970", "title": "Andhra tourist drowns off Anjuna", "text": "MAPUSA: A 26-year-old tourist from Andhra Pradesh died of drowning on Saturday while swimming off the Anjuna beach, said police. B Chinna was holidaying in Goa along with seven of his friends , all of whom headed to the beach on Saturday afternoon. Within minutes, four found themselves in deep waters and realized that they were unable to swim to safety. The three other friends, who were on the shore, noticed that Chinna was in trouble along with their other three. They immediately alerted life guards. While the three were brought to the shore safely, Chinna died before he could be pulled to the shore. He was shifted to the new district hospital for treatment but was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16416284", "title": "Elderly 'rapist' a Red rebel: Police", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The 62-year-old man arrested for allegedly raping tribal girls in Gajapati's Katma village was an active Maoist, police said on Saturday. The accused, Mukunda Parichha of Katma village, was arrested on Thursday for allegedly raping four girls of the same village in the last six months. He was produced in court on Saturday after a medical test, police said.The rape victims, aged between 13 and 25 years, have told police that Parichha used to take them and their parents to the nearby jungles on the pretext of some discussion. But he used to dodge their parents after going some distance and raped the girls.\"During verification of his past records, we came to know that he was involved in five Maoist-related incidents, including murder of two gram rachis at Katma village on May 12, 2010,\" said SP (Gajapati) C S Meena. He was also allegedly involved in the burning down of the forest beat house at Paniganda on July 10, 2009, road blockade by Maoists at Kutuniganda on September 11, 2008 and May 31, 2009, besides taking hostage the BDO and Tehsildar of Mohana for several hours on September 23, 2008. \"At least four NBWs were pending against him in connection with Maoist-related cases,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16417458", "title": "Politicians hijacked strike in districts", "text": "BANGALORE: Close to 1.30am Saturday after a five-hour haggling, when the agreement was inked between the KSRTC employees' unions and the management ending the two-day old bus strike, both had learnt their lessons.The common lesson was that the strike by KSRTC and BMTC -- initially driven by the unions -- had been hijacked by political parties in districts. The unions realized they had lost their grip over the employees, with the majority of them wanting to return to duty on the second day.\"With assembly elections a few months away, all parties in their respective districts tried to fish in troubled waters. This was capped by former CM BS Yeddyurappa visiting the Kempegowda bus station in Bangalore and assuring to solve their demands,'' sources said.According to sources, notwithstanding the unions' demands on the salary component and working conditions, the state government and the KSRTC management had decided to merge DA with the basic pay. Besides, a hike of Rs 1,000 for trainee employees was also on the cards. \"The unions were successful in only getting the transfers made after March 13, 2012 cancelled,'' sources said.This was also one of the first KSRTC bus strikes where the decades-old AITUC-controlled union was not calling the shots singularly. In the absence of a majority supported union, the KSRTC management was negotiating with eight such bodies.Why no single union?The revised norms in 1996 stipulated that any union which gets more than 33% of the employees support will have the bargaining power with the management. Until then, the norm was for 50% support, which the AITUC commanded. The scaling down in the percentage for support was challenged by the AITUC, but the Supreme Court in 2005 upheld the new norms.Also, the bifurcation of KSRTC into north-east and north-west and BMTC has also been challenged by the AITUC which is pending before the court. \"Since bifurcation is sub judice, no elections or referendrum can be held. The management has been holding dialogues with various unions for 16 years,'' sources said.Demands agreed* Merging DA with basic pay* Increase in pay of trainee employees by Rs 1,000* Regularising services of trainees immediately after two yearsWhat it means to KSRTC/BMTC* Rs 11 crore per month on salary hike* Rs 9 crore additional burden per month due to hike in diesel price", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16418692", "title": "Age of surgeon important in a surgery: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: If you are due to have an operation, it might be worth checking the age of your surgeon beforehand, say researchers who claim age influences acumen. Although inexperience is an obvious disadvantage, having been in the profession for decades is not desirable either, they say. Middle-aged surgeons in their 40s and late 30s are safest, they suggest.The small study, published at bmj.com, looked at operative complications across five hospitals in France. This revealed that patients undergoing one surgical procedure - thyroid gland removal - were more likely to have complications when operated on by inexperienced surgeons and those who had been in the job for more than 20 years.The analysis looked at more than 3,500 of these operations carried out by 28 surgeons. The researchers chose to look thyroidectomy because the procedure is, generally, carried out in the same way by all surgeons and has not changed substantially over the past few decades. The link they found between a surgeon's age and complication rates was irrespective of how complex the surgical case list was, which suggests it wasn't because the older, more experienced surgeons were seeing the \"harder-to-treat\" patients.But experts stress the studies findings are not conclusive and more investigations are needed to ensure surgeons stay on top form. The researchers from the University of Lyon said: \"Optimum individual performance in thyroid surgery cannot be passively achieved or maintained by accumulating experience. Factors contributing to poor performance in very experienced surgeons should be explored further.\" Prof Mike Larvin, of England's Royal College of Surgeons (RCS), said it was important for surgeons to keep honing their skills.\"Given the pace of change in medical innovation it is certain that a surgeon at the end of his career will be undertaking a nearly completely different range of operations than at the outset. \"This interesting study shows the importance of lifelong learning for surgeons - something the RCS supports by directly running courses for trainees and consultants and quality assuring courses run by others. We have also set out requirements for continuing professional development for medical revalidation, a system of regular five-year check-ups on doctor competence, which starts at the end of this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16417039", "title": "Island row: Anti-Japan protests spread in China, turn violent", "text": "BEIJING: Protests against Japan for its control over the disputed Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea spread across over a dozen cities and turned violent with protestors hurling stones at the Japanese embassy on Saturday.Riot police armed with shields and batons battled to keep the protestors at bay and protect the embassy.A chopper hovering over Beijing reminded the demonstrators not stay within the limits, while the roads leading to the embassy were cordoned off.The incident reflected the rising public sentiment over the issue as public demonstrations of such large-scale are rare in the Chinese capital. Embassy areas, where foreign missions are located, are actively-patrolled by armed police. Demonstrators shouted slogans asking Japan to vacate the islands, while some of them draped Japanese restaurants with Chinese flags.Several Chinese cities have also seen public demonstrations and a few incidents of violence against Japanese citizens. A worried Chinese foreign ministry said that personal safety of the Japanese citizens living in China will be protected.Volunteer groups across China have launched a campaign for boycotting Japan-made goods with Japanese cars being the main target of their canvassing. China's State Oceanic Administration released a string of geographic coordinates of the Diaoyu Islands and some of its affiliated islets, in a move that suggested Beijing's determination to take away the islands from Japan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16417081", "title": "US moves key resolution on hate crimes against Sikhs", "text": "WASHINGTON: Cutting across party lines, a group of over 80 lawmakers has introduced a key resolution in the US House of Representatives, lauding contributions of the Sikh-American community and seeking for the first time documentation of hate crimes against them.The resolution introduced by top congressmen on Friday condemned a slew of attacks against Sikhs and their religious institutions over the past year. It came hours after the House passed a resolution introduced by Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan condemning the Wisconsin gurdwara. The new resolution gives fresh support to a public call for the department of justice to begin collecting data on hate crimes committed against Sikhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16415524", "title": "Decoy operations an effective tool for government", "text": "JAIPUR: Decoy operations have become an effective tool for government officials. It was second sting operation, which was conducted in the city since March.However, the NGOs working to improve sex ratio in the state say that more decoy operations should be conducted as evidences collected could strengthen the cases of doctors in the state.On March 12, the health department's PCPNDT cell allegedly caught a doctor red handed at her Vaishali Nagar clinic in Jaipur for involvment in sex determination. It was a big success for the PCPNDT cell. Now, the district administration conducted another sting operation in the city on Tuesday and caught a doctor.Centre For Advocacy And Research (CFAR) state coordinator Rakhi Badhwan said: \"We have assisted the state government in eight sting operations so far in some way or the other. We advocate conducting sting operations as it is the only way through which evidences against the doctors and the people involved in sex selection can be collected and presented before the court.\"The state government should conduct the sting operation in a planned manner as the doctors involved in sex selection business have developed their own nexus.The NGOs claim that doctors involved in sex selection most often do not fill Form F and do not keep record of such cases of sex selection. So it becomes difficult to collect concrete evidences against them.Meanwhile, a recently found five-month-old fetus near National Highway 8 last week indicates that the state government has a long way to go to keep a check on declining sex ratio in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16416684", "title": "Corporation to keep an eye on water supply", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation and the food safety department have identified 15 places in Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram districts from where water is drawn from bore wells and open tanks by private tankers and supplied in the city. Soon, a joint squad of the revenue, health and police departments will inspect other water sources being exploited in these districts.Medavakkam, Padur, Nanmangalam, Keelkattalai and Kovilanchery in Kancheepuram and Poonamallee, Chenerkuppam, Veetalathottam, Alapakkam, Padianallur and Red Hills in Tiruvallur are among the places identified after two migrant workers died in Pallikaranai after drinking water supplied by a private tanker. About 107 private water tankers across the city were inspected since September 5 and it was found that the chlorine content in the water was very low.All is not well with Metrowater tanker lorries, too, with officials finding that chlorine content in the water in seven lorries was very low. A senior Metrowater official said: \"Some tankers operated in the city are on a contract basis and there is a chance of contamination due to the lack of cleanliness. We will initiate frequent raids to ensure water is fit for consumption.\"A senior corporation official said: \"Several private tanker firms supply water drawn from neighbouring districts and the chlorine content is low in water in most of the seized lorries. We have added chlorine to water in some of the lorries.\"Other officials said staff shortage was affecting the raids and that mushrooming private water tanker firms were compounding the problem. \"It's difficult to conduct raids every day. So we decided to trace the sources of these firms in the two neighbouring districts\" said an official. He said the collected samples would be sent to analysts in the public health department. \"If there is any problem, action will be initiated against these firms,\" he added.Sources said private water tankers supplied to hotels, apartment complexes, hospitals as well as to construction sites and that complaints were increasing that most of these tankers were drawing water from bore wells and open tanks without any purification. Drinking water samples should have a minimum chlorine level of 0.2 parts per million (ppm), but most of the water sourced from bore wells and open wells rarely met the standards, they said.On the other hand, many residents in the city said they didn't have an alternative. \"There is no regular supply by Metrowater. So we have to demand on private lorries for our daily needs,\" said a resident in Ambattur. The colour and smell of water supplied by private tankers were different but they had no option, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16415796", "title": "IT conference concludes", "text": "INDORE: \"Cloud computing allows enterprises to get their applications run faster, with improved manageability and less maintenance, and enables IT companies to rapidly adjust resources to meet fluctuating and unpredictable business demand,'' said Shailesh Jain from Accenture Hyderabad via video conferencing. The occasion was the national IT conference held at Prestige Institute of Management and Research.Abhishek, associate consultant, Capgemini, Pune shared his views on mobile applications in day-to-day life .Gaurav Dewangan, founder and MD, Shri Sai Ram Ventures Private Ltd talked on the recent trends of IT use in the share market industry and future development of the use of softwares in Sensex reading.Prof Azhar Kazmi of King Fahd University, Saudi Arabia put light on the implementing marketing strategy with green IT enabled services.The technical and the concurrent sessions were chaired by Sanjeev Gupt and former vice-chancellor, DAVV, Dr Rajkamal.tnnon advance IT tools and recent trends. Director, PIMR Dr Yogeshwari Phatak, director (UG) Dr RK Sharma, faculties, research scholars and students were present during the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16416564", "title": "Miscreants attack college principal in Faizabad", "text": "LUCKNOW: Principal of Saket Post Graduate College in Faizabad, VN Arora was attacked by some youngsters at his residence on the intervening night of Friday and Saturday. The armed youths entered the principal's residence forcefully and threatened Arora of dire consciences. After the attack ,Arora submitted his resignation to the management committee.The management committee president Yatindra Mohan Pratap Mishra said Arora's resignation has not been accepted. \"We are with him and will not allow any lawlessness in our college and take all necessary steps to remove goondaism in name of student politics,\" he said. Faizabad SSP Ramji Ram Yadav said a case has been lodged in Faizabad Kotwali police station against unidentified youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16417168", "title": "Gutka addicts make beeline to quit", "text": "VADODARA: The gutka ban imposed recently is having a fallout of a different kind in the city. Those addicted to the tobacco product are now making a beeline for help to quit it.While a large majority of persons have either stocked gutka or switched over to other tobacco products to take care of their craving, there are several who seem to have decided to let go of the habit. Psychiatrists and deaddiction centres see several persons come at their doorsteps seeking help to let go of the habit.Such has been the demand for help that a deaddiction centre is planning to hold free workshops that will eventually try to have a self-help group of those who have quit and are willing to do so. \"This will work much like Alcoholics Anonymous . We will create awareness and help the group that approaches us at the workshop. We are also starting a helpline for such persons,\" said Dr Yogesh Patel, who has taken up the initiative.Patel said the centre will also reach out to corporates and industries and hold similar events at their premises too if they feel the need. \"Against one or two cases a day, we are now getting around 10. Also there are a similar number of inquiries by spouses or family members of those who are addicted to it,\" Patel said.Another city-based psychiatrist Dr Ismael Pala said, \"A number of persons approach me everyday to quit gutka. It seems that the difficulty that they might face in obtaining the product has led to the situation,\" he said.But Pala pointed out that there were some other cases that he came across where people had stocked gutka in large quantity. \"These two persons had stocked cartons of gutka. They said that had stocks for months together,\" he added.Superintendent of Hospital for Mental Health Dr Rakesh Shah said those who were willing to quit may have felt more motivated to do so in the wake of the ban. \"Those who consume gutka in large quantity may face temporary problems like feeling agitated and may need some help. Those who eat it in smaller quantity can quit very easily,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16415911", "title": "Family seeks protection to Ponda satisheela stone", "text": "PONDA: Stating that a builder is trying to develop land on which a centuries old satisheela stone or Divjancho fator stands, 'Bhandari' family from Rainginee-Bandora, Ponda, has stated that their community is set to protect the monument.The satisheela stone is a memorial to the women who performed sati centuries ago.The committee members of Shree Bhandari Kulpurush Devasthan, Bandora, have clarified that they would move the Supreme Court to protect the holy place.\"In order to maintain its historical importance and holiness, we want the archaeology department to declare it as a protected monument by acquiring the place,\" Prabhakar Bhandari, chairman of Shree Bhandari Kulpurush Devasthan said.Addressing mediapersons at the site, Bhandari revealed that the holy place has been worshipped by persons who suffix their surname by the word Bhandari since last several generations. The tradition of worshipping the place began during the pre-Portuguese period and now it should be protected for the next generation through the archaeology department, he said.Bhandari also said, that the North Goa member of Parliament Shripad Naik supports them and the committee had also sought intervention of chief minister Manohar Parrikar .\"We approached the state government, sought intervention of the CM and urged the government to acquire the land in the interests of the Bhandari community. We also sought recognition from the department of archives to protect the place which has historical importance,\" Bhandari said.He said that the committee will give six months to the government to act before they resort to the next course of action. If the state government fails to protect the land, the community would join hands with other Hindu organizations and come on the streets besides going on an indefinite hunger strike till their demands are met, the Bhandari temple chairman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16419807", "title": "FKCCI meeting to resolve stone crushing industry problem.", "text": "MANGALORE: The Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industry, Bangalore will organize an interactive meeting on problems faced by stone crushing industries in the state at its office in Bangalore on Monday.According to FKCCI, since the closure of all stone crushing units in the State following a Supreme Court order, the stone crusher owners and workers associated in this business were waiting for the State Government to come up with a solution, but nothing has materialized till date.The closure of stone crushing industries is also adversely affecting the construction industry as well as cement and steel industries, which are facing crucial raw material shortages, the federation stated.The meeting would be attended by the members from FKCCI, Karnataka State Stone Crushers and Quarry Owner's Association, Stone Crushing Industry Owners, District Chambers and members of the Industry Committee of FKCCI.The meeting intends to provide a platform to the Stone Crusher Owners to put forth their inputs to structure the probable solutions, which could then be represented to the concerned authorities for their immediate action to resolve this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415877", "title": "ABVP rowdies, police crackdown mar DUSU poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University Students' Union elections ended on an ugly note on Saturday as vandalism by supporters of the losing party led to a police lathi-charge in North Campus and even the Central Library.As soon as the DUSU chief election officer announced the victory of National Students' Union of India (NSUI), activists and supporters of rival Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) turned violent. In the lathicharge that followed, 10 of them, including three candidates, were hurt while more than a dozen were detained. University security staffers, including the chief security officer and deputy proctor of DU, were also injured.ABVP has alleged the elections were rigged and demanded an inquiry. It has also called for an indefinite DU bandh from Monday.Trouble started as around 15 ABVP members climbed over the gate of the election office and broke barricades and chairs. Chased out by police in a mild lathicharge, they attacked the DUSU office and the Arts Faculty. Later, they vandalized eight DTC low-floor buses but then had to seek cover in the Central Library as police caught up.Many termed the police action inside the library excessive. \"The cops beat us up ruthlessly. They hit me on my leg and shoulder,\" said Raju Rao, an ABVP supporter. Even students who had been reading peacefully were not spared. Rouf Ahmad, who was trapped in this crackdown, said: \"My friends and I were reading when we heard a ruckus in the library and saw dozens of students chased inside by police. We were not only caught in the clash but also beaten up by police\".\"They beat us up although we were not involved in the vandalism. They manhandled me initially, but let me off realizing they had hit a woman,\" said Sandhya Shakhya, an MA student.The atmosphere was tense even before the results were declared. NSUI and ABVP supporters kept up a shouting match. When the results were announced, NSUI supporters lifted up their candidates for a victory march to the statue of Swami Vivekananda in Arts Faculty. However, riotous ABVP supporters forced their way into the counting centre. The ones left outside broke DUSU office boards, signage and flower pots.A press statement released by Sindhu Pillai, deputy commissioner of police, north, stated: \"A complaint was received from university authorities that some students had climbed over the gate at the entry to the counting centre and were trying to enter the building with the alleged objective of seizing the EVMs. Police deployed at the venue moved to the spot and restrained the students\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16417165", "title": "Stem Cell Research Institute in Surat by 2013 end: Vyas", "text": "VADODARA: Diamond city - Surat - will house a Stem Cell Research Institute by end of 2013. State health minister Jay Narayan Vyas said this on Saturday.Vyas was in the city to attend the inaugural function of the two-day Regional Science Congress that kicked off at M S University's professor C C Mehta auditorium.The Regional Science Congress that is being held as part of the centenary celebrations of the Indian Science Congress and the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III has been organized on the theme of 'Science for shaping the future of India'.\"Construction of the Stem Cell Research Institute will begin soon. This state-of-the-art facility which will be set up at the cost of Rs 100 crore and will be a major leap in the medical field as stem cell treatment can help patients suffering from heart ailments, kidney related ailments, blood cancer, thalassaemia etc. Tenders for the same have already been issued,\" Vyas said.\"Although modeled around Centre for Stem Cell Research at Vellore, Tamil Nadu , the new institute in Surat will have more ultra modern facilities. The project is being financed by the health department,\" he said.Countering allegations made by Congress that the state government is spending only Rs 270 per person on the health sector, Vyas stressed that per human expenditure on health in Gujarat is Rs 1,000 per person.\"They (Congress) can simply calculate that we spend Rs 6,000 crore (including Rs 3,100 crore through state budget, non-plan expenditure and grant from National Rural Health Mission) on 6 crore Gujaratis,\" he said.\"For better and effective distribution and availability of life-saving drugs across Gujarat, we have also launched Gujarat Medical Services Corporation (GMSC) that will ensure that patients across the state get better quality medicines timely. GMSC will strengthen the cold chain management and better distribution through depots,\" he said.On Sunday, Children Science Congress where students from schools, both from the city and outside, will showcase their novel ideas will be held as part of the Regional Science Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16415835", "title": "CM's brother still awaits stolen scooter", "text": "MAPUSA: Police are still not able to trace the stolen scooter of chief minister Manohar Parrikar's brother, Suresh Parrikar.The scooter was stolen 15 days ago on August 30 from his Parra residence.At least, four scooters have been stolen in the Mapusa - I police jurisdiction (Anjuna, Pernem and Mapusa police stations) over the said period.Sources said that Suresh Parrikar had gone to his ancestral home in Parra on August 28. He parked the scooter in front of his house in an open place and went inside the house at about 9.30pm.After half-an-hour, Parrikar was shocked to notice that his scooter was missing.He later approached the Mapusa police station with his complaint.Police has registered a case under Section 379 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the search was on for the scooter. \"We are still in search of the scooter, so far there are no clues about the scooter,\" a police officer said.Police sources said that after the incident, police has held one accused who is a history-sheeter and has recovered a scooter from him, but Parrikar's scooter is still at large.Parrikar's family is originally from the village of Parra in Bardez taluka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16416838", "title": "Immigration firm booked for 1crore fraud", "text": "LUDHIANA: A New Delhi-based immigration firm, which has its office on Mall Road in the city, was booked on the complaint of Protector of Emigrants, Chandigarh office, for a fraud amounting to Rs 1.23 crore. Headquartered at Pitampura in New Delhi, USA Enterprises is accused of duping people across the state and a case was registered after an inquiry by in charge of anti-human trafficking cell Shamsher Singh. Singh received a complaint from the government office and discovered the firm had duped over 100 people in Punjab. Police booked Hoshiarpur resident Naresh Kumar, who owns the firm, marketing manager Sulekha and managers Babita and Tanya.Singh said Tanya used to look after their Ludhiana office. He added the firm did not have a license and was illegally carrying on its operations on a Mumbai-based immigration firm's name. During the raid in Ludhiana, police recovered receipts of Rs 25,000 to Rs 50,000, making them state that the total fraud amounts to over Rs 1 crore, said SI Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16415552", "title": "Sanitation workers protest private players in scavenging Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Thousands of sanitation workers created a ruckus during the inauguration of the door-to-door (DTD) garbage collection scheme when they clashed with private employees who were also into the collection of door-to-door garbage in the city on Saturday. At least six people got minor injuries in stone pelting and jostling at the inaugural function.Nearly 3,800 sanitations workers, who are contractual employees, were already against the Jaipur Municipal Corporation's scheme on DTD garbage collection. Noisy scenes were witnessed in the inaugural function organised near Govind Dev temple on Saturday morning when thousands of them registered their protest.The confrontation started with slogan shouting against UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal and mayorJyoti Khandelwal. It went up to a level where sanitation workers even pelted stones and thrashed the employees of a private company involved in the garbage collection. Many councilors who were at the function also faced the ire of the agitating employees and were seen running away literally from the function. The agitating sanitation workers did not even hesitate to damage the vehicles used in sanitation work especially those carrying garbage.Roshan Lal Saini, chairman of sanitation committee, JMC said, \"The workers did not get their last two months' salary and in this scenario the government has brought in the private company for the door-to-door garbage collection, which was protested by the workers. Even, I have urged the Jaipur mayor and UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal to ensure the rights and interests of nearly 5,000 permanent and 3,800 on contract workers while bringing a private company for the DTD garbage collection.\"The agitating workers even jostled with a few councilors including Mamta Sharma, Meena Yadav, Umar Daraaz and Sunita Mahawar.Suresh Kalyani, president, Rajasthan Mehtar Mazdoor Sangh, said, \"It was a protest not only against the DTD garbage scheme but also against the system. We have been working for the cleanliness of the city for many years and the government introducing private players won't be accepted.\"It may be recalled that the state government on July 4 had announced a door-to-door garbage collection policy for eight major cities, including Jaipur and Jodhpur. It was stated that private companies will be roped in for door-to-door garbage collection, cleaning of roads and sewerage lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16415881", "title": "Parrikar slaps 2% hike on VAT for diesel", "text": "PANAJI: While BJP activists in the state were busy protesting on Friday against the central government's decision to increase the diesel price, their own BJP government in Goa quietly increased the Value Added Tax (VAT) on diesel by 2%. The result: diesel in Goa is now approximately Rs 49.70 per litre, a combination of the Rs 5 hike introduced by the Centre, the Rs 1.37 hike courtesy the state's VAT increase and additional transport costs, said officials.The VAT hike, issued via a notification late Friday night, came hours after the state civil supplies minister announced a coupon system to provide an additional six LPG cylinders at subsidized rates in the state. The announcement was in keeping with the BJP government's budget statement not to increase LPG prices in Goa, and followed the Centre's partial roll back of subsidies on LPG cylinders.Goa's increased VAT on diesel is meant to increase the state's revenue collection for the current financial year, states the notification. \"The state government collects around Rs 300 crore from VAT on diesel. This increase will give an additional revenue of Rs 50 crore,\" said S G Korgaonkar, commissioner, commercial taxes. The total VAT on diesel collected by the state will now be 20% from the previous 18%.Goa Petrol Dealers Association president Paresh Joshi said the total increase on diesel in Goa is Rs 6.71 per litre.On an average, Goa consumes 9.80 lakh litres of diesel per day which includes 3.40 lakh liters at pumps and 6.40 lakh litres by consumables (private pumps). The sale in consumables is expected to go down as mining companies have been asked to stop their operations in view of the Shah commission report on illegal mining.BJP state Yuva Morcha president and Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant, defending the BJP government's decision to hike VAT on diesel, said, \"Government decision is to generate revenue for the state. As compared to other states Goa's VAT on diesel is still less.\"Accusing chief minister Manohar Parrikar of double standards, the Congress demanded that Parrikar should immediately roll back the VAT on diesel. \"We demand that the government should further bring down VAT on diesel from 20% to 10% to give more relief to the general public which is already affected by inflation ,\" said Congress spokesperson Sankalp Amonkar. He said BJP's activists should once again take to the streets, this time to protest their own government's hike of the VAT on diesel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16414994", "title": "Govt knocks lights out of malls, hotels", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's batti bandh for glittering malls and hotels across Andhra Pradesh. A fresh notification served to big commercial establishments across the state has asked for the throbbing business hours of between 6pm and 10pm to now go on with fewer lights and lighter cooling.The AP Electricity Regulatory Commission (APERC) on Friday brought out an order which states that high-tension subscribers (those drawing over 70kVA) can now draw only 10% of their allotted power during peak evening hours. And in case they exceed that cap, a heavy penalty would be levied on these establishments, which is to be two-to-five times the normal tariff. They can draw 60% of the allotted power during non-peak hours, which is from midnight to 6pm.The commission has stated that it is to avoid grid failures, like the one that hit north India in July this year, that these restrictions were being put in place. The new restrictions are in place with effect from September 12 and will be applicable till March 31, 2013.So what do these restrictions mean? Commercial complexes such as malls, shopping centres and hotels seek a certain power allotment from discoms at the time of setting shop, paying a deposit for the same.Now, given the restrictions, a mall with say 800kVA as its allotted power will be able to use just about 80kVA during peak evening hours. Mall-owners say that they get 40% of their footfall in the 6pm-to-10pm slot which means that they are thus left with limited options \u2014 either go for a generator back-up or adopt austerity measures like turning off the escalator and elevators or simply switch off their air conditioning.A generator consumes 20-30 litres of diesel each hour it is made to run. Factor in the three-hour daily power cuts and four hours of restricted supply and the expenditure on diesel alone can be pegged at between Rs 2 to Rs 4 lakh a month.While some commercial complexes are already turning off the lighting in their facades and dimming out their parking lots, mid-sized hotels are switching off lights in their lobbies and intermittently going off the air conditioning. But still they say that they cannot bring down consumption to 10%. In view of the hike in the price of diesel, owners of these commercial complexes are now staring at a monthly expenditure of between Rs 50 lakh and Rs 1 crore on managing power, which would include their electricity bill and money spent on diesel. Take for instance a big mall like GVK One, which runs up a monthly electricity bill of Rs 60 lakh. It has two generators to ensure uninterrupted power supply to its shops and the multiplex which it houses. \"Once these restrictions are in place, it would be an expensive proposition. We will be spending double of what we pay the discom on our generators. I have to run everything,\" says P Raghuram, head, GVK One.For mid-sized enterprises, the going is all set become even tougher. \"I have a hotel with 32 rooms, a banquet hall and a restaurant. Our maximum load is 305kVA. How am I supposed to run all my facilities with 10% of that allocation, that too in the evenings when business is maximum,\" said Manish Agarwal, owner of Platinum Hotel, Himayat Nagar. \"We have cut down drastically. Our lobby is already dingy and I have shut down one lift. Such restrictions are not only impacting industry but also tourism,\" said Rohan Lepps, owner of Purple Leaf hotel, Secunderabad. He added that it was unfair to hotels like his that had taken a conservative load from the department (100kVA) to be asked to make do with 60% or worse, 10%, of that provision.The APERC order cites a CPDCL representation on behalf of all four discoms which states that there is a daily shortage of 74 million units in power supply. Therein it is further noted that the daily demand-supply gap would hover between 21 and 79 million units over the next 10 months (that is, up to May, 2013).Mall managers find the restrictions impossible to follow. \"Our air conditioning alone accounts for 33% of our total load. The rest is lighting, lift and escalators. While we have reduced lighting by 40% and are using one air conditioner instead of two, we would still be using 40% to 50% of the total power allotted to us,\" said Amaranth Singh, mall manager of Landmark group-owned Oasis, Somajiguda.Hoteliers and some mall-owners said that they would be moving court against the order, but APERC officials said it was a well-thought out decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16417374", "title": "Amarinder welcomes Manpreet call, to convene Opposition meeting", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee president Capt Amarinder Singh has welcomed the proposal of Sanjha Morcha chairman Manpreet Badal, urging him to call an all-party meeting of opposition parties in Punjab, to chalk out the course of action to oppose the anti-people policies of Punjab government.Amarinder said he was glad to learn that Manpreet Badal had proposed that he should convene a meeting of all opposition parties in the state. The PPCC president said that after the Sanjha Morcha stages its dharna against the government on September 21, he will call all opposition leaders and fix a date mutually convenient to everyone. \"Opposition unity is the need of the hour since the Akali-BJP government had come out with punitive taxation ,\" he said.Manpreet Badal, heading People's Party of Punjab, had on Friday came out in support of Amarinder Singh and said that the former CM was not allowed to hold a public meeting at a marriage palace in Majitha, owing to the reign of terror unleashed by the ruling SAD-BJP alliance on the Opposition. \"We need to protest against not only oppressive and punitive taxation, but also against infringement of civil liberties,\" Manpreet had said.The Morcha, which submitted a memo to governor Shivraj Patil against the imposition of new taxes in the state, in a meeting held later in the day had decided to call upon Amarinder and hold a meeting of all opposition parties to create consensus on broader issues confronting the state.However, criticizing the move, Shiromani Akali Dal treasurer and joint secretary N K Sharma said that these public postures of Amarinder Singh and Manpreet Singh Badal cannot restore the lost dignity of the two leaders, as people of Punjab have already proved that zero plus zero would remain zero.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16417235", "title": "London to Sydney in 2 hours\u2026.is it possible?", "text": "Last month, more than 70 years since the dream of sustained hypersonic flight was first born out of Nazi designs for a manned bomber with a global reach, the US Air Force's latest experimental hypersonic aircraft was lost during an attempt to maintain Mach 6 for merely five minutes. Hypersonic (high supersonic) speeds are those greater than Mach 5, or 3,500mph.Despite the crash of the unmanned X-51 A Waverider last month, scientists from across the world are in a series of experimental test flights racing to be the first to develop a propulsion system that will crack the secrets of sustained hypersonic flight. This is about more than flying from London to Sydney in four hours, as the headline writers would have it. This is about space.\"So hypersonic travel may be the dream, but aircraft-like space access is the prize,\" Ben Gallagher says. Gallagher is business development manager for Reaction Engines Ltd, whose revolutionary and privately financed Sabre and Skylon spaceplane are Britain's champions in the hypersonic race. \"And we are not talking Concorde frequency and cost, we are talking Ryanair. That's why it is now attracting more resources ,\" Gallagher says.The challenge that today's engineers face is to develop a propulsion system and then an airframe that can sustain these very fast speeds for the much longer period of time necessary to fly into space or cruise to Sydney. The key to flying at hypersonic speeds for any length of time is the ability of an engine to manage the exponential jumps in temperature for small increases in speed beyond Mach 5.Traditionally, engineers have looked to the air-breathing scramjet as the propulsion system to deliver such sustained hypersonic flight, as it can fly as fast as Mach 10 (London to Sydney in two hours). However, a major disadvantage of scramjets is that they can start to operate only at Mach 4 or 5, so any scramjet space-plane would need one, two or even three other propulsion systems to get them up to near Mach 4.In contrast, the reusable Sabre engine can function as both a jet and a rocket engine. In its jet mode it can reach a speed of around Mach 5, sucking in oxygen from the atmosphere and using very lightweight pre-cooler heat exchangers to cool the air before it enters the engine, thus avoiding the problem of overheating . The same engine then switches into rocket mode when it enters space.\"Twenty years ago we were real voices in the wilderness and now we are being taken seriously,\" says Richard Varvill, chief designer of Reaction Engines, whose revolutionary hypersonic engines are now being taken seriously .-- The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419333", "title": "Nakeeran Gopal withdraws complaint", "text": "Veerappan's wife Muthulakshmi may not have turned up for yet another special screening of director AMR Ramesh's Vana Yuddham, but Nakeeran Gopal \u2014 who had also issued a stay order against the film \u2014 did attend the show and even praised the director's effort.\"A lot has been captured in two and a half hours. The director has done a good job,\" he said, after watching the Kannada version of the movie.The Tamil version too has been cleared by the Censor Board and a few portions, including the Rajkumar abduction episode, has been cut from the movie.\"The Tamil version is only two hours and five minutes long,\" says Ramesh, adding, \"Gopal liked the film and withdrew the complaint against it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16414983", "title": "Birth centenary of Chavan, Naik on October 6", "text": "AMRAVATI: A grand programme will be organized at Amravati on October 6 to mark the birth centenary of Yashvantrao Chavan and Vasantrao Naik as well as golden jubilee of Maharashtra Assembly. The administration has already geared up for the events. Many dignitaries including chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar will grace the programme. Principal Secretary (assembly) Anant Kalse on Saturday conducted meetings of officials of various departments to chalking out the plan for the programmes.Chavan will inaugurate the programme organized at Sant Dnyaneshwar Sanskritik Bhawan while deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar will preside over it. Various programmes including symposium will be organized during the two days. Photo exhibition of rare pictures of Yashvantrao Chavan and Vasantrao Naik will be a key attraction. Amravati is the first division where this programme has been organized. Subsequently, similar programmes will organized in other divisions of the state. Dozen of state and cabinet ministers, leaders of opposition, speaker of assembly, chairperson of assembly council and senior government officials will be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16416844", "title": "Stop it, please, Mr Policeman", "text": "On August 30 this year, 19-year-old Shivali was travelling in her friend's car when it hit another vehicle in Jalandhar. It was a minor incident, but unfortunately for Shivali, it brought traffic inspector Balwinder Kaur to the spot, along with some photographers. At the inspector's behest, reportedly, Shivali's photos were clicked simply because she had been in the car with a male friend.Afraid of bringing dishonour to her family , Shivali threatened suicide if she was photographed but nobody took her seriously. Within a couple of hours, she killed herself. Her death caused public outrage and anger. Retired IPS officer and former IG, Tripura, K S Subramanian says, \"I had to switch off the television when that news broke as it was painful to watch.\"An investigation uncovered a policemedia scam in which young \"suspect couples\" were targeted, photographed and blackmailed for money. But this case is not a one-off . Police harassment also drove two teenage sisters, Deepanjali and Pushpanjali , to kill themselves two years ago in Chhatarpur, MP. Their nightmare began after two constables saw one of them in a park with her boyfriend. The constables reportedly molested her, made an objectionable MMS, threatened the sisters and demanded money. The only recourse for the girls seemed to be death.These stories are replicated everyday, everywhere \u2014 Thane, Gurgaon, Rohtak, Kolkata, Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, Mumbai, Vadodara, Panaji , Kanpur.... Young people \u2014 alone, in pairs or groups \u2014 are a favourite target of cops looking to make a quick buck. The reasons for being stopped by a police picket or a patrol van could be as ridiculous as someone having a late night walk or enjoying an ice-cream outside. Says Subramanian, \"The system brutalises the police in India. They receive no training on gender sensitivity. If they are asked to take action, they just go down on people like a ton of bricks.\"True, there are few complaints filed by the victims, but for the simple reason that they don't want further harassment. That's why the police can easily claim that no such incidents are taking place. For instance, Bangalore's additional DGP (crime and technical services) AM Prasad says 'there are no cases filed anywhere in Karnataka of couples being harassed by police' . That may be true but he certainly needs look up the website, ipaidabribe.com, that has many angry and distressed stories of 'highway robbers' or 'police beggars' from across the country (including Bangalore).The young complainants are too traumatised to reveal their names, with good reason. A class XII boy in Kolkata was talking to a female classmate at a bus-stop when a cop materialised and asked them to follow him to the police station. When asked why, the boy was told he faced a charge of eveteasing . \"I said to him to ask the girl if I was teasing her. But he didn't listen and started pulling my hair in front of so many people,\" the boy says on the website. He was locked in jail for three hours even though his female friend paid the cop Rs 1000. Subramanian says, \"We still enforce colonial laws of the 19th century, even though the British never intended them for the public good. The police are afraid that if they talk about human rights, they will lose their power.\"A Bangalore boy recalls a beat constable touching the leg of a female friend, while threatening to call her parents for sitting outside in a car. He took Rs 600. Others stories speak of youths being threatened with charges of drug possession, drunken driving, indecent behaviour, soliciting guys and even murder, all because they were talking to a female/male friend or relative. In Ranchi, as Valentine's Day approaches each year, some cops offer young lovers a Hobson's choice \u2014 pay up now or face the saffron brigade's fury.Subramanian remembers that in 1965, when he and his wife had gone to India Gate as newly-weds, \"a cop came over to ask what we were doing. When I revealed that I was an IPS officer, he ran away.\" He feels it's a question of sensitivity. \"Hierarchy is strong within the police and seniors' orders are taken as gospel truth. The lower ranks are treated badly. They in turn behave brutally with people.\"Thankfully, the media is not always a party to crime. Three cops were suspended in May after a paper published photos of them extorting money from couples on Chennai's Marina Beach. But it's frustrating to know that Balwinder Kaur has neither been suspended nor arrested yet on charges of abetting Shivali's suicide.(Inputs from I P Singh in Jalandhar; Nitasha Natu in Mumbai; Madhusoodan MK in Bangalore; Jaideep Deogharia in Ranchi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415470", "title": "Spearhead shocks many to claim Idar Gold Trophy", "text": "PUNE: Spearhead, available at 20/1, won in a start to finish attempt to shock many and claim the Idar Gold Trophy (Grade 3), the feature event of the Saturday's Pune Races.Results with Mumbai/ Pune dividends1. Capitulate Plate (1200m): Warrior Prince 1, Star Blessings 2, Twittillator 3, Tudor Regent 4. 2-1/2, 1-1/4, hd. T:1:13.06. Tote: Rs 16 for win; 12, 17, 21 for places; Shp: 33; Fc: 45; Q: 39; Tanala: 158 and 87.2. So Perfect Plate (1400m): Walk Of Life 1, Adventurer 2, Daughterofdestiny 3, Sizzling Love 4. 1/2, 1-1/4, 1-1/2. T:1:30.48. Tote: Rs 20 for win; 13, 18, 16 for places; Shp: 49; Fc: 97; Q: 62; Tanala: 215 and 87.3. Consequence Plate (1400m): Home Alone 1, Silk Cut 2, Salt 3, Daffodils 4. 1, 2-1/2, 1. T:1:27.52. Tote: Rs 46 for win; 17, 15 for places; Shp: 30; Fc: 154; Q: 43; Tanala: 161 and 79.4. Personified Plate (1600m): Sumo 1, Saba 2, Living The Dream 3, Beyond Stars 4. 2, 1-1/4, 1-1/4. T:1:41.06. Tote: Rs 18 for win; 12, 22 for places; Shp: 37; Fc: 53; Q: 42; Tanala: 314 and 141.5. Radical Force Trophy-Div-II (1200m): Sacred Soul 1, Smooth Operator 2, Zaracha 3, Apocalypse 4. 1-1/4, 2, 1/2. T:1:11.76. Tote: Rs 487 for win; 67, 13, 12 for places; Shp: 37; Fc: 4086; Q: 1638; Tanala: c/f and 2926.6. Premier Collection Plate (2000m): Belmont 1, Rodeo 2, Star Mountain 3, Word Of Honour 4. 3/4, shd, 2- 1/2. T:2:07.72. Tote: Rs 45 for win; 18, 25, 13 for places; Shp: 60; Fc: 255; Q: 58; Tanala: 410 and 179.7. Cape Knight Plate-Div-II (1000m): Let It Fly 1, Prince 2, Itsmyway 3, Herzeliyah 4. 1-1/2, 3/4, 1- 1/2. T:1:01.28. Tote: Rs 133 for win; 21, 12, 22 for places; Shp: 41; Fc: 432; Q: 163; Tanala: 1745 and 2430.8. Idar Gold Trophy, Grade 3 (2400m): Spearhead 1, Native Knight 2, Ocean And Beyond 3, Hills And Stars 4. 2-1/2, shd, 1-1/4. T:2:35.49. Tote: Rs 116 for win; 37, 24 for places; Shp: 37; Fc: 930; Q: 34; Tanala: 715 and 219.9. Radical Force Trophy-Div-I (1200m): Golden Memory 1, Gloria 2, Roger Bcool 3, Marine Zone 4. 3/4, nk, nk. T:1:12.28. Tote: Rs 96 for win; 28, 16, 14 for places; Shp: 37; Fc: 524; Q: 158; Tanala: 946 and 497.10. Cape Knight Plate-Div-I (1000m): Seen It All 1, Towering High 2, Highway Express 3, Wild Imagination 4. 1/2, 1, 1-1/4. T:1:01.50. Tote: Rs 32 for win; 12, 19, 28 for places; Shp: 52; Fc: 119; Q: 79; Tanala: 639 and 226. 1st Jackpot: 70% Rs 169656 (1) &amp; 30% 24237 (3); 2nd Jackpot: 70% &amp; 30% c/f; Super Jackpot: 70% &amp; 30% c/f; 1st Treble: 4251 (3); 2nd Treble: c/f; 3rd Treble: 9872 (4).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16415381", "title": "BCCI abolishes rotational policy for presidency", "text": "CHENNAI: The BCCI may call it unanimous, but there are officials in the board who are not happy with the new amendments that came into place on Saturday at the Special General Meeting.The constitution was amended with BCCI abolishing the zonal rotational policy for the president, which the current boss N Srinivasan termed as a \"minor change\".According to the amendment, the zone, whose turn it is to nominate a president, can pick a candidate from any other zone too. \"Two members of the zone will nominate a president now. Earlier, the nominated member had to be a member of an association of that particular zone but now that's being done away with,\" Srinivasan told reporters.It is East Zone's turn now to nominate the president. Two members from this zone can pick a candidate from any other zone. Even though Srinivasan didn't mention it, sources said the decision has been taken to bring in Arun Jaitley , the Delhi and District Cricket Association president, as the new BCCI boss.The board also decided that a president can seek re-election for a second term of three years, subject to re-election. Srinivasan also informed that they are doing away with the concept of 'president-elect' and that the new boss will be selected only at the end a three-year term.The immediate effect of this decision will be felt by East Zone and some associations are not too happy with the role that played by Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) president Jagmohan Dalmiya in the issue. \"He refused to listen to us... Does this mean we don't have suitable candidates for the president's post?\" a member of an East Zone unit told the TOI coming out of the working committee meeting.The CAB maintained that the decision was taken after discussions with the other associations. The feeling among some of the key members in BCCI was that \"there was no option but to do away with the zonal rotational policy\".\"We have to ensure that we have the best men representing us in the ICC meetings. It's quite clear that there are not too many people in the board now who can take the responsibilities of the president,\" a senior member said.The influential members felt there was no point in delaying Jaitley's election to the post of president. An eminent lawyer and the leader of the opposition in the Rajya Sabha, Jaitley's legal opinions have played an important role in BCCI's functioning.While the amendment may help Jaitley to continue for six years (2017-20 being North's turn), the likes of Dalmiya, Shashank Manohar and Srinivasan too, can come back for a second term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16416508", "title": "Mayawati rates CM's governance sub-zero", "text": "LUCKNOW: Accusing Samajwadi Party (SP) government of indulging in extortion in the name of conducting inquiry into alleged scams during the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) regime, party chief Mayawati on Saturday said work done by the state government in its first six months is worth \"not even a zero\". In fact, she said, she would give negative marks to the Akhilesh Yadav-led government as it had \"failed on all fronts\".Addressing media persons, Mayawati said after announcement of assembly election results on March 7, she had predicted that law and order of the state will go down and within a month people will realise the mistake they committed by voting for the SP. \"Today, I have proved correct. Crimes like rape, dacoity, loot and murder have increased manifold and Dalits and weaker sections of the society are being subjected to atrocities. The worst part is police are not registering complaints of the common people,\" she said.Mayawati said the state government is claiming to fight corruption but in the name of inquiry, it is harassing officers and extorting money. She said besides crime, communal violence too has taken place in the state on regular basis, which shows that the government is not in control. \"Goons and mafia are ruling the state and fudged figures of crime are being present to project a rosy picture,\" she said. She also said that power supply in UP is in a pathetic state all because of mismanagement.She mocked at the 'janata darshan' programme of the chief minister in which he meets people who come to him with their grievances. \"Janata darshan is useless. It is not even held on a regular basis. Ministers were directed to hold a similar programme but failed. The state government has adopted now a decision I took as chief minister, directing district magistrates and district police chiefs to take out time every day to meet people and address their grievances,\" she said.Mayawati said SP government was changing names of monuments and parks christened after Dalit icons. It also scrapped welfare policies named after Dalit leaders, she added. \"After failing to do anything substantial, the government has started following decisions taken by me for public welfare, be it on power generation or infrastructure development on the PPP model,\" she said. In the name of fulfilling poll promises, only unemployment allowance has been distributed to some,\" she said. The BSP supremo also said she did not speak for six months because SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav had requested all to give six months to his son to prove his worth. She said the SP had promised to introduce 18 per cent quota for Muslims in government jobs and education as per their population in the state but nothing has been done. In the name of backward welfare, only Yadavs are getting the benefit, she said, adding that during her rule, all sections of the society got equal opportunity.\"The SP blocked the constitutional amendment bill to provide reservation to SC/ST in government services saying it should also have provision for OBCs. I too support quota in promotions for OBCs but for the SP OBCs means only Yadavs. I have no personal grudge against Yadavs and have even promoted them during BSP rule,\" said Mayawati. SMaya said she will place all these issues before the people in the rally to be held in Lucknow on October 9 on the occasion of BSP founder Kanshi Ram's death anniversary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16417136", "title": "Indonesian envoy visits Cusat", "text": "KOCHI: The association between Indian universities and Indonesian educational institutions in higher education sector would be strengthened, said Indonesian Ambassador to India Lt Gen (retd) Andi M Ghalib here on Friday.He was on a visit to the Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat), after attending the Emerging Kerala summit. Though cooperation in this regard exists between the two countries as per the agreement signed in January last year, exchange of students is very less, he said. \"Indonesia is interested in associating with a technically-acclaimed centre like Cusat,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16416799", "title": "Yarn trader\u2019s son found dead", "text": "LUDHIANA: The decomposed body of an industrialist's son was found near New Lajpat Nagar market on Friday evening. Abhinav Sachdeva, a resident of Sant Isher Singh Nagar at Pakhowal Road, was missing since Wednesday evening. Police termed the death mysterious and said they were investigating the matter. After completing his studies, Abhinav, 21, had started assisting his father -- yarn industrialist Sunil Sachdev -- in the family business. Division no. 5 SHO Nirmal Singh said they received information from a shopkeeper about a corpse lying in the shrubs near the market. On investigating, they realized it was the decomposed body of Abhinav. Earlier, police had found the boy's Swift from the area on Thursday. Assistant commissioner of police (west) Gurpreet Kaur Purewal said they had received a missing person's report from the family and had been continuously looking for him. She said a security guard deputed in New Lajpat Nagar market told them that he saw Abhinav along with another person sitting at the place where the body was found. The guard reportedly also said the deceased seemed to be under the influence of an intoxicant. Purewal said they had recovered a bottle of whitener, or correction fluid, from Abhinav's car and there were traces of the intoxicant on his body as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16417099", "title": "Fish prices may go up by Rs 50/kg", "text": "PATNA: The diesel price hike announced on Thursday will hit fish consumers hard as fish prices are likely to zoom by up to Rs 50 per kg due to rise in fuel cost.Dealers at the Bazar Samiti here said that diesel is used to power fishing vessels; as a result, the diesel price rise would have a significant impact on the cost of fishes. However, Patnaites may continue to enjoy different varieties of fishes at the old price for a couple of days.Besides, Nityanand Pathak, a munshi at the Bazar Samiti's fish market said, \"The major chunk of fishes comes to the state from Andhra Pradesh. A truck loaded with fishes takes four days to reach here from Andhra Pradesh. So it will take a day or two to decide the increase in fish prices.\" He added that a truck carries 250 thermocoal boxes, with each box containing 40kg of big fishes like Rohu and Katla. \"We sell them at Rs 120 to Rs 160 per kg. But as the fuel price has been increased, the prices of fishes will go up by a minimum of Rs 50,\" said Anant Jha, another munshi at the market.Sachida Kumar, a fish seller at Machua Toli, said, \"Buyers these days do not spend much on fresh local fishes because of high prices. Fishes coming from Andhra Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh and West Bengal are cheaper than the local varieties. But due to this diesel price hike, people might turn to buy local fishes.\" Fishes like Rohu, Katla, Mangur, Fungas and Ritha come from Saran, Siwan, East Champaran and Bhojpur districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16416225", "title": "New GU VC installs CCTV in his chamber", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is a sharp sense of unrest among Gujarat University (GU) employees as they will now have to watch what they speak inside the vice-chancellor's (VC) chamber. In an unprecedented move, newly-appointed VC Adesh Pal has got two CCTV cameras installed in his chamber so that all that is said in his office gets recorded.This has sent strong signals of unrest among the employees. Leaders of the GU campus are especially rattled as they have gotten into the habit of shooting off their mouths inside the VC chamber making snide, controversial remarks. GU registrar Arvind Bhandari said that the CCTV cameras have been put up following the directives of Pal. \"This is not a good sign of times to come in the GU. One generally goes to a VC to discuss issues and vent anger and frustration over wrong things. If there are cameras installed, what we say can later be used against us. It can be used as a trap,\" said a senior GU employee. Meanwhile, Pal is accompanied these days by a man who is either a bouncer or boxer.His identity is not known, but his presence with the VC in his office and even when he travels home has become the subject of debate in GU.\"He is probably a personal bodyguard in plainclothes hired by the VC to keep off trouble,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16417344", "title": "Exhibition of Hindu deities in the US", "text": "AMRITSAR: The University of Missouri Museum of Art and Archaeology (UMMAA) would hold an exhibition on Hindu deities to help the world, especially the Americans, understand their significance for the community.President of Universal Society of Hinduism, Rajan Zed, while talking to TOI over phone from Nevada, US, on Saturday said UMMAA would hold the exhibition from September 22 to December 16. Zed said the exhibition would examine many Hindu deities with artifacts as old as from the eighth century in a variety of media, including Vishnu and his ten avatars, Shiva, Ganesha, Lakshmi, enthroned Vishnu, Parvati, Durga astride a lion, Kali, Sarasvati, Surya, Dharmaraj, snake goddess Manasha, Shitala, Krishna playing a flute and Shiva Bhairava.The works include metal, wood, stone, ceramic, leather, paper mache and ivory, as well as paintings on paper, cloth, and glass. Most of the exhibits originated in India but some are from other countries of south or south-east Asia.Applauding UMMAA for organizing Hinduism focused exhibition, he said art had a long and rich tradition in Hinduism and ancient Sanskrit literature talked about religious paintings of deities on wood or cloth. \"Hopefully the exhibition will help change the mindset of people who were still unaware about the Hindu religion,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16415512", "title": "Sex selection tests becoming more organized?", "text": "JAIPUR: The crime of sex selection is slowly becoming an organized racket as those involved in the illegal activity have developed their own nexus to cash in on the desperate urge of some to have a baby boy.The doctors involved in such activity do not deal directly with the customers but they have their own group of trusted people, who bring customers to their sonography centres acting as their touts. They also tread carefully as the state government has upped the ante against sex selection.The Jaipur district administration conducted a sting operation on Tuesday and caught a doctor at a diagnostics centre for violating the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostics Technique (PCPNDT) Act. It was one of the cases which showed that doctors have been involved in sex section activities in more organized way. The district administration also suspected the role of taxi driver, which was used for transportation of the pregnant woman for sonography. According to district collector Navin Mahajan, it was a tout, Hari, who was caught along with the doctor, who took the pregnant woman for sex selection.Secretary of Society for All Round Development, Sirohi, Brijmohan Sharma, who has been working against female feticide, said: \"It's a chain of people who are mostly involved in sex selection. A person lowest in the chain do not know the doctor involved in sex selection but he works for the doctor through a middlemen. They work on secrete codes. Also, the doctor conducts sonograhpy of the patient who comes through the chain without filling form F, which is compulsory. And the doctor does not convey the result of the sonograhpy to the customer directly but he informs it to the person through which she came to his clinic.\"However, doctors claim that there are very few doctors involved in such activities. Jaipur Medical Association president Dr Rakesh Jain said: \"Those who are involved in such activities should be punished as per law. But there are very few doctors who are involved in such crime. They are very rare.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16416938", "title": "'Ramesh slams Ahluwalia for statement on paddy field", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: KPCC chief Ramesh Chennithala has said that the state had dismissed the suggestion of abandoning paddy fields several years ago.In response to the statement of Montek Singh Ahluwalia, Ramesh said renowned economist P S Lokanathan had put forth the same suggestion years ago during a techno-economic survey. \"But, it was not accepted,\" he said in a statement issued here.According to Chennithala, food scarcity had been a major issue in Kerala even before Independence.\"The area of paddy fields has been fast shrinking in the past four decades and the state has initiated food security measures to tide over this. The suggestion put forth by the Planning Commission vice chairman is not practical and is against the spirit of our food security initiatives,\" he added.He said nobody could accept the argument that the state would have to go back from the schemes devised for increasing paddy production and from implementing Union government schemes for ensuring food safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16417100", "title": "Students of premier institutes swap corporate jobs for a stint with the netas", "text": "BANGALORE: Students from premier Indian institutes are swapping their corporate jobs for brief stints with MPs and MLAs to tackle grassroots issues. These youngsters with a penchant for public life are willing to trade-off fat pay cheques to assist politicians in their backyards by mostly working pro bono or for a small stipend.Preeta Dhar, a law graduate from city-based National Law School of India University, is working with Rajya Sabha member NK Singh on a host of policy issues. After graduating last year, she joined the corporate law team at Majmudar &amp; Partners in Mumbai but soon found she had a different calling. She quit to take up the Legislative Assistants to Members of Parliament (LAMP) Fellowship conceptualised by independent research outfit PRS Legislative Research to address research needs of MPs.She's one among the increasing number of students of premier institutions who are joining politicians in tackling policy issues often for paltry payments. \"It was interesting to learn the considerations that go into policy making,\" says Preeta.\"There are many Bills pending before the Parliament. My job involves preparing a de tailed commentary, on say, the Higher Education and Research Bill and examine if the recommendations of the Standing Committee are incorporated I'll evaluate if the bill has ad dressed concerns,\" she added.Dhar's enthusiasm is infectious. Many youngsters don't mind trading pinstripes for khadi. \"Youth want to participate in policy-making . We provide a platform for them to experience first-hand situations by engaging with stakeholders on certain critical issues our elected representatives are facing in their constituencies,\" said Varun Santhosh, a member of Swaniti team. Swaniti is an apolitical organization piloted in 2009 at Harvard University which works with political parties across ideologies.Take Poonacha Medapa, a senior business analyst at Cognizant Technology Solutions , currently on a sabbatical to work with Silchar Congress MLA, Sushmita Deb, in Assam . The IIM-Calcutta graduate is heading to the Barak Valley to help Deb analyze the logistics and transportation bottlenecks there. Medapa will prepare a blueprint on how to navigate through this maze and invigorate trade and commerce. Silchar, the second largest city of Assam, is connected by a metre-gauge rail network, but the plan to upgrade it to broad gauge is still in the works. \"The plan is over a decade old. It's not an engineering failure, but suffered on other counts,\" he says.Interest in cross-sector development of water and waste management in Kochi and Ernakulam triggered Abhimanyu Prakash to defer his admission to Columbia University . After graduating from Sushant School of Art and Architecture in Gurgaon, he was heading to Columbia to pursue his Masters in urban design . But he found his calling in Kerala. \"I'm working with Ernakulam MLA Hibi Eden to address water problems in three districts,\" he said.A graduate in industrial engineering from Purdue University , Anshuman Didwania worked as a strategic consultant with New York firm Argus. He quit the firm in June to assist Trinamool Congress MP Sultan Ahmed from Uluberia (West Bengal) to set up credit co-operative societies in his constituency. \"We have a unique problem \u2014 the number of employed women was low. We realized that women didn't have access to credit to start something on their own. We hit upon the idea of credit co-cooperatives in 10 blocks to encourage them,\" he said. Didwania is a part of the youth brigade who deferred his admission to the MBA programme in Stanford.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16416646", "title": "Kidnapped man rescued in 4 hrs, 7 held", "text": "CHENNAI: Police rescued a realtor just four hours after he was kidnapped from his farmland at Padhuvanchery near Selaiyur on Friday and arrested seven people.Babu, 63, a resident of Selaiyur, had gone to his farm when he was accosted by a gang and taken away in a car. Labourers engaged by Babu to work on the farm informed his family about the incident. Babu's son Mohinder lodged a complaint with police. A little later, he received a ransom call from the kidnappers, who demanded 10 crore to release Babu.As police started a search for the gang, Mohinder kept the negotiations on and the kidnappers reduced the ransom amount to 25 lakh. Police tracked the kidnappers to Manambathi village near Tiruporur. When police closed in, the gang abandoned Babu and tried to escape. Sundar, 28, Premkumar, 25, John, 28, Dinesh, 28, Suresh, 30, Ezhumalai, 29 and Tom, 35 - were nabbed after a chase and a hunt is on for a few others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16416489", "title": "Will the new public grievance cell add feather to police cap?", "text": "LUCKNOW: After failing to make a mark on the common man's psyche with schemes like community policing, whistle policing and others and failing to continue with any of them once there was a change of guard at the district police chief level, Lucknow police has now set up a public grievances cell at each police station of the state capital. The cell started functioning from Saturday.This is the first attempt of present district police chief SSP RK Chaturvedi since he took charge after several unsuccessful schemes, including a separate hi-tech complaint cell at the city control room, launched by his predecessor IG Ashutosh Pandey. The public grievances cell will be manned by two women constables at each police station, said the SSP, adding it would act as a reception counter at each police station. However, women constable would be deployed only at urban police stations while male cops have been deployed at rural police stations.A complainant visiting the police station will apprise the public grievance cell personnel about his or her problem. After hearing out the complainant, the cell staff would jot down the complaint in a special register made for the purpose. Subsequently, cops at the cell would hand over a receipt to the victim mentioning who would be looking into the complaint. The receipt will also have a serial number, name of the complainant, name of the person against whom the complaint has been made, gist of the nature of accusation, signature of the cop who received the complaint and the name of the investigation officer and his mobile number. Besides, the receipt will also have numbers of the station incharge of the concerned police station and the circle officer of area. After completion of the investigation, the cop will mention it in the special register and provide the information to the victim when he asks for, said the SSP.The aim of such schemes has always been to improve police-public interaction and to improve the image of the police, says Ranjeet Singh, a lawyer and resident of Indiranagar locality, adding that the schemes never achieved their purpose.Once there was change of guards at the district police chief level, the cops lost track of the schemes, said Omprakash, a bank employee and resident of Jankipuram. \"What happened to the community policing service launched with much fanfare by the previous district police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey,\" he asked.\"Instead of launching such schemes which won't continue once a new district police chief replaces the present one, there is need to focus on how to improve law and order in the light of the unprecedented violence the state capital witnessed after Alvida Namaaz this year,\" advises Vivek Shukla, another lawyer of the high court.Usha Kumar, a resident of Mahanagar, who had been to a police station once with her complaint, said the new scheme does not seem very different from the previous one of submitting an application and getting a receiving from the police station on another copy. Talking to TOI, the SSP said earlier it was not mandatory to give the complainant a receipt of the complaint and the victim can always come to him personally with a complaint. So, what's new in that?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16416080", "title": "Seeing through the world of sounds", "text": "COIMBATORE: S Sabari Venkat is just like any other smart 10 year-old-kid with a sweet smile and a sharp mind ready with an answer to almost every question thrown at him. But sit with him for two minutes and the truth will hit us like a sharp slap across our face. This fifth standard student who is also one of the class toppers is flashing the smile at us from his inner world which is constantly black, devoid of colours and any optical sense of recognition. Sabari was born blind in both eyes and though his retina's react to light flashed at his left retina, it does not reach him since he is suffering from more than 90% blindness in his left eye and total blindness in his right eye. Sabari had accompanied other differently-abled children to an event held at a private hotel here in the city.\"It was very good experience all of them said good things to me,\" says Sabari at his residence near Perianacikenpalayam.Later in the day as we entered his modest rented house comprising of two rooms and a kitchen adjacent to a private marriage hall in the locality, Sabari was tinkering with the volume switch of the television set. He constantly sits in front of the television and 'listens' to the programs aired on various channels, especially those which telecast cartoons. With great concentration and excitement he sits in front of it and draw faces and shapes to the conversations and sounds from the TV speakers in his mind\"He sits in front of the television and follows the conversations very keenly. He stays completely glued to it often,\" says K Sreenivas, Sabari's father.Sabari is presently a student of Ramakrishna Mission Vidyalaya Swami Shivananda Higher Secondary School near Perianaickenpalayam along with normal children. He still manages to be one of the top scorers in the class often in the second or third position. The school authorities also support him in his academics and a teacher from the institution helps as his scribe during examination. Sabari is also a good orator and has won several competitions for chanting shlokas from Bhagavad Gita. He also regularly dresses up as Swami Vivekananda and is greatly inspired by his teachings narrated to him by his father K Sreenivas and his teachers.\"Swami Vivekananda lived for just 39 years but managed to achieve great things within that short span. Not everyone is able to do so in life,\" says Sabari.K Sreenivas, an agrarian and his wife S Neelaveni waited long for the birth of their first child and was initially shattered when they were told that Sabari will not be able to see them or anything else around him after his birth.The couple was earlier residing near Kozhinjampara near Pollachi along the Kerala-Tamil Nadu border but they decided to sell of their agriculture land and relocate to Coimbatore city to ensure that Sabari is not left behind either in his education or medical treatment under any circumstances. The couple had tried to bring light to at least one of his eyes and tried to get his left eye treated. Though doctors diagnosed him with cataracts and an ensuing complication called Synechia which could not be completely cured so far.\"We used to live in a semi-rural area and in those places if there is a handicapped kid in the family people tend to talk about it constantly. Some do it out of sympathy, some because of superstition but we made a decision that our son need not grow up listening to it and so we came to Coimbatore,\" Sreenivas adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16417494", "title": "Policeman hit by car thieves dies in hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: An assistant sub-inspector attached to the Kherwadi police, who had been knocked down last month by car thieves while he attempted to nab them, died in a hospital on Saturday. The victim, Dutta Sanobat, was admitted to a private hospital in critical condition. On August 31, the accused who had stolen an Indica from Dharavi were searching for a place to hide the vehicle. Around 3.30am, the car developed a snag in Bandra, when they spotted a tourist vehicle. The tourist vehicle's driver , Kaushik Tiwari, had stopped by to answer nature's call. In a bid to hijack the tourist vehicle , the accused threatened Tiwari with a chopper. Sanobat, who was part of a police patrol team that was passing by at that time, stepped out of his police vehicle and asked the thieves not to start the car. But the accused didn't pay heed and rammed the vehicle into him. Sanobat was dragged along for 20 ft before being thrown off the vehicle. Tiwari alerted the police control room and the two constables on night patrol rushed Sanobat to a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415365", "title": "India go down fighting to Iran", "text": "NAGPUR: The young Indian cagers, on a learning curve, managed to give Iran a serious scare in the Fiba Asia Cup on Friday. Though, Iran, ranked 20th, won the Group B opener 83-71, it were the Indians who walked away with accolades for the spunk they showed in the meet being held in Tokyo, Japan.The 58th ranked India men, with their furious play, forced fancied Iran to change its strategy as they scampered to a 12-point win.Former India captain Vishesh Briguvanshi was in his elements-scoring a team-high 21 points with 9 assists- as he steered India to a 32-26 lead in the initial 15 minutes. On the other side, it was Iran's hottest hoopster Nikkhah Bahrami (23) who fired three consecutive baskets from the paint as the West Asian giants regained the lead with a handy 40-37 advantage at the halfway mark. Iran won the initial quarter 23-17 while India had their say in the second period, winning 20-17.India blew away a fantastic second quarter resurgence allowing Iran to hit back after the change of ends and sneak through to an 83-71 win. Iran won the third and fourth quarters 24-21 and 19-13 respectively.Indian team coach KK Chansoria blamed the poor free-throw con-version ratio for the loss. \"Against a team as strong and tall as Iran you can't win if you miss crucial free-throws,\" the 68-year-old said about India's dismal 53% conversion ratio.\"This team is very young. Looking at the number of professional players in other teams, I will say that we have come with an amateur team. We are here to learn,\" he added.Other Indian cagers who did well include the tallest of the lot Amritpal Singh (15), Railway guard Joginder Singh 12 points all from the three-pointers and Rikin Pethani with 11 points.On Saturday, India face Qatar before they meet Chinese Taipei on Sunday and hosts Japan on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16415520", "title": "Mukhtar Malik, 8 accomplices held", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal police confirmed the arrest of gangster Mukhtar Malik and eight of his henchmen here on Saturday. Malik and his accomplices were paraded to the police control room.\"He has been arrested in connection with a recent case of abduction in Jehangirabad area. The police produced him in the court and later in the day, took him and two others on a police remand till September 25,\" said DIG Yogesh Choudhary, adding that he has also been charged under National Security Act (NSA). A woman has also been made an accused in the abduction case.Malik was arrested with firearms from near K N Pradhan trisection while he was moving with 2 accomplices in a SUV with red beacon and a press sticker a day earlier. Later, five more accomplices were arrested.In total 3 pistols, a revolver, sharp-edged weapons and five vehicles, including two SUVs have been seized from Malik and arrested 8 accomplices.The accomplices arrested include Naeem Ansari, Arif Khan, Rashid Mustafa, Sandeep Mishra, Imtiyaz, Mazhar Topi, Athar Hussain and Pinki Mujahid.Malik has more than 50 cases of murder, extortion, rape, attempt to murder, attacking government officials, rioting and other heinous crimes registered against him.He resides in three different houses, including that in Ahata Rustam Khan in Shyamla Hills and two others in old city and has links with mafias of Gujarat, Hyderabad, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, Orissa, West Bengal , Maharashtra, Daman Diu and Rajasthan.Apart from being in organised crime and running extortion racket, he also claims to be editor of a monthly magazine Hazaron Rang.The police has also not ruled out attaching his property as the investigation proceeds. \"Primarily our interest is to establish his involvement in the crimes\", the police added.BOX: Gangster and extortionistMukhtar Malik, 50 hails from Fatehpur district of Uttar Pradesh and he has been active in crime world since 1982. He has links with mafias of more than a dozen states in the country, including Akram gang of Gujarat and Durdana- the mafia from Andhara Pradesh.He is probably the only criminal of Bhopal whose arrest the police dreaded. Despite having more than 50 cases pending against him within and outside Madhya Pradesh , he had been free and could be seen hobnobbing with the high a mighty. Most of the time he used to give police the slip and surrender in court in a dramatic manner.Malik gained popularity after the infamous shootout incident in Bhopal court in the past. After getting acquitted in the case his audacity grew to the extent that he did not hesitated in even attacking police and other government officials.He would run his own court to settle property disputes and threaten people for extortion. As a set practice, his goons would abduct a property owner to Malik and he as a judge would give the verdict.He extorted protection money from property owners and businessmen but fearing for their lives victims would generally not report the matter to police. He has evaded arrest allegedly because of his close proximity to politicians.Police also suspect that he has links with the Mumbai underworld. His association with Kareem Lala gang had already been established in the past. Connection with Bollywood would also be looked into, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16416549", "title": "CM announces ex-gratia for victims", "text": "LUCKNOW: Calling the Ghaziabad violence as unfortunate, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said stringent action would be taken against guilty officials. On his directives, the government has asked Meerut divisional commissioner to conduct an inquiry into the incident and also probe if there was any dereliction of duty on part of the officials. CM has announced an ex-gratia of Rs 5 lakh to the kin of those killed, Rs 50,000 to the seriously injured persons and Rs 20,000 to those with minor injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415002", "title": "Even prisoners to resolve disputes", "text": "NAGPUR: Brijesh Vishwakarma was a domestic help who used to clean vehicles at Mohit Lodha's residence. He is behind bars since the last six months. Out of sympathy, the Lodhas approached the Nagpur District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) to settle the case with Vishwakarma.Today, Vishwakarma may walk out of jail, thanks to the Maha Lok Adalat where the Lodha family decided to end the case through mutual settlement.Like Vishwakarma and the Lodhas, several citizens want to end their long-pending court disputes which have become a bane for them as they have to devote their precious time and money to attend the hearings. Thousands of such cases are pending before the judiciary even as both the litigants and defendants along with their legal heirs have forgotten them.The Maha Lok Adalat has come as welcome change as over 1.12 lakh cases have been settled in its three episodes in just one and half years. This has significantly reduced the pendency ratio.\"Interestingly, in six matters which will be resolved through the Maha Lok Adalat, both the accused and complainants are in jail. But all of them want to mutually end the cases,\" DLSA secretary Kishor Jaiswal told TOI.Over 45,000 cases are likely to be resolved during Sunday's edition. Bombay High Court's senior judge Justice Pratap Hardas and Justice Madan Tahaliyani will be visiting the Nagpur District and Sessions Court premises during the event. \"DLSA will not be conducting any inaugural function to save the litigants' time. There will be tight security on the premises and electronic screens to help litigants,\" Jaiswal informed.He added that last year they found and resolved a case which dated back to April 10, 1979 and this year as well they had found one case which dates back to 1968. \"All types of civil cases, land acquisition matters, criminal cases (compoundable), matrimonial disputes, motor accident claim petitions, cheque dishonour cases under Section 138 of Negotiable Instruments Act and cases under Motor Vehicles Act, will be kept for amicable settlement between the parties,\" he said, adding that litigants can also approach them on Sunday even if they had not registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16416895", "title": "Turning traffic one-way not enough: Residents", "text": "LUDHIANA: The rush near schools during morning and evening hours cripples the traffic movement in the nearby areas, despite traffic being turned one way outside many schools. The haphazardly parked vehicles and school buses outside campuses become a major bottleneck for traffic movement. The roads are full of cars, buses and other private vehicles at that time and there is little we can do.\" Principal of Guru Nanak Public School Mona Singh told TOI, \"We make sure the school-owned buses are parked inside the campus on the playground to lessen confusion on the roads outside.\" A month after the drive started, Sarabha Nagar residents though have been appreciating the 'one-way' drive followed by the traffic police as the traffic to an extent has come under control. Happy with the system, Sarabha Nagar resident Rahul Verma, a businessman, said, \"It is a welcome step but more needs to be done to manage the haphazard parking outside schools.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415627", "title": "At JNU, it\u2019s AISA versus SFI rebels", "text": "NEW DELHI: Early trends indicate that it's a straight fight between AISA and SFI-JNU. With SFI-JNU's V Lenin Kumar and Ruchira Sen leading the race for posts of president and joint secretary, AISA may not have the full panel to itself like it did in March.The SFI-JNU has landed two of the five councillor seats each in the School of International Studies (SIS) and School of Social Sciences (SSS); the remaining \u2014 three seats per school \u2014 are AISA's. The latter has also bagged a seat each in the School of Arts and Aesthetics and Centre for Study of Law and Governance. Minakshi Buragohain and Shakeel Anjum of AISA were in the lead for the posts of vice-president and general secretary respectively.The JNUSU polls are held across the university's 12 schools. Of these, School of Language , Literature and Culture Studies (SLL&CS;), SSS and SIS bring the numbers. Sometimes, SLL alone can swing the vote. The remaining schools and centres are clubbed together in the \"science-and-others\" category. By Saturday evening, central panel results were available for this last category and SIS. The two left parties - AISA and SFI-JNU - appeared to be close. Apparently, the \"official\" tag is all the 'official' SFI has going for it with the party getting no councillor seats in the schools. A contestant commented that the \"split\" in SFI over CPM's support of Pranab Mukherjee's candidature in the presidential election had \"neutralized\" SFI. Not quite. The rebels who formed SFI-JNU seem to be faring much better than the parent group. In March, the united SFI had suffered a crushing defeat with only four councillor seats and none in the central panel.The 'official' SFI's decimation is nearly complete but for SFI-JNU, things are looking up. In the science schools and SIS, Lenin got 153 votes more than second-placed Om Prasad of AISA. \"It's not a very big margin and may be balanced out by votes from SLL,\" said a member of a student body, adding that SFI-JNU is winning \"sympathy votes\" because it took a stand on an issue and had to pay for it.NSUI and Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad have both managed councillor seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "director ss rajamouli has always believed in doing things differently. while most actors who associate themselves with charitable causes are often known to speak more and act less, the ace director has decided to walk the talk by actually pledging his organs. rajamouli made this announcement when he graced an event at gandhi medical college, secunderabad, a few days back. \"thanks to all medicos and professors. had a gr8 time at gandhi medical college. i pledged to donate my organs and anyone who wish to donate their organs or be a volunteer,visit http", "code": "16420749", "title": "Rajamouli to donate his organs", "text": "Director SS Rajamouli has always believed in doing things differently. While most actors who associate themselves with charitable causes are often known to speak more and act less, the ace director has decided to walk the talk by actually pledging his organs. Rajamouli made this announcement when he graced an event at Gandhi medical college, Secunderabad, a few days back. \"Thanks to all medicos and professors. Had a gr8 time at Gandhi medical college. I pledged to donate my organs and anyone who wish to donate their organs or be a volunteer,visit http://www.mohanfoundation.org i learnt organs from one body can give life to 8 people,\" he tweeted. Previously, Tollywood Stars Nagarjuna, Amala Akkineni, Lakshmi Manchu, Navdeep, Arvind Krishna and Harshvardhan Rane also announced that they shall donate their organs. And it's heartening to see such celebrities lending their support for such noble causes. Rajamouli earlier donated 22 lakhs for Mobile Science Lab program and benches to an NGO project 511.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415502", "title": "Kwatra 'killers' lurked around, murdered him on second visit", "text": "MUMBAI: In a chilling development, the police on Saturday learnt that the killers of Navraj Kwatra, the 65-year-old son of the late Punjabi writer Amrita Pritam, visited his Borivli studio twice in an hour. It was during their second visit that they got an opportunity to kill him. The police, who suspect personal enmity could be behind the daylight murder in LIC Colony, have formed seven teams to crack the case.The police on Saturday issued sketches of the two suspects based on the description provided by two of his neighbours and the engineer. They have recovered portfolios of several female and some male models, some condoms (mostly female), a sex toy and Viagra tablets from the studio.Police sources said the accused first entered the photographer and writer's ground floor flat saying they had come to deliver a parcel. The two, though, postponed their alleged plan to kill him on seeing another person, a computer engineer, with him in the flat. But they continued to lurk outside the building. The two returned after the engineer, who was at the studio to update some software, left. This ti-me, they allegedly committed the crime.In a strange twist, Madhusudhan Kumar, a family friend, said that Kwatra's Delhi-based wife Alka, who flew into the city on Saturday, told him that her husband did get a call a day before saying a parcel was to be delivered, \"which indicates that he knew about it\". The police officer, though, told TOI, \"This point has not come up in our investigation.\"The engineer who was with Kwatra said he was working on his computer around noon when the doorbell rang. He opened the door to the two accused who said they had come to deliver a parcel sent by one Salimbhai. Kwatra said he did not know any Salimbhai. One of them then pretended to contact Salimbhai on his mobile phone and said he was not responding to the call. They left saying that they would ask Salimbhai to speak to Kwatra and return to deliver the parcel.The engineer soon left and the two suspects returned. A neighbour walking to his flat on an upper floor saw the two enter the studio. After a while, he heard Kwatra scream and rushed down when he saw another female neighbour who was just entering the building stop in her tracks. They rang Kwatra's doorbell but there was no response. The man then ran towards the rear of the building and tried to peep inside a window and the woman was standing near the door. This is when the suspects opened the door and fled past her.An officer said, \"The description of the suspects given by the engineer and the two building residents helped us guage that the same persons had visited the flat twice in an hour.\"A woman who worked as a translator for Kwatra told the police that she called him around 9am and asked if he had any work for her. He told her there wasn't any. The police are still trying to find out the exact details of Kwatra's profession.The police questioned the engineer who told them that he was known to the deceased and often visit his studio to update computer programs. MHB Colony police are investigating the case, and the crime branch is conducting a parallel investigation.The police have started questioning the models. An officer said, \"Some of them said he was generous with money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16417402", "title": "Govt announces ceasefire to facilitate Maoists surrender", "text": "BANGALORE: Ahead of Ganesh Chaturthi, Karnataka government has announced a temporary ceasefire on Saturday to make a last-ditch effort to allow Naxal leaders in Western Ghats to surrender voluntarily.\"A week-long ceasefire will begin from Monday in anti Naxal operation areas to facilitate surrender of Maoists,\" chief minister Jagadish Shet tar told reporters here.The ceasefire will begin on September 17 at 6 am and would be in force till 6 pm on Sep tember 23.Shettar said they decided about it after some key operatives expressed a desire to lay down arms if the government is willing to give them an opportunity to do so. Naxals are active in Western Ghat forests particulary in Dakshina Kannada and Chikmagalur districts, officials said.The chief minister said the government is willing to give protection to surrendered Naxalites and will do everything to bring them back to the main stream. Also, if needed, government will announce a special package within the legal framework and as per the surrender policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16416643", "title": "Traders\u2019 strike on Sept 20", "text": "CHENNAI: The Federation of Tamil Nadu Traders Association, the largest trade body in the state, has called for a dawn-to-dusk strike on September 20 to protest against the Centre's move to allow 51% foreign direct investments in the multi-brand retail sector. The decision comes after the All India Bharatiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal, the national body, announced a strike, according to president T Vellaiyan.In a press statement, he said the announcement by chief ministers J Jayalalithaa , Akhilesh Yadav and Mamata Banerjee that they would not implement FDI in their states, was welcome and should be hailed. \"Their decision respects the sacrifices of our freedom fighters,\" he said. There are about 6,000 trader bodies in the state affiliated to the federation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16415457", "title": "Team Dark Don dominates in LGB Formula 4 class", "text": "CHENNAI: Drivers of the newly-formed Team Dark Don Racing produced a dominant performance in the LGB Formula 4 class on Saturday in the fourth round of the JK Tyre National racing championship at the MMST circuit on the outskirts of the city.Young Ashwin Sundar won the opening race from pole and finished second behind Saran Vikram (Mars Racing) in the second race in which the top four on the grid were placed on reverse order, and the experienced Sarosh Hataria recovered from sixth to finish third and give the Chennai-based Dark Don another podium finish.Meanwhile, Arun Balu blazed the tracks in his Honda for his third win of the season in the Indian Touring Cars category. The former international rally driver and noted circuit racer, driving for Tiger Sports, was in a class of his own, while N Leelakrishnan pipped Siddharth Kishore for second place.Later, Feroze Khan won the Indian Junior Touring Cars first race with a start-to-finish performance even as championship leader Fahad Kutty of Team Game Over (Mumbai) retired after six laps due to a mechanical failure. Mumbai's Ameya Walavalkar qualified for pole position for the Polo R Cup races which will headline Sunday's action.Provisional results: LGB Formula 4 (10 laps): Race 1: 1 Ashwin Sundar (Dark Don Racing) 19:58.864, 2 Saran Vikram (Mars Racing) 19:59.927, 3 Vishnu Prasad (Meco Racing) 20:05.685. Race 2 (10 laps): 1 Saran Vikram 20:00251, 2 Ashwin Sundar 20:02.254, 3 Sarosh Hataria (Dark Don Racing) 20:05.901. Indian Touring Cars (10 laps): Rae 1: 1 Arjun Balu (Tiger Sport) 20:52.933, 2 N Leelakrishnan (Big Foots Racing) 20:55.878, 3 Siddharth Kishore (Performance Racing) 20:58.284. Indian Junior Touring Cars (9 laps): Race 1: 1 Feroze Khan 19:47.046, 2 Diljith Shaji ( Eram Group Sports Club) 20:00.026, 3 S Sreeram (Mega Racing) 20:00.278.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415094", "title": "Saudi consulate in Hyderabad by 2013", "text": "HYDERABAD: With a large number of migrants from the state working in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA), the oil-rich country wants to set up its consulate in the city, second in the country after Mumbai.Highly-placed sources in the General Administration Department (GAD) told STOI that officials of the state government and diplomats from Saudi Arabia were working out the details. The government has welcomed Saudi Arabia's proposal to set up its consulate in the city and has offered to allot necessary land to build their offices.So far, five countries -- the Unites States of America (USA), the Islamic Republic of Iran , the United Kingdom, Turkey and Russia -- have their consulates in the city. The state government wants to create a 'Diplomatic Enclave' in the city where consulates of various countries could be located, sources said.Saudi Arabia wants to set up its consulate office in the city as a large number of workers from the state, particularly Telangana region, work in private companies in the Arab state. \"Though workers from Kurnool, Krishna, East Godavari and West Godavari districts also head to the Islamic state, migration from Telangana districts is high,\" sources said. If all goes well, Saudi Arabia would open its consulate in the city by 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "16415394", "title": "ISRO lines up more satellite missions", "text": "WARANGAL: Thirty three satellite missions are in the offing in the next five years, said Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO) chairman S Radhakrishnan here on Saturday.He was here to attend the 10th convocation of National Institute of Technology of Warangal ( NITW). Addressing the gathering, Radhakrishnan said, \"We have several challenging programmes ahead for the next five years. We have chalked out 33 satellite missions and 25 launch vehicle missions apart from a number of technology development programmes.Development of advanced communication satellites with payload power at least three times of the current ones is on the anvil,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16415989", "title": "Korean, Bengali tourists rescued", "text": "CALANGUTE: Two tourists, one from Korea and the other from West Bengal, were rescued in two separate incidents in Baga and Calangute on Friday by Drishti lifeguards.In the first incident, a woman tourist from South Korea, Halia Mehr, 21, was swimming in a no-swimming zone along with a friend, Anc Bonac, at about 2.10 pm, around 100m south of the lifeguard tower. When she was about 20-30 meters from the shore, she started having difficulty swimming because of the strong currents and was being dragged seawards. Unable to battle the waves, she started gesturing for help.One of the lifeguards, Swapnil Toraskar, who was observing the two swimming in the no-swim zone, immediately rushed to her aid with a rescue tube, while another lifeguard, Vithal Chorlekar, reached the spot on a jet-ski. She was secured with the tube and brought to the shore safely.In the second incident which took place about 6.55pm on Friday evening, a group of four tourists from West Bengal were swimming in a no-swimming zone around 100m south of the Calangute lifeguard tower, when one of them, Shubo Das, 21, was caught in a rip current and dragged around 40-50 meters seawards by the strong currents.Noticing him struggling, two lifeguards rushed towards him with a rescue tube and saved him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16416686", "title": "Chaos outside schools continues", "text": "LUDHIANA: Thousands of students reach and leave their respective schools almost at the same time everyday. It's natural then that chaos and traffic bedlam rule the streets outside these educational institutions, hassling commuters and parents who come to drop off their kids. Though the flow of traffic outside many schools was turned one-way, the bottlenecks seem to persist. The problem is more acute outside Guru Nanak Public School and Sacred Heart Convent School in Sarabha Nagar, DAV Public School in BRS Nagar, BCM School in Shastri Nagar and Sat Paul Mittal School in Dugri. While these roads witness a heavy vehicular flow daily, erratic parking on the roadside by private vehicles and sometimes school buses adds to menace. In August, traffic police gave directions for one-way traffic flow from 6am to 8am and 12.30pm to 2pm near Sacred Heart and Guru Nanak Public School. Beant Juneja, SHO (traffic), said, \"It's been a month since we initiated the one-way traffic drive and the schools are cooperating with us. Though traffic is not 100% under control, we have definitely managed to streamline the flow of vehicles to a large extent. We are planning to cover more schools under this drive, though it will be difficult to implement the system outside R S Model School in Shastri Nagar, BCM School in Shastri Nagar and St Thomas Senior Secondary School on Brown Road due to their location.\" \"We are trying our best to avoid the traffic blockades. Buses are parked inside the campus during the loading and unloading of students. But the traffic still goes out of control during dispersal,\" said R S Patial, the principal of DAV Public School, BRS Nagar. Admitting that traffic police personnel have been deputed outside the school to manage traffic, Sister Chantal of Sacred Heart Convent said, \"Morning hours are still manageable but it's the afternoon that really stalls vehicular movement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16416642", "title": "Foreigner held on false charges returns home", "text": "CHENNAI: Zaw Lin of Myanmar left for home via Bangkok on Saturday with bitter memories. The 36-year-old sailor was arrested by the Chennai airport police late last year and spent nearly two months in Puzhal prison and a few months in a room in Guindy before the Madras high court quashed the case against him and ordered his release last week.On October 9, 2011, Lin, a sailor with merchant vessel Gati Pride, was leaving for home when he was arrested at the airport. He was charged with tampering a photo in his Continuous Discharge Certificate (CDC), the passport of seamen, and remanded in prison.Talking to TOI before leaving, Lin said he wanted to forget those dark days. \"I pleaded with the airport police to check my passport and all travel documents which had the same photograph but they accused me of tampering with the photo in my CDC. They harassed me,\" said Lin, who neither knew English nor Hindi and couldn't explain his case.A week later, the Myanmar ministry of transport department sent a letter through the embassy in New Delhi authenticating Lin's CDC. \"Even after the Myanmar embassy sent letters to the authorities, airport police and Chennai immigration in December 2011, there was no response. I lost a year of my life. My wife suffered psychological problems and had a miscarriage,\" he said.After two months in Puzhal, some jail inmates helped him get bail and a few others helped him with accommodation and other expenses. His case was pending in a district court before a union of seafarers \"rescued\" him and brought him to the Seafarers Club in July. The union helped him move the HC. \"Even after his release from jail, he had to run from pillar to post as filing of the charge sheet was delayed. It is a clear case of human rights violation,\" said P Muthusamy, a lawyer who appeared for Lin. The bench quashed the case last week after finding the charges against Lin were false.Manoj Joy of Sailors Helpline, who helped Lin file the case, said it would remain \"a great shame\" for the state police and the immigration bureau \"for criminalizing a foreign seafarer\". A senior immigration official said Lin's travel documents were suspicious. \"We have not committed any mistake. The nine-month period is normal in such cases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16416756", "title": "3 held with illegal firearms", "text": "KANPUR: Acting on a tip-off, the police on Friday arrested three persons with illegal firearms in separate incidents from Shivrajpur, Kalyanpur and Kohna areas of the district. DIG Amitabh Yash said, \"Hari Shukla of Rampur was arrested from Rampur Tiraha while Sonu of CTS Bithoor road has been arrested from NIC gates in Kalyanpur. Likewise, Kohna police arrested Anil Nishad from Ramchandra Chauraha. The police recovered a country-made firearm of 12 bore from him.\"He said the trio is being interrogated and police would soon be able to trace the origin of the arms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "16422220", "title": "India suffer third straight loss in Asia Cup basketball", "text": "TOKYO: India suffered their third defeat on the trot with a 88-113 loss against Chinese Taipei to virtually crash out of the 4th FIBA Asia Cup basketball tournament on Sunday.The Indians, who had lost to Iran and Qatar, showed a lot of enthusiasm and energy in their Group B match but the lack of experience proved their undoing as they were outplayed by a stronger opponent.India conceded a seven-point lead (24-31) to Chinese Taipei in the opening quarter. The gap became wider as Chinese Taipei ensured a 58-41 half-time lead.By the third quarter, India were out of the game as they were thoroughly outplayed by Chinese Taipei who fired 33 points to build a massive 33-point lead (91-58) going into the fourth and final quarter.The Indian did, however, salvaged some pride by scoring 30 points in the final quarter as against 22 by their opponents but it was too late to save the game.Chang Tsung-hsien led the charge for Chinese Taipei with 20 points while Creighton Douglas and Chih-Chieh netted 15 and 13 points respectively.For India, Vishesh Bhriguvanshi top-scored with 22 points and dished out 12 assists for the first double-double of the competition. Amrit Pal Singh and Pethani Rikin contributed 18 points apiece.\"We played our hearts out and worked hard. Somewhere down the line, we are lacking the game-experience to convert the energy into victory,\" said 21-year-old Bhriguvanshi.The third defeat in a row left India with very little chance of making it to the quarterfinals. They play against hosts Japan tomorrow in their last group match.Four top sides from the two groups of five teams each will qualify for quarterfinals.Coach JP Singh was, however, happy with the performance of his boys despite failing to win any match.\"I think we have done exceedingly well against all expectations. We are taking a lot of positives back although the results might show otherwise,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415308", "title": "Elderly couple robbed in Banjara Hills", "text": "HYDERABAD: Robbers struck at an elderly couple's flat in an apartment complex in Sagar Society and sedated them with chloroform before fleeing with one-and-half tola gold and Rs 15,000 in cash late on Friday night.At around 10.45pm, three unidentified persons went to Mahalakshmi apartments in Sagar Society, Banjara Hills, and went straight to the flat belonging to Jansi Lakshmi and Shankar on the first floor, the Banjara Hills police said. \"The burglars rang the doorbell and Jansi opened the door. Immediately, the trio put a handkerchief, which had chloroform, on her face and she fainted yelling. Meanwhile, hearing Jansi's screams, Shankar, who was in bedroom, came out. Later, Shankar also met the same fate and he also fainted,'' Banjara Hills inspector Chandrashekar Goud told STOI.The thieves removed the 1.5-tola gold chain worn by Jansi, Rs 15,000 cash found in a purse inside the bedroom and fled from the location.Police said that at around 1.45 am the elderly couple regained consciousness. The culprits had put a tape on Shankar's mouth before they left. Ironically, the watchman of Mahalakshmi apartment was not on the premises when the incident happened. Police suspect that some known persons were behind the robbery as they knew that only the elderly couple stay at the flat. \"Luckily, the culprits did not harm the couple. After the victims gained consciousness, they called up their relatives, who in turn informed us,'' police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bellary/new delhi", "code": "16417079", "title": "Janardhana Reddy, aides land in deeper trouble", "text": "BELLARY/NEW DELHI: The CBI raids and filing of five new cases on Saturday spell more trouble for ex-minister G Janardhana Reddy , currently in jail.The CBI registered cases in connection with illegal iron ore exports worth Rs 2,500 crore. Sleuths swooped down on 17 locations in Goa and Karnataka, including the premises of Reddy's associ ates. A 10-member CBI team searched the houses of Kara pudi Mahesh, Swastik Na garaj and Somasekhar, who runs a transport firm.CBI sleuths also raided the houses and offices of iron ore exporters and stevedoring agents across Uttara Kanna da district. The raids were conducted simultaneously on the Karwar, Belekeri, and Yellapur offices of Adani Enter prises, Shree Mallikarjuna Shipping Pvt Ltd, Dream Lo gistics and Company, Salgao car Mining Company and Ra jamahal Silks in Belekeri.Raids were also carried out on the houses of Satish Sail owner of Mallikarjuna Ship ping Company at Sadashiva gad in Karwar, RP Naik, man ager of Salgoacar in Belekeri and Vivek Hebbar, director of Dream Logistics in Yellapur The CBI seized bank and oth er documents.Sources alleged that over 50 lakh tonnes of iron ore was illegally exported and four exporters \u2014 ILC, SB Logistics , Dream Logistics and Shree Mallikarjuna Shipping Pvt Ltd \u2014 were involved in half these exports.Adani Enterprises has said in a statement that the company is a mere service provider and not in a position to check mandatory clearances or permissions or permits , as it does not have the authority to do so. \"All the activities were done on behalf of the exporters under the supervision and clearance of customs and port authorities ,\" it had said after a Supreme Court order.In Panaji, former MLA Anil Salgaocar confirmed the \"searches\" and said his company had paid all forest taxes and royalty before iron ore was exported from Belek eri port. He claimed that the firm's documents were being verified by CBI only because it had exported from Belek eri port. \"We've submitted our data to the CBI. We are not in volved in illegal exports from Belekeri,\" said Salgaocar.In its directive to the CBI to probe the scam, the Supreme Court had ques tioned the Karnataka gov ernment as to how law-en forcing agencies, particular ly the CB-CID , were unaware of illegal mining happening on such a massive scale in its own reserve forests, with 5 lakh trucks transporting minerals to Belekeri port over a period of 17 months.The reports of the apex court-appointed Central Em powered Committee (CEC) of April 27 and September 6 suggested a probe to zero in on officials responsible for various illegalities and to take action against erring exporters, sup pliers, transporters, stockyard personnel and officials.The Supreme Court had asked CBI to undertake a preliminary inquiry \"in respect of 32.27 lakh tonnes of iron ore exported by 18 exporters each of whom had from Jan uary 1, 2009, to May 31, 2010 exported between 1 to 5 lakh tonnes of iron ore from Belekeri port\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415875", "title": "NSUI bags 3 of 4 DUSU posts, cheers up Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giving the beleaguered Congress something to smile about, its students wing - National Students Union of India (NSUI) - has bagged three of the four posts in the Delhi University Students Union (DUSU). The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), the BJP's face on the campus, barely managed a tie with NSUI for joint secretary.Neither the cloud of corruption, nor the hike in diesel prices seemed to have made any difference. Registering one of its best wins in recent times, NSUI claimed the posts of president, vice-president and secretary in the results declared on Saturday.The first major victory of NSUI since its clean sweep in 2007 showed up the ABVP as a bad loser. Its activists went berserk on the campus and indulged in vandalism, alleging rigging, forcing the police to lathi-charge them. The ABVP has now called for an indefinite bandh from Monday if the authorities fail to order a probe into the results.Arun Hooda of NSUI, a student of Law Centre-I, defeated his closest rival of the ABVP, Ankit Dhananjay Choudhary, by a margin of 5,465 for the post of DUSU president. Hooda said he would work to improve the basic infrastructure in the varsity.Focus on campus issues did the trickAfter NSUI won three of the four posts in the Delhi University Students Union beating the ABVP on Saturday, its spokesperson Amrish Ranjan Pandey said the \"saffron safaya\" had happened primarily because they concentrated on DU issues. \"We worked towards improving the campus life of students and fought for their rights. The photocopy issue also struck a chord with the students,\" he said.NSUI's candidate from Campus Law Centre for the DU vice-president's post, Varun Khari, won by a margin of 4,475 while Varun Chaudhary won the post of secretary by a margin of 2,617. For the post of joint secretary, there is a tie between Raveena Choudhary of NSUI and Vishu Basoya of ABVP, the first in DUSU elections ever - each has polled 13,164 votes.With ABVP left licking its wounds after one of its worst defeats, there are warning bells ringing for the BJP. In the previous two DUSU elections, ABVP had won three posts and even the Congress - as admitted by chief minister Sheila Dikshit - didn't expect this spectacular performance.\"Despite so many adverse factors like corruption and price rise, if ABVP loses like this, it's time for the BJP to do some serious introspection. We are facing big elections soon. All factors are against the government and still we lose. Probably the poll managers and candidates failed to put up relevant issues among students. The senior leadership should have been involved instead of putting relatively unknown faces in charge of the elections,\" said Delhi BJP vice-president Poonam Azad, indicating dissensions within the party.NSUI considers this to be one of its biggest wins. \"Our efforts to address issues directly impacting DU students have paid off,\" said national vice-president of NSUI, Bharat Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416507", "title": "PU told to act against violators", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh police have urged the Panjab University authorities to take action against student organizations for violating the recommendations of Lyngdoh Committee during the recently concluded student council elections. The police department has also forwarded a detailed list of violations committed by student organizations along with proof to the university authorities. The list of violations is based on the the report of field staff and the CID wing of the police department.Police sources said prime violations among others include presence of outsiders who were supporters of two main student bodies, SOPU and PUSU, throwing parties for students before the elections, use of expensive vehicles, besides campaign materials like pamphlets, posters, banners and hoardings.According to Lyngdoh Committee recommendations, the maximum permitted amount that can be spent by each candidate is Rs 5,000. Though no major violence was reported during the student elections, the extravagant election campaign by student leaders had raised eyebrows. Dean, Student Welfare (DSW), PU, Amrik Singh Ahluwalia said, \"The detailed list of violations has been received and it will be discussed in the grievances' committee of PU. We have two weeks time for considering the list and taking a decision.\" The list has also been seen by PU vice-chancellor Arun Grover.A senior police official said the violations had started being noticed a week before the scheduled elections and a detailed report was sent to the university by UT DGP, P K Srivastva, on September 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16417309", "title": "Sedition law is against spirit of democracy", "text": "I was convicted of sedition (section 124 of the IPC) on December 24 (Christmas eve), 2009, and awarded life imprisonment by the additional sessions judge, Raipur. I had already spent two years in jail as an undertrial before the Supreme Court granted me bail. Following my conviction, another four months was spent in a solitary cell before the Supreme Court suspended the sentence and granted bail, remarking in the process that there did not seem to be any evidence against me. A hearing of my appeal in the Chhattisgarh High Court is now awaited.Afew days ago, human rights organizations gathered in Delhi to welcome back from jail Seema Azaad, the general secretary of the UP PUCL. She had also been convicted of sedition and awarded life sentence on the basis of some innocuous documents found in her possession , and then was granted bail by the Allahabad High Court after having spent two-and-a-half years in jail.I was reminded of all these events when i joined the Mumbai Press Club to greet the young cartoonist, Aseem Trivedi, following his release from jail on September 12. He had spent four days in jail after being charged with sedition , allegedly because of the content of some of his cartoons . These charges were deemed to be so patently absurd that Aseem's incarceration aroused a storm of protest, resulting in his prompt release.Sedition is said to have occurred when any attempt is made to bring the government of the day into disaffection . Mohandas Gandhi was convicted of sedition by the British Imperial government in 1922. Arguing his own case, Gandhi told the judge that he had no affection for the British government and, moreover, he felt it was his duty to inform his fellow citizens as to why he had no affection for it. While convicting Gandhi, the British judge felt it necessary to apologize to Gandhi for his act, to which he was bound by his duty as a judge.Such stories are part of the folklore of sedition, and create the impression that sedition is about well-known or relatively resourceful people standing up to a bumbling state power. Nothing could be further from the truth. The most important lesson i learnt in jail was that there are vast numbers of people accused of sedition and incarcerated for this reason. To take just one example, several hundred very ordinary men and women participating in the peaceful anti-nuclear agitation in Kudankulam have been charged with sedition.The state today stands guarantor, under the doctrine of eminent domain , to a country-wide process of expropriation of common property resources -- land, water, forest, minerals and traditional knowledge such as knowledge of biodiversity. Communities, whose survival is dependent on their access to common property resources, find their survival threatened by this process of expropriation. Resisting this process becomes key to the survival of these communities , and the law of sedition is one of the important resources deployed by the state in order to suppress this entirely legitimate resistance. Communities cannot be expected to acquiesce in their own extinction, but the state seems perfectly prepared to deploy its resources, both juridical and military, in order to ensure that its writ should run.The application of sedition is also contrary to the spirit of a democratic polity. After all, the process of building up political alternatives has to be based on holding -- and advocating -- views that are contrary to those held by the current holders of power. Sedition serves the power holder very well, because any heterodox opinion can promptly be limited by being safely put away. Human rights workers and their organizations across the country have come together to press for repeal of the sedition law and other similar laws. They are jointly engaged in a signature campaign, and a series of public meetings, to petition Parliament for the prompt repeal of these archaic and antidemocratic legal formulations, which constitute a real danger to the development of a genuinely democratic polity.The writer is an academician, pediatrician and a human rights activist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16417157", "title": "The eat is on", "text": "Hey Bangalore, get ready for a date with some of the city's top rated restaurants. The one week in the year when you can afford to eat at fine dining hot spots without it hurting your wallet too much is around the corner.Restaurant Week Bangalore, from September 24 to September 30, part of the pan-India culinary event, Restaurant Week India (RWI), will see 17 of the city's finest eateries come together to present a bespoke dining experience at a fraction of the cost that one would have otherwise spent. This is the first year wherein the event is being held on a large scale in Namma Bengaluru, after having done a pilot run last year around the same time.Participating restaurants in the city will offer a threecourse prix fixe (set) menu during lunch and dinner with an option of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes at a price of Rs 750 per head. This price, excludes taxes, service and items ordered outside the prix fixe menu. The prices in Mumbai and Delhi are Rs 1,000 plus taxes per head (for lunch) and Rs 1,200 plus taxes per head (for dinner). According to 30-year old Chef Nachiket Shetye, partner at 36 Oak &amp; Barley restaurant, Mumbai, and co-founder of RWI, \"Pricing across restaurants in Bangalore is very competitive as compared prices of restaurants in Mumbai and Delhi. One can get to eat at any of the big restaurants in the city starting from Rs 1,200 per head. Hence, we needed to price it below that benchmark price.\"Shetye and Mangal Dalal,29, co-founder RWI spent a week in the city sampling around two to three restaurants during lunch and dinner each day, before finalizing on the list of participating restaurants.\"The chefs present us their signature dishes, we try them and if we like them we go ahead and include that restaurant. A lot of restaurants want to participate and get in touch with us, but we don't take all on board for the heck of it. We only choose those who's pricing, food and brand matches our selection criteria,\" explains Shetye.The 17-participating restaurants (listed in the table), will cumulatively have on offer close to 700 tables, which translates to around 2,400 covers (a cover being one seat), during the week long event. Last year RWI did 6,500 covers, and this time the event aims is to touch 10,000 covers across Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore. While Mumbai has 29 participating restaurants, Delhi has 24.\"As a student in New York, Restaurant Week New York was the week to look forward too as you get the chance to dine at the best restaurants in the city at a price, which then was as low as $10 per head,\" recollects Manu Chandra , executive chef, Olive Beach and co-owner Monkey Bar and Likethatonly. According to Chandra, the concept of Restaurant Week India has had an impact among diners in Mumbai and Delhi, as participating restaurants do see a fare amount of new customers going back to dine at the restaurants post the event.Reservations for Restaurant Week Bangalore can only be made online through RWI's website www.restau rantweekindia.com starting September 16, 2012. It is to be noted that table reservations are restricted only to two, three and four, and people are discouraged from booking at the same restaurant more than once, in order to try out all the participating restaurants.\"For us (restaurants) this is an excellent opportunity to reach out to customers, as it gives us an opportunity to create a special menu and offer it at a special price. When an event like this happens there is a lot of buzz, activity, and a lot of attention that it garners and hence restaurants are able to get a lot more footfalls from beyond regular customers,\" says chef Abhijit Saha of Avant Garde Hospitality, which runs fine dining restaurants Caperberry and Fava. Corroborating the point Virender Razdan, GM, ITC Windsor, says, \"Our participation in Restaurant Week Bangalore will definitely help us reach out to newer audiences in city.\" To be held simultaneously in Mumbai and Delhi, the concept of RWI has been inspired by the internationally acclaimed concept Restaurant Week New York, which celebrates its 20th edition this year. Restaurant Week India took off with Restaurant Week Mumbai in September 2010 and since then the event is held twice a year in Mumbai and Delhi. Next year Bangalore too will play host to the event twice.\"Restaurant Week is a concept we have borrowed from events that have happened across the globe. It started in 1992 in New York, and then spread across South America , Europe, and in Asia, Singapore was the first to do a Restaurant Week in 2010,\" Shetye. Elaborating on the concept, he says, \"RWI offers people the opportunity to dine at the city's most aspirational restaurants at more affordable prices.\" Dalal adds, \"More importantly, it is a week-long celebration of the culinary scene in each city - a time for us to be proud of our finest restaurants.\"PARTICIPANTSBaluchi,The Lalit Ashok Bene,Sheraton Benjarong,Ulsoor Road Blue Ginger,The Taj West End Cafe Noir,UB City Caperberry,Dickenson Road Dakshin,ITC Windsor Dum Pukht,ITC Windsor Fava,UB City Graze, Taj Vivanta, MG Road Likethatonly,Whitefield Mynt,The Taj West End Olive Beach,Ashok Nagar The Pink Poppadom,Hotel Ista Shiro,UB City Sunny's ,Vittal Mallya Road Teppan,Ulsoor RoadSIGNATURES ON OFFERSoy Glazed Pork Ribs (Braised &amp; finished with Grape &amp; Soy Glaze) - LIKETHATONLY Interpretation of Meen Moilee (turmeric grilled red snapper, tamrind rice, tomato chutney, savoury coconut milk panna cotta)- CAPERBERRY Kacche koyale ka khargosh (Char grilled rabbit Baluch style)- BALUCHI Crabmeat and Guacamole mix salad served with roasted slice of breads and homemade fried potato chips - CAFE NOIR Prawn with kaffir lime (Prawn stir fried with lemongrass, galangal, fresh red chilies and kaffir leaves) - SHIRO Coorg Chicken and Kasundi Fish with Ghee Bhath - THE PINK POPPADOM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415413", "title": "Sea of faithful expected today as Bandra Fair comes to an end", "text": "MUMBAI: Sunday marks the end of the week-long Bandra Fair that surrounds the celebration of Our Lady of the Mount in Bandra. More than 1 lakh people are expected to throng the hill-top shrine and fill the seafront promenade on Sunday.Each day, thousands of devotees from all parts of the city have been converging at the Mount Mary Basilica for to seek 'darshan' of Mother Mary since her birthday celebrations began on September 8. Special Novena prayers were held across this and other churches across the city in the run-up to the festival.Cecilia Rodrigues, a senior citizen who lives in the neighbouring Mount Unique Apartment, cannot help being amazed at the faith that drives lakhs of devotees up the mount each year. \"The numbers are only increasing. We watch them come from all parts of the world, some senior citizens, some young couples, others carrying babies in arms, and we pray that Mother Mary grants their wishes,\" she says.However, the overwhelming \"ocean of people\", as she calls it, does deter residents from stepping out during the last three or four days of the fair. \"I do visit the basilica for the Novena but not after the fair starts. We are given car passes but the sight of the entire road filled with an unending procession of people precludes the possibility of going out, particularly in the evening,\" she laughs.Arup Sarbadhikary, who heads a local residents' association, says he has offered to design proper hawking spaces for vendors selling eatables along the seafront in a garden nearby. \"We have offered to seek funds to design not just stalls but also toilets and drinking water amenities. But the authorities are not sure if they can allow a public garden to be used for this, even if it be temporary,\" he says.Sarbadhikary has a word of praise for the local authorities.\"I must say the traffic is extremely well managed. There was a time I would leave town during the fair, for the duration of the festival but this year I stayed back. The promenade witnesses vast crowds of people, including gypsies and beggars.The BMC, police and traffic department are doing a wonderful job of managing the crowds,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "16415876", "title": "CBI raids Anil Salgaocar's offices in Goa in connection with Bellary mining case", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: Three teams of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) raided the Margao and Panaji offices of Salgaonkar Mining Industries Pvt Ltd (SMI) and the Vasco office of Mallikarjun Shipping Pvt Ltd on Saturday in connection with illicit iron ore exports from Karnataka's Belekeri port. SMI is owned by Goa mining baron and former Sanvordem MLA (Independent) Anil Salgaocar.The raids were part of 17 such conducted by CBI across Goa and Karnataka on companies allegedly involved in illegal mining in Karnataka's Bellary district.The Karnataka Lokayukta report on illegal mining had pointed out to illegal ore seized by the forest department in Bellary and other places that was exported from the Belekeri port near Karwar in Karnataka, bordering Goa. Taking cognizance of this the Supreme Court had appointed a central empowered committee (CEC) to investigate and submit its report. The CEC, after its inquiry, had requested the SC to ask the CBI to investigate further, and on the apex court's directions the CBI registered an FIR on Friday and conducted the raids.Speaking to STOI, Salgaocar confirmed the \"searches\" and said his company had paid all the forest tax and royalty before the iron ore was exported from Belekeri port. He claimed that the firm's documents were being verified by the CBI only because it had exported from the Belekeri port. \"We have submitted all our data to the CBI. We are not involved in illegal exports from Belekeri,\" said Salgaocar.CBI sources said three search teams of 10 members each were constituted to conduct the raids in Goa. \"Local CBI officials were also part of the raiding party,\" said sources.The raids started at 11.15am. While in Margao and Vasco the searches ended by afternoon, at Altinho in Panaji, the raid went on till around 5pm. Sources said that as sleuths began the search at Altinho, the staff were asked by CBI officers to assemble on the first floor of the plush SMI office building. When Salgaocar reached the office, he reportedly asked the officers why they had asked his staff to stay on one floor when it was already lunch time. He also informed the officers that being a Saturday his staff were to work just half-day.In Margao, where the search ended by 1.15 pm, CBI sources told STOI that similar searches would be conducted on companies involved in ore exports from the Belekeri port. \"We want to verify certain documents,\" a source said. Sources added that the various documents seized in the Goa raids will be sent to Bangalore where the CBI is expected to verify them. Documents have been seized from raids on exporters, stockyard owners and mining companies, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16415467", "title": "One more swine flu death in city", "text": "BHOPAL: Swine flu claimed another victim, a 45-year-old woman, in the city,. With this death on Saturday, the death toll from the disease went to four in last six March, according to health officials. Meanwhile, swine flu scare continued in the state capital where six more samples of suspected H1N1 cases were sent to the ICMR laboratory at Jabalpur.According to health officials, the woman who was admitted to a private hospital last week, died on Saturday morning. However, a 26-year-old man who was found positive for swine flu on Friday, is recovering, said a health official. The condition of all six suspected patients in different hospitals in the city is stated to be critical.Accepting that the swine flu contagion is now endemic, district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla said that facilities in 13 private and two government hospitals, including Hamidia and JP hospital are well equipped handle swine flu cases.On Saturday, district integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP) office sent six more samples of suspected swine flu cases for tests to regional medical research centre (RMRC), Jabalpur. So far 12 people in Bhopal and some 35 people in the state have been found positive for swine flu. The disease in the state claimed eight people.BOX:BMHRC to accept Swine Flu patientsDistrict CMHO Dr Pankaj Shukla has asked the Bhopal memorial hospital and research centre (BMHRC) to treat swine flu victims. \"Earlier the BMHRC had refused to accept swine flu victims citing non-availability of specialists,\" said Dr Shukla. He said even though JP hospital and Hamidia hospital lacked speciality staff, H1N1 patients were being treated there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16416555", "title": "UP won't allow FDI in retail: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reiterating the Samajwadi Party's opposition to foreign direct investment in the retail sector, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday said his government would not allow its implementation in the state.Speaking at a press conference organised on the completion of six months of Samajwadi government in UP, Akhilesh said that though the party supports the UPA II alliance on keeping communal forces out of power, the party has opposed the hike in diesel prices and FDI. Akhilesh, however, evaded questions on the incumbent government's decision to roll back Value Added Tax on diesel, in a bid to lessen the tax burden on UP's residents.Responding to queries on SP's support to UPA on FDI, Akhilesh said: \"The decision to continue or withdraw support to the UPA alliance will be taken by party national president Mulayam Singh Yadav .'' The CM also added that though the SP government was opposing FDI in retail to protect the interest of small and marginal retailers, it would welcome FDI in power and road sectors.The chief minister also denied that there was any pending proposal in UP in this area. \"People have met us and expressed an interest in investing in UP. However, these meetings were nothing more than courtesy calls,'' he added.On completing six months in power, Akhilesh also, on Saturday, released a 48-page booklet documenting the Samajwadi government's achievements across sectors. Speaking to the press, Akhilesh said his government had overcome economic and social challenges to ensure that all the promises made by SP in its election manifesto were, in fact, implemented in letter and spirit. \"We took over the reins of the state when the state exchequer was in poor shape. Despite that, we have managed to improve the statistics and give direction to development initiatives,'' he said.Listing the resumption of 'janata darshan' and the move to give greater freedom to the bureaucracy as among the major achievements of the state government during the first six months, Akhilesh also said that the biggest development in the Samajwadi government would be in the sector of roads. He said: \"We have already started constructing roads in the state. The alignment of the Lucknow-Agra highway has also been finalised. Many other projects are also underway.''Acknowledging that media reports on the performance of the government as a barometer of his success, the chief minister also said they served as a wake-up call for him and his team. Reacting to questions on the government's stand on law and order concerns, Akhilesh said he was mindful of his government's responsibility in ensuring law and order and peace were maintained in the state.Calling it unfortunate, Akhilesh also said that stringent action would be initiated against all persons found responsible for the violence in Ghaziabad on Friday night, where several people died and many were injured. \"Action will be taken, regardless of the person's rank,\" Akhilesh said.Saying his government had taken proactive steps in making plans to give 3,000 ambulances to the state, distributing the unemployment allowance, finalising the industrial policy, paying a portion of the cane arrears and distribution of laptops to students from November were major steps taken by the state government in the six months it has been in power.In an important pro-farmer decision, Akhilesh also announced that all farmers in the state would now get free access to water from government-run canals and tubewells, for irrigation.The scheme, he said, would be effective retrospectively, from April 1, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16421131", "title": "It is easier to be on mat rather than facing camera: Sushil Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sushil Kumar has been busy shooting for different brands following his record successive medal-winning performance at the London Games, but the unassuming grappler says it is easy to be on the mat rather than facing a camera.\"I am adept at my art, but to face a camera was a bit difficult. It was very challenging to start with. But like I have mastered my trade, I am trying to cope with the camera also,\" Sushil said.Asked if Sushil Kumar the brand has made him to think differently, the modest-to-the-core wrestler from Delhi replied in negative.\"I don't feel that should be a criteria to behave differently. I believe I am one among the family so there is no question of thinking that way,\" said Sushil, as he emerged out of the field after having a tough football match against his friend Yogeshwar Dutt and company at the Chhatrasal Stadium.The 29-year-old, who became the first Indian athlete to win back-to-back medals in the Olympics, after clinching a silver at the recently-concluded London Games, said that he has worked hard to get his share of endorsements.\"A lot of effort has gone to reach to this stage. It has been a very strenuous journey. I don't think there is anything wrong in this as long as you are focussed on your goal,\" said Sushil, even as he failed to conceal the pain of losing out on the opportunity to win a gold at the Games.\"There are still some years of wrestling left in me and my next aim would be 2016 Olympics. I would definitely wish to give my 100 per cent there,\" he insisted.Sushil lost 1-3 to Tatsuhiro Yonemitsu of Japan in the finals of the 66kg freestyle category after reportedly suffering from acute dehydration.Asked if the wrestlers need to guard against complacency, after their boxing peers drew a blank in London after finishing on a high in the previous Olympics in Beijing, Sushil said the next four years would in no way be different from the past.\"We were extremely focussed at our job and practiced really hard for the London Games. I don't think the coming years would be any different. We have done it in past and I see no reason why we cannot do it at Rio de Janeiro,\" he said.Sushil also reposed faith on the pugilists saying that the likes of Vijender Singh will come back strongly in the next Games.Asked how life has changed after the London Olympics, Sushil said, \"There is more recognition. People from all across the country have showered great love upon me. My phone has continuously been abuzz with congratulatory messages and requests for being part of various felicitation ceremonies.\"And what advice he would like to give the younger generation of grapplers, Sushil said, \"Be disciplined, focus on your goal and work hard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415839", "title": "US agency honours works of J C Bose and C V Raman", "text": "KOLKATA: Sir Jagadish Chandra Bose's work on microwave and millimeter wave and Raman Effect by Sir Chandrasekhar Venkata Raman was honoured by the New York-based Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) on Saturday.Peter Staeker, the president (elect) of IEEE, handed over milestone plaques to Presidency University vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar and to the authorities of the Indian Association for Cultivation of Science (IACS) in recognition of the works of Bose and Raman respectively.In 1895, Bose first demonstrated at the then Presidency College the transmission and reception of electromagnetic waves at 60 GHz over a distance of 23 meters. Addressing the gathering at Presidency, Staeker said IEEE recognises the fact that Bose had introduced MM Wave technique at least 50 years before anyone else did.Director of Bose Institute, Sivaji Raha, said: \"Bose's invention only proves that if one is dedicated to his or her work, resource crunch is never a problem.\"Sarkar said the milestone plaque will be kept in the main building, near the Acharya Prafulla Chandra Roy plaque, which was awarded to the university by the Royal Society of Chemistry in UK.Raman had researched at IACS after joining the Indian Financial Service as an assistant auditor general for the government of India in 1907. IACS, which was then situated at 210 Bowbazar Street, was shifted to 2A Raja SC Mullick Road opposite Jadavpur University. The old building was demolished and Goenka College of Commerce &amp; Business Administration was constructed there. Now, the only reminder of the Nobel Laureate's link to the spot is a plaque that was unveiled by the then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1988.She added, \"The receiving of the plaque is an acknowledgement. Oxford, Cambridge and Harvard have produced generations of great people and activists. Presidency is also a rare institute in India which has produced stalwarts who are internationally recognised. Bose is one of them,\" said an elated Sarkar.With IEEE awarding the two milestone plaques on Saturday, India has been firmly placed on the global map.Till now, only Japan and South Korea from the Asia Pacific region had received such recognition from IEEE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16416777", "title": "\u2018Talk on Telecom Policy\u2019 held", "text": "KANPUR: A Talk on Telecom Policy - 2012 and its Challenges by Rakesh Kumar Upadhyay, Chairman &amp; Managing Director BSNL to students of Gaur Hari Singhania Institute of Management and Research held here on Saturday.While addressing the audience, RK Upadhyay mentioned about liberalization and how it helped India getting global exposure. He said that the contribution of the telecom industry towards the GDP is enormous. He talked about National Telecom Policy (NTP) 2012 which aims that every citizen of India will have access to telecom services by the year 2020.RK Upadhyay, in his address discussed the finer points of broad band innovations and explained the career opportunities for managers in this field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16417425", "title": "Anti-US protests trigger panic in J&K; Christian schools", "text": "AMRITSAR: Anti-American protests in Kashmir valley have triggered fear in Christian educational institutes in the state and these institutes have urged the government to ensure safety of the schools.\"We have apprehension of violence against Christian institutions which are mistakenly identified with the West, especially with America,\" said deputy moderator, Church of North India, PK Samantaroy while talking to TOI on Saturday. In 2010, an angry mob in Kashmir had burnt Tyndale Biscoe School, Tangmarg, in J&K; following reports of Quran burning in the US.On Friday thousands of Muslims in Kashmir had staged protests against alleged an anti-Islam film titled 'Innocence of Muslims', which reportedly ridicules Islam and mocks Prophet Mohammed. Samantaroy, who is also chairman of Tyndale Biscoe and Mallinson School Education Society, which runs two schools in Kashmir and one in Tangmarg, said the anti-American protests had threatened the future of nearly 8,000 students.While stating that no one should be allowed to hurt religious sentiments of any community, he said, \"The religious leaders of the Valley should advise people to maintain peace and not to indulge in activities that could further aggravate the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16417041", "title": "In search of a 'repackaged' Gandhi?", "text": "Two weeks from now, some 50 people from about eight states (and a few foreigners as well) are expected to congregate at Bhitiharwa in West Champaran district and set out on a 'padyatra' to Motihari in East Champaran. These enthusiasts will walk along the road Gandhi travelled in the 1920s. They will leave Bhitiharwa on October 2 and reach Motihari by October 18.\"We will walk through 16 villages along the way, meeting the inhabitants. These are the villages that Gandhi had worked in. Three of these villages - Bhitiharwa, Barharwa Lakhnasen and Madhuban - have schools founded by the Mahatma,\" says 31-year-old Birendra Soni, a 'Bapu Sevak' who is leading the campaign. Gandhi Shodh Sansthan (GSS), in tandem with Gandhi Research Foundation and facilitated by Soni and a team of 6 youngsters, has organized several innovative programmes around Mahatma Gandhi in an effort to bring his message to the rural youth.About 143 years after Mohandas Gandhi's birth, the question is whether the Mahatma should be repackaged for popular consumption. Is Gandhian thought relevant at all?Last October, junior school students of one of Patna's well-known girl schools were asked to write letters to Mahatma Gandhi. The activity wasn't a mere exercise in composition. It was an attempt to find out whether 10 to 12-year-olds 'connect' to the Mahatma.Design expert Amitabh Pandey who initiated the project, was amazed to discover the depth of feeling in some of the letters. In several of the letters, the kids seemed to be addressing a benign grandfather or head of the household. A student wrote about the double standards being practised within her own home. \"If you come to my house today, you will hear my mother talk in public about serving the poor, but at home we're not allowed to talk to the domestic help,\" she wrote. Another wrote, \"Bapu, if you were here today, you would surely be sad to see the corruption in our free India.\" Yet another child asked Gandhiji to visit her house and tell her grandmother to treat girls and boys alike. \"Please tell her that we girls are also very useful and can keep up the family name.\"\"Gandhi is definitely relevant in the context of social work and education,\" says Soni, who holds a master's degree in social work from Mumbai's prestigious Nirmala Niketan, and is the former Asia-Pacific coordinator of UCP-SARnet of Arizona State University , \"We are in the process of setting up a unique college of social work in West Champaran that will catalyse a Gandhian model of development in the surrounding villages.\"For Punita, a student of political science at Narkatiaganj (West Champaran) who trains school students in operating the 'charkha' or Gandhian spinning wheel at the GSS, her work is as relevant as the freedom struggle itself. A Tharu tribal, Punita talks about empowering her people in the Gandhian way. \"We have a modern version of the Gandhi charkha in a box, which is easy to carry and set up. There is regular spinning sessions at GSS. Kids of all ages can learn to spin yarn. It is so easy. Women are also very interested. Even during the training sessions, we manage to make about 2 kilos of thread per week.\"Soon, more spinning wheels are to make their debut in Bhitiharwa panchayat, and the yarn will be supplied to a hungry handloom industry. This is the first step towards self-sufficiency, she believes.The government of Bihar is keen to promote 'Gandhi Circuit' and it is just a matter of time when Champaran will be on the world tourist map. Gandhi, the icon, will provide many opportunities for the young.Tushar Gandhi, the Mahatma's grandson once told The Times of India, \"Anna Hazare brought back the Gandhi topi into fashion and the youth christened him 'Aaj ka Gandhi' and 'Doosra Gandhi'. Bapu believed in the purity of means to achieve noble ends. Anna showcased that as long as the ends were noble, the means did not matter. This, Bapu would never agree with. Bapu is not a pop icon who can be repackaged, nor a matinee idol who can undergo an image makeover and become appealing again. Bapu is a philosophy, a way of life which needs to be understood and imbibed according to one's ability. When this happens, Bapu will automatically become relevant and appealing. Bapu can't be taught, he must be learnt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16416688", "title": "Man collects money issuing fake bills, held", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old man was on Friday arrested for collecting money from those quarrying and transporting sand using bullock carts after issuing fake bills near Wallajahbad in Kancheepuram. A police team led by Wallajahbad poice inspector D Kannan found the bills issued in the name of public works department to be fake.Based on a complaint by Ve Shanmugam, assistant engineer of the PWD, police arrested M Gnanavel of Vallapakkam. Police also seized three fake bill books from him. Police said Gnanavel had been collecting 50 to 100 from bullock cart owners for quarrying sand from the Palar riverbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "shirdi", "code": "16421336", "title": "ISRO scientist visits Shirdi after success of 100th mission", "text": "SHIRDI: S Veeraraghavan, directer of Vikram Sarabhai Space Center, who recently visited the famous Saibaba temple here, said he had come to \"thank\" for the ISRO'S 100th successful mission.\"We scientists and engineers do our best and leave rest to the God. After the mission, I thought I should come here, take his blessings, and particularly after this very successful mission, I should be thanking for the success,\" Veeraraghavan said, after visiting the temple on Friday night.Last Sunday, Indian Space Research Organisation's launch vehicle 'PSLV-C21' placed in orbit two foreign satellites -- French spacecraft SPOT 6 and Japanese micro satellite PROITERES -- from Sriharikota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416609", "title": "Deadlock over in-house exams", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A disagreement between UT and Panjab University over in-house exams, has put students of city colleges in a fix. While exams in certain colleges have been delayed by over two weeks due to this, the deadlock between the UT higher education department and PU syndicate continues.Students, in the meanwhile, will be required to appear for September and December exams this year and marks obtained in these tests would be added in the marks of final exams to be conducted by PU in March 2013. This will be applicable in both government and private colleges.In the last syndicate meeting, it was decided to form a committee to review the recommendation of UT director higher education, which was to do away with in-house exams. This was preceded by heated discussions on the matter in the meeting.A disagreement between UT and Panjab University over in-house exams, has put students of city colleges in a fix.\"The colleges are required to meet the criteria of 180 teaching days in a year, according to the norms of university grants commission. There has to be a mechanism devised where resources and money of the administration is not wasted. Close to two and half months are wasted on both these exams,\" said Ajoy Sharma, DHE, UT.As an experiment this year, the DHE had proposed to introduce the system of continuous evaluation through presentations instead of the September in-house exams in four government colleges. \"We will have exams this year as per the directions received by the colleges from UT and PU. We already have a system of presentations and projects in class,\" says Achila Dogra, principal of Post Graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 11.PU officials and syndics claim that the matter must first be thoroughly reviewed by the board of studies and other academic bodies, who directly deal with the issue.\"Since there are assigned bodies for handling all academic affairs for all subjects, the matter must be first reviewed by them before it is brought to the notice of the syndicate. It was decided to review the matter since an immediate action could not be taken on it,\" said Ashok Goyal, PU syndicate and senate member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16416075", "title": "Centre clears 750-cr ship repairing facility at Cochin Port Trust", "text": "KOCHI: The Centre has accorded sanction to the proposal of the Cochin Shipyard Ltd to set up a ship repairing facility at Cochin Port Trust as part of the shipyard's expansion plans, Union minister for shipping G K Vasan said here on Friday.Speaking at the session on ports, ship building and logistics at the Emerging Kerala meet, Vasan said the proposal of the shipyard had been approved by the Centre on Thursday. About Rs 750 crore is expected to be invested by the Centre.The state government will set up a coastal shipping fund to finance construction of ships, said minister for ports, fisheries and excise K Babu. The government has decided to provide incentives to operators engaged in coastal shipping on per tonne km of cargo basis. The shippers will also get discounts in port charges. \"Financial assistance in the form of soft loans of 2% interest for seven years up to an amount of 40% of the total construction cost of the vessel is being considered. Up to 80% of the construction cost will be offered on 10% interest and for this we are establishing a Coastal Shipping Fund,\" Babu said.The most important among the projects is diverting the cargo movement in the state to coastal shipping, integrated with inland waterways using coastal and river vessels. In Kerala, over-sized cargo, dangerous cargo and inflammables are transported through densely populated areas. \"To reduce the risk in cargo transport, to decongest the roads and to prevent environmental degradation, the government proposes to divert at least 20% of the cargo through coastal shipping by 2015 and 40% by 2020,\" he said.\"The coastal traffic potential through the non-major ports of the state is estimated to be 4.64 million during 2012-14 and 7 million by 2019-20. The target is proposed to be achieved by a three-pronged strategy of modern infrastructure, incentives and institution building,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16422116", "title": "Airtel launches voice based navigation service", "text": "CHENNAI: Airtel has launched a new app that enables its users to view their location on a map and plan the route from one place to another. Termed SmartDrive, it is assisted by a voice based turn by turn navigation that gives real time information updates on traffic situation on roads around. It also suggests the subscriber an alternate route in case of traffic congestion on the normal route.It is the first time an operator in the country is offering its own app for real time traffic flow information. It covers information about points of interest (POI), voice based navigation and live traffic information. Traffic is calculated basis the number of GPS devices being used on the particular road and their average speed and historical trends of traffic. Currently, it is live in Delhi &NCR;, Mumbai and Bangalore and will be live in Hyderabad, Chennai and Pune by December.It can record all trips you make when using voice navigation for later reference. You can also access Wikipedia information of places as well as weather information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16418702", "title": "'Do not teach English prematurely to kids'", "text": "MUMBAI: In the Programme for International Student Assessment ( Pisa) international competition for children learning, India came 72nd out of 73 countries. The Annual Status of Education Report (Aser 2011) reveals that the proportion of Class 5 children able to read a Class 2 text has fallen from 53.7% in 2010 to 48.2% in 2011.The proportion of Class 3 students able to do simple subtraction sums is down from 36.3% to 29.9%.India is bidding to be a superdunce rather than superpower.The governments two flagship programmes,Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and the Right to Education Act,emphasize huge spending on school infrastructure and teacher training.But learning outcomes have not improved at all despite Rs 100,000 crore of extra spending in the last five years.One answer is to make teachers more accountable for results.But politicians of all parties fear teachers unions,and dare not discipline them. Instead,politicians pretend that higher spending is the solution. Desperate parents find free governments schools so bad that they have shifted massively to private schooling.The proportion of children in private schools is up from 18.7% to 25.6%,with another 26% going for private tuitions.The puzzle is that not even the huge shift to private paid education shows up in improved learning outcomes. Many research studies (eg.Muralidharan and Kremer,Tooley and Dixon) have found that private schools yield better learning outcomes.But this is not vindicated at the national level in ASERs surveys.Can so many researchers be wrong Can millions of parents be wrong We need more research to find answers.Maybe research studies so far have focused on relatively strong states.Maybe outcomes have improved in higher classes but not yet in elementary schools. Maybe the shift to private schools will improve outcomes with a lag. A fourth possibility is that states and private schools have shifted prematurely to teaching English,or teaching in the English medium.Poor parents desperately want their children to learn English.Thousands of private schools have come up,especially in the Hindi belt,with outlandish names like Saint Convent School,or even Popatlal Convent School.But not even the teachers in such schools know decent English. Some state governments have made English compulsory in Class 1.But premature teaching of English may worsen all learning. Educationist Helen Abadzi writes people must be able to read one word per second,or per 1.5 seconds at the outside,to be functional readers.If they read more slowly than that,they find that they have forgotten the beginning of their sentence by the time they reach the end... If they cannot read fast enough,then all their mental attention is taken up in decoding the letters. If a child cannot read quickly,it cannot follow what textbooks or teachers are conveying.All schooling can bypass such children.They can spend eight years in school and remain functionally illiterate.This sound so much like India! Elite children enter school with a vocabulary of 3,000 words,and can read easily.But poor children start with a vocabulary of just 500 words,and struggle to read.Teaching English in Class 1 compounds the problem.Here again elite children speaking English at home can easily cope.But a new language devastates poor children,who struggle to read even in their mother tongue.They may fail to acquire the minimum required speed (one word per second) for comprehension.Such children will obviously have poor learning outcomes. But children who learn to read fluently in their mother tongue can easily learn English later.In an experiment in Zambia ,some children were taught both English and the local language in Class1,while others started English writing only in Class 2.The difference was astounding.The first group had reading scores two grades below the standard benchmark in English,and three grades lower in the local language.But where English was introduced later,English reading and writing scores shot up 575% above the benchmark in Class 1,2,417% in Class 2,and 3,300 % in Class 3.Scores in the local language showed leaped up too.This system was extended to all Zambian schools. Lesson: start with mother tongue,and introduce English later.The issue in India is not Hindi vs English.Rather,a good Hindi foundation improves English learning later.The trap to avoid is premature introduction of English,or teaching in the English medium to children who dont speak it. Is premature English teaching an important reason for the failure of high government spending and private education to improve learning outcomes I suspect so. But we need fresh research and experimentation to find out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415277", "title": "Doctors discuss ways of managing lung cancer", "text": "NAGPUR: Before Yuvraj Singh's struggle with it brought the attention to one of the deadliest forms of cancer - lung cancer, Rashtrasant Tukdoji Regional Cancer Hospital had sounded warning bells over the increasing incidence of the disease in Central India.The registry data of the hospital - dated May 2012 - puts the percentage share of lung cancer in the region close to 7%. This was the reason for the hospital to organiz a CME on the recent advances in the management of lung cancer, on Saturday.\"The disease is the third biggest cause of deaths in the country. This will only increase with more exposureto factors like obesity , stress , tobacco and consumption of pesticides along with food,\" said oncologist and director of the hospital Dr Shantanu Chaudhuri. Agreed joint director Dr BK Sharma and said, \"Until a couple of years back, the number of people affected by lung cancer was very few in comparison to the incidence of the disease currently.\"Talking of surgical management of lung cancer, oncologist Dr Prasanna Joshi informed the doctors that unlike in the West where patients are identified in early stages of the disease, the advanced stage detection of the disease in India makes surgery an unviable treatment option. Oncologist Dr Pranay Taori informed of the treatment options available like chemotherapy, radiation and the modalities of providing them.Oncopathologist Dr Mahesh Deshmukh spoke about the advanced diagnostic tools. \"Earlier, it was possible to detect the disease only through endoscopy, bronchoscopy or analysis of sputum. Now, we can use advanced scanning and imaging devices,\" he said.As pain is a constant companion of lung cancer, various techniques like nerve blocks and radio frequency have to be used to alleviate the pain, informed pain consultant and anesthesiologist Dr Anjali Kolhe, medical superintendant of the hospital.Later, a panel discussion on the disease was organized. The panelists included oncosurgeon Dr Sudhir Deshmuh, Dr Taori, radiation oncologist Dr Sameer Chandorkar, Dr Kolhe and oncopathologist Dr Radhika Pagey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415585", "title": "Corporates join rush to serve", "text": "MUMBAI: 'Success begets success' is a mantra that works not just in the boardroom but in the halls of charity as well. Several individuals, housing societies and corporates have taken the Joy of Giving Week beyond cursory lip service and turned it into a fruitful occasion. Sterling Terraces apartments in Bangalore has devised a week-long Joy of Giving festival for the second year running. Its initiative has grown by leaps and bounds over the years.Volunteer Rajan Narayanan says, \"We will serve food to service personnel including housemaids, drivers, plumbers and flower sellers on October 2. On October 3, 60 ladies from the apartment will fulfil the wishes of 60 children with special needs and give each a winter jacket. On October 4, we will collect a kg of rice, sugar, dal or wheat flour to distribute to a local shelter, host games for children on Oct 6, and repeat our annual food festival as well.\"Inspired by a drive in Ahmedabad, the Design for Change movement of 2009 has inspired 60,000 children, teachers and parents to formulate ideas for rainwater harvesting, anti-superstition drives and environmental causes to finance their school computers. In 2009 about 1,000 schools in one country took part in DFC. In 2010, the number increased to 1,200 schools and in 2011 it was 1,800 schools in 40 countries.The India Giving Challenge (IGC), an online event by GiveIndia, allows individuals and corporate employees, their families and associates to donate as little as Rs 100 if they wish, or raise funds and earn prizes every single day as well.The \"challenge\" in the title seeks to tap the inherent competitiveness within business for it pits rival fundraisers against one another, exhorting them to do better. IGC's Dhaval Udani says, \"We have set a target of Rs 5 crore this year. In the first year we raised Rs 91 lakh from 5,000 donors and progressed to Rs 3 crore from 9,000 donors in 2011. The idea is make it fun for individuals and corporates to give so we have a leader board where the top fundraisers of the day are listed, and this prompts the laggards to catch up by gathering more.\"Two examples in Chennai and Hyderabad have given NGOs a platform to raise funds. The Battle of Buffet event in Chennai brings 100 NGOs on common ground. \"Ten five-star hotels prepare their signature dish and contribute 200 plates of food each. Leading musicians perform free of cost. What the NGOs do is distribute coupons worth Rs 5,000 each to their donors and earn money without investing anything,\" says organiser Marie Banu. Scheduled for October 6, this event will have a performance by singer Srinivas. The popularity of this event has spread to Bangalore as 'Food for Change' this year.In Hyderabad, volunteer K N Chandrashekaran and his team gave the voluntary sector an \"early Christmas\" with the Karmayog Seva Mela. \"We have created a platform for NGOs to share their activities, network and raise funds. We started with 20 NGOs in 2010, went on to 56 last year and are hoping to have 75 this time,\" says Chandrashekharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16420575", "title": "Gurdwara shooting: Senate panel to hold hearing on hate crimes", "text": "WASHINGTON: In the wake of the Wisconsin gurdwara shooting that killed six worshippers, a US Congressional hearing on hate crimes would be held on Wednesday, a move welcomed as \"unprecedented\" and \"monumental\" by Sikh groups and human rights bodies in the country.To be presided over by Senator Dick Durbin , Chairman of the Senate subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Human Rights, the Congressional hearing is being held at the request of Sikh groups, human rights organisations and lawmakers who feel that the August 5 gurdwara shooting in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, was a result of hate crime.On August 21, a diverse group of more than 150 organizations, led by the Sikh Coalition, had requested a Senate hearing on hate crimes and domestic extremism.\"We commend Senator Durbin's leadership in calling for this unprecedented hearing,\" said Amardeep Singh, co-founder and Programme Director for the Sikh Coalition, the nation's largest Sikh civil rights organisation.\"As the tragedy in Oak Creek reminded us, the threat of domestic extremist hate violence is real, ever-present, and growing. The topic of domestic extremist hate violence certainly needs a Senate platform,\" he said.Deepa Iyer, Executive Director of South Asian Americans Leading Together ( SAALT), said her organisation welcomes the hearing and \"commends Senator Durbin's leadership in addressing hate violence and bias against all Americans.\"We join our partner organisations in bringing light to the issue of hate violence which is on the rise, and in providing policy solutions that can make our country a safer place.\"Describing this as a \"monumental hearing\", United Sikhs, a Washington-based Sikh advocacy group, said it is vital that representatives of the Sikh community attend this hearing and demonstrate support, solidarity and the personal interest the community holds regarding hate crimes.\"The Senate hearing is an opportunity for us to voice our opinions, express our concerns and recommend policy changes,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415450", "title": "RTO begins crackdown on tourist buses ferrying cargo illegally", "text": "MUMBAI: With Ganeshotsav round the corner, the Regional Transport Office (RTO) has launched a major drive against tourist buses plying without proper documents and those that carry cargo illegally.In a series of operations on Friday and Saturday, two RTO teams from Wadala searched all buses passing through the Mulund and Vashi toll posts. At least eight bus operators were booked for offences under the Motor Vehicle Act, the permits of some of these buses are likely to be suspended. \"We imposed heavy penalties on the operators. Some of them shelled out Rs 14,000 fines,\" said a senior official.The Wadala RTO will continue its campaign against tourist buses, with hundreds of them expected to leave Mumbai during the weekend. \"The buses we checked on Friday were carrying manufactured goods and garments on rooftops,\" said an official from Wadala RTO, who did not wish to be named, said.\"They buses were headed for various destinations, including Indore, Bengaluru and Hyderabad. We did not inconvenience the passengers and allowed the buses to go after issuing a show-cause notice to the driver.\" The RTO has asked the local operator or travel agent to appear in person and pay the fines at the Wadala office. \"With the penalty being high, it will be a big deterrent for other tourist bus operators, who will have scores of buses leaving for Konkan and outside the state from Saturday,\" an official said. Most buses leave from near Crawford market, Byculla, Sion, Charni Road and Dadar, sources said.Some of the buses booked on Friday were registered in other states and the respective RTOs will be informed about the offences, officials said.Last month, Andheri RTO booked bus operators in the western suburbsThe same RTO, under the supervision of deputy RTO Bharat Kalaskar, had recently caught 28 auto drivers for expired fitness certificates and not carrying proper documents and badges.State transport commissioner V N More said that directives have been issed to Andheri and Wadala RTOs to crack down on tourist buses involved in irregularities, and also to keep tabs on e-meter tampering, expired fitness certificates and illegal autos in suburbs. \"We will take stringent action on offenders,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16420140", "title": "Bring care economy onto the development agenda", "text": "MUMBAI: Women and child development minister Krishna Tirath provoked much public chatter earlier this week by suggesting a proposal that would mandatorily require men to pay their wives a share of their salary. While there may be divergent views on whether such a move is warranted or not, impractical to implement and monitor or even patronizing towards women in many ways, it is indeed time that policy-makers and society at large accorded formal recognition to the role of homemakers in the economy.The debate is not raging in India alone, neither is it new. Wages for housework has been a cornerstone of the women's movement since the 1970s. Some countries like Venezuela have already broken the ceiling. It recognizes housework as 'work' under its Constitution and makes homemakers eligible for 80% of the minimum wages.Yet over four decades since early debates, the jury is still out. \"\"  More formal recognition to care work,\" was an urgent need highlighted by a recently released report \"  Human Wellbeing in the 21st Century,\" by the Bellagio Initiative, a joint collaboration from experts of over 30 countries coordinated by the Institute for Development Studies, the Resource Alliance and the Rockfeller Foundation.The report points out that most care work, whether it is looking after children, senior citizens or community \"receives lip-service, but has no real universal policy traction\". It points out that \"t  his work, often undertaken by women, is systematically undervalued and overlooked in the current development agenda,\" further explaining how such roles become even more overburdened in times of global crises such as the economic slowdown.Tirath's suggestion then may well be a starting point to re-deliberate the issue, in India at least. Maybe it is time for the development community to undertake some collective out-of-the-box thinking and action towards care workers if we are looking at well-being of all, in its true sense.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16415446", "title": "Prompt police action could have avoided Friday clash", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A day after the clashes in Ghaziabad, locals from the Masuri and Dasna areas alleged that the flare-up could have been averted if the police had taken action on time after being informed about the defacement of a religious book. Asked about this, Ghaziabad DM Aparna Upadhyay said, \"A probe is on and allegations of failure of local intelligence and police insensitivity are being verified.\"A pall of gloom has descended on the area and the residents are still in shock. Some people have formed a peace group which is getting in touch with people to dispel any notion that the violence was the result of any acrimony between two communities. \"It is not a communal riot. Some people were dissatisfied with the alleged inaction of the police. But we need to maintain peace and affection in the area. On Saturday, we held meetings and advised people to be calm. They understand our sentiments and are cooperating,\" said Ameen Ali.\"On Friday afternoon, around 12.30 pm, a boy had reportedly found a defaced religious book at the Adhyatmik Nagar halt towards Hapur. The boy had reportedly informed the employees stationed there. Meanwhile, two policemen were also informed about the incident. Minutes after the incident, some pages of a religious book were recovered at the Rafiqabad colony,\" claimed a resident, Saeed. \"The local police failed to control the situation though the police station is a few metres from the colony.\"Even as an imam was suggesting a peaceful remedy to the locals, some decided to go to a local politician. Anger boiled over leading to the violence. Two FIRs have been registered on a complaint filed by one Abdul Qadir . \"It is unfortunate. Nothing like this has happened in our area before,\" said Amina Begam, a local.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16416685", "title": "Man held for kissing neighbour", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a 22-year-old man in Tondiarpet for kissing a woman neighbour.The woman complained that Mathivanan, her neighbour, approached her as if to play with the baby she was holding, and kissed her cheek.She cried aloud and neighbours rushed in. They handed over Mathivanan to the local police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415022", "title": "Foreign inmates pose problems for jailers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Violent in their behaviour, foreign prisoners, lodged at the Central Prison, Chanchalguda, have become a problem for the prison staff. Following an argument, a Nigerian prisoner on Saturday bit an inmate on the shoulder.It is learnt that local undertrial Sonu had asked the Nigerian to move out as he wanted to sweep the barrack floor. However, Augustine, the Nigerian, refused to budge.This resulted in an argument and, suddenly, the enraged Nigerian caught hold of the prisoner and bit him. \"It is a small injury for which treatment was given in the prison itself.At the same time, we have made a police complaint as such behaviour on the part of the Nigerian cannot be overlooked,\" said prison superintendent, B Saidaiah.This is the second such incident to have occurred in recent times at Chanchalguda prison.On September 12, a deputy jailer, Anil Kumar, was attacked by a prisoner from an African country who it is said has psychiatric problems. He punched the deputy jailer in the eye, causing a minor injury.The furious prisoner vent his ire on the deputy jailer while being shifted to a separate cell. After Saturday's incident, the Nigerian prisoner was segregated and lodged in a single cell.There are 10 Nigerians inmates at Chanchalguda jail who are either undertrials in drug racket cases or those facing action for having overstayed in the country upon expiry of their visas.Earlier, all foreign prisoners were lodged in a separate barracks. However, after construction of new blocks at the prison, they are now sharing space with the other prisoners.However, given the recent developments, prison authorities are now thinking of once again segregating them and housing them in separate barracks.The issue though is that the old barracks in the jail are in the process of being dismantled but prison officials said some changes would have to be made to the old barracks so that the Nigerian undertrials can be lodged there for the time being.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16416261", "title": "Three car thieves held near Sohna in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Three youths, who were plotting to steal vehicles on Sohna Road, were arrested by the Sohna crime branch late on Friday night. Police recovered four stolen vehicles, one country-made pistol and a live cartridge from their possession.The accused have been identified as Mannu Kha, Shakir and Kallu, residents of Alimeo village in the Hatheen police station area in Mewat district.According to police, a source had tipped them off that three youths were standing near the Ghanghola village turn by the roadside with the intention of stealing vehicles. A police team soon reached the spot led with Inspector Inderjeet and nabbed the miscreants who were trying to flee. Police recovered a Tata-407, a Tata Sumo , a Jeep and a bike, one country-made pistol and a live cartridge from their possession.\"During the interrogation the accused confessed that they had stolen many two- and four-wheelers from different areas of Gurgaon and surrounding areas,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415943", "title": "Trader abducted from Park Street, Rs 6 lakh ransom demanded", "text": "KOLKATA: In a shocking incident, a 29-year-old trader was whisked away from the busy Park Street area on Saturday evening. Later in the day, they called up the trader's family and demanded Rs 6-lakh ransom to free him.Confirming the abduction, DC south Vishal Garg said: \"We have few specific clues and the abducted person is expected to be rescued soon.\"The trader, identified as Upendra Kumar Ram from Taltala, deals in electronic goods items. According to the complaint lodged by Ram's brother, someone known to his brother called him up late Saturday afternoon and fixed a meeting near Park Street post office. Since Ram reportedly boarded a car from there, it is suspected that someone known to him was present in the car. However, he was whisked away in no time. The miscreants later overpowered him, confined him and got hold of his cellphone. The abductors had called up the hostage's family from Ram's phone and demanded Rs 6 lakh as ransom.Officers of Park Street police station and the detective department have already zeroed in on a place in Howrah where the hostage has been confined. Cops are now probing the business rivalry angle. tnnPolice confirmed that the abductor is known to the victim and probably due to some business rivalry, Ram has been abducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "16415155", "title": "Man kills wife, 2 children before committing suicide", "text": "AKOLA: Fed up with frequent domestic quarrels, a man killed his wife and two children and later committed suicide by hanging himself. The tragic incident occurred at Panhera Wadoda village in Malkapur tehsil of neighbouring Buldhana district in the wee hours of Friday, said police.Raghunath Bagade, 40, was a driver with Malkapur Urban Cooperative Bank. He stabbed his wife, Sharda (38) and five-year-old twins Nikita and Abhijit to death before hanging himself to a tree in a nearby farm. Police said they found something written on Raghunath's hand which had mention of the suicide note with the bank. The suicide note mentions domestic quarrel behind the incident, the police said.Raghunath's eldest daughter Mayuri, a Std V student, was saved as she missed the evening bus to her home and decided to stay at her grandmother's house in Malkapur. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16416016", "title": "Tilaiya Sainik School has sent 800 cadets to NDA", "text": "RANCHI: Schools are the cradle of civilization and this holds true for Sainik School Tilaiya in Koderma district which has proved its worth by producing many quality officers for the defence force and civil society in the past 50 years.Founded in 1963 with the aim to impart quality education to children to groom them for the defence services, the school has sent 800 cadets to the National Defence Academy (NDA) and the army till date. Of them, Lieutenant General Gyan Bhushan is considered to hold the highest position among other alumni till date. Presently serving as the general-officer-commanding in chief of the Army's South Western Command, Bhushan is followed by Lt Gen A K Choudhary, Air Marshal P R Sharma and Lt Gen RN Singh in seniority.Being adjudged as the \"Best Educational Institution\" of Jharkhand in 2007 and the winner of the \"Defence Minister's Trophy\" twice for sending maximum number of cadets to the NDA, the institution has been producing 120 students every year, with many of them having reached the zenith of their career even in civil life.Notable Bollywood director Prakash Jha, an alumnus of the school, gives all credit to the disciplined environment of the school for producing civilized and responsible citizens of the nation out of the general children coming for education to this school.Keeping in view the overall development of the cadets, special curriculum was finalized which includes physical training, mental grooming, psychological orientation and patriotism apart from the usual academic training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16416665", "title": "Experts give info on clinical diagnosis tech", "text": "MOHALI: Indo Global College of Engineering hosted a seminar on \"Emerging trends in Biomedical Engineering.\" The chief guest on the occasion was Dr Amod Kumar, chief scientist and head of biomedical instrumentation at CSIO, Chandigarh. Kumar is an expert in the field of biomedicine with a doctorate from IIT Delhi and over 33 years of research experience in development of different instruments in the areas of process control, biomedical engineering and prosthetics. The seminar commenced with a formal address by college principal Promila Kaushal. This was followed by technical paper presentation by students on various topics like nano technology, satellite communication, robotics, information communication and technology, renewable energy resources and geo positioning systems. Kumar gave detailed insights into the various engineering technology which are used in the clinical practice both in diagnosis and therapy. He also spoke about Instrumentation \u2014 MRI and Gamma Cameras respectively; throwing light on the emerging trends in biomedical engineering. Sukhdev Kumar Singla chairman of Indo Global Colleges said the institution aspires to make academic issues and commitment as the key concern of the young generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415190", "title": "Damage only in a few pockets, say officials", "text": "NAGPUR: Agriculture department officials say that the crop damage is not much in Washim district except in the western side of Malegaon and Risod tehsils, adjoining Buldhana district.\"In some pockets, moong and urad crop has sustained heavy damage due to excess rainfall in September but overall the scenario is satisfactory. Soyabean yield will be good this time and, as on date, cotton will also give good returns,\" said Manchakrao Lende, an agriculture department official in Washim.Lende told TOI that soyabean was the primary crop of the district followed by cotton. Most farmers also go in for jowar, tuar, moong and urad. The district does not have much horticulture.Risod tehsil has suffered the highest crop damage. Tehsildar Manoj Lonarkar told TOI that crops were in good shape in the taluka. \"80% of land under cultivation has soyabean. Rest is jowar, cotton and tur. There are seven or eight villages adjoining Lonar tehsil of Buldhana district that are the worst hit due to poor rainfall.\"Lonarkar further said that even though the kharif crop was in good shape there was not much chance of rabi crop. \"The rainfall is 20% deficient. Instead of the average 750mm rainfall, the taluka has received only 590mm. So rains are required in September end and October end for the rabi crop.\"There are 18 medium and small dams in the tehsil. Only five have storage over 50%. The remaining thirteen have less than 50% storage.\"Unless there are more rains, drinking water will be a problem from March. The condition is same in Washim tehsil. The showers in September were good for the crops but not enough. Rainfall has to be on the higher side in the district for a problem free summer,\" Lonarkar said.Ghanshyam Jogdand, a progressive farmer in the district, however blamed the farmers for not following scientific practices. \"We have to dig farm ponds in this low rainfall district. However, farmers are just not interested. I have six farm ponds and hence the water table in my farm is high, which allows me to go in for rabi crop using well water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16417511", "title": "How are seized drugs disposed of, asks SC", "text": "MUMBAI: Concerned over seized narcotic drugs re-entering the market due to procedural lapses, particularly those pertaining to disposal, the Supreme Court has asked states across India to provide details such as judicial supervision and how such contraband is stored and disposed of.The court said this while hearing an appeal against a Madhya Pradesh high court order acquitting a person called Mohanlal as the prosecution had failed to provide any evidence regarding the destruction of 3.6 kg of opium seized from him. The SC is yet to decide on the appeal.\"We are not, however, very sure if the procedure (for drugs disposal) is being followed as it ought to be. Pilferage of the contraband and its return to the market place for circulation is, in our opinion, a major hazard against which the system must guard at all cost, if necessary by making suitable changes wherever the same are called for,\" the court said. It added that before undertaking any exercise to that end, it was necessary to examine whether the procedure was being followed in letter and spirit.The court also said drugs seized in large quantities all over the country must not be let loose on society because of human or systemic failure. Senior counsel Ajit Kumar Sinha , appointed by the court to assist it, said the procedure prescribed for the destruction of contraband seized in different states had not been followed . \"This has resulted in a peculiar situation arising on account of such failure and accumulation of the seized drugs and narcotics in large quantities , thereby increasing manifold the chances of pilferage for re-circulation from the stores where such drugs are kept.\"A senior revenue official said there was a proper system in place for the destruction of narcotics and the chances of seized drugs re-entering the market were minimal. He, however, added: \"It's a fact that there is no seriousness attached to the issue. The court should also initiate some steps for the disposal of other goods seized by various agencies, lying for over 20 years.\"The court gave time till October and registrars-general of high courts will act as nodal officers who will collect reports from the respective states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415004", "title": "Pressed for time, government papers over potholes", "text": "HYDERABAD: The preparations, in the host city, for the mega biodiversity summit, which is not more than a fortnight away, have now assumed the form of a 'cover-up' job. Strapped-for-time state government authorities, who woke up to CoP-11 only a month ago, are thus making desperate last-minute attempts at concealing the city's potholed roads with a fresh layer of tar or hiding its barren patches under some green cover.But this cosmetic makeover might barely last till only the end of the global conference, say keen observers of this hectic activity on the city's roads. Worse, the state government has spent as much as Rs 10 crore for this 'patch' work.Take Road No.3 Banjara Hills. Only two weeks back, a Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) appointed contractor planted rows of bougainvillea along the divider with a view to beautifying this stretch. Now, municipality officials are in the process of uprooting most of these saplings as they are found to have perished due to neglect.Also ready to greet guests would be bright palms and species of aglaonema (an indoor plant) that seem to have sprung up overnight at every major junction in the city. And, while horticulturists express serious doubt over the longevity of these species, considering they are foreign to the city's soil and climate, the state government is believed to have spent a fortune to source them from various corners of India.Apart from Rajahmundry, many of these plants have been shipped in from Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore and the interiors of Kerala for an estimated budget of Rs 5 crore.That these freshly-tarred roads could soon mutate into the potholed nightmares they once were is what the commuters fear, having been victims of such cosmetic makeovers many times in the past. Considering how the roads &amp; buildings department, instead of repairing entire stretches, is only levelling out select portions, it's highly probable that this patch work is washed away over the next few downpours. What is worse is that this cover-up job is only restricted to routes that the CoP delegates are likely to take. Even as dozens of roads in Secunderabad and beyond lie in a shambles, it is the stretches between Begumpet and Gachibowli alone that have qualified for this 'beauty treatment'.Parts of Mehdipatman and Rethibowli that lead to the official venue \u2014 HICC-Hitex \u2014 have also been lucky enough to make the spruce-up list. \"We have been allotted about Rs 6 crore for this work. We have limited time, so we are only covering up certain parts,\" said an R&B; official pleading anonymity. He claimed that this exercise would serve the city for the next five-six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16416751", "title": "Mind of the millennium teen", "text": "Say mom, did you have electricity when you were growing up?\" Twelve-year-old Aditya throws a casual query at his 38-year-old mother during a power cut. Even before the bemused mother can revert, the backup inverter springs into action and her son is once again immersed in his online game, competing against friends in multiple locations, most of whom perhaps have no idea how growing up in the 1900s \u2014 a different century for them \u2014 was like. These kids \u2014 a generation born in 2000 \u2014 would, by next year, be the millennium's first teens. Their arrival in the world roughly coincided with the dawn of the information age \u2014 the internet implosion, google search, mobile phones, glitzy malls \u2014 stuff that was not available even to their immediate predecessors growing up barely a decade before in the late 1990s.It's a generation, then, that has seen a completely different picture of the world which has accordingly shaped its world view. That it's a smarter generation is largely due to its fascination \u2014 some would even say obsession \u2014 with technology. Arsh Srivastava, a 12-year-old student of Class VII at Chandigarh's St John's High School, says he was fascinated by mobile phones ever since he was a baby. He now uses a Samsung Galaxy S smartphone and aspires for a S3. Not surprising then, that social scientists term it a generation of 'digital natives' , who take to technology like fish to water. \"You can't blame them,\" says Shiv Visvanathan, professor at the Jindal School of Government &amp; Public Policy. \"This is a generation that has trained in a new kind of literacy, which involves technology extensively. For them, information and technology are commodities. They'd die of boredom if deprived of either commodity.\"The solution to boredom, in the tween manual, is the golden 'F' word. Facebook is the alternate world which every kid below 13 aspires to reach. What makes it cooler is that it's officially off-limits to them. But it's a restriction that's easily bypassed. Anmol, a 11-year-old from Kolkata, says most of his friends are there. Those who are not, are told off: 'Go gal'. That's 'Go, get a life dude' in tweenspeak. Once inside the inner circle, there is a sense of achievement, but only till the next new technological marvel catches their attention.This extreme restlessness is the hallmark of a generation that has to keep pace with fast-changing technology which, many say, is leaving them with seriously low attention-spans \u2014 a problem that their teachers often have to contend with. \"For teachers, the challenge is engaging them through lessons and activities that develop reflection, patience and sensitivity which can balance their moods and behaviour,\" says Ameeta Mulla Wattal, principal of Springdale's School at Pusa Road in Delhi.In terms of awareness, though, again facilitated by technology, this is a generation that is aggressively aware. Sexologist Prakash Kothari says that the internet \u2014 which most kids start using by the time they are 6 or 7 \u2014 has ensured that they are sexually knowledgeable much earlier. \"I have had instances of parents bringing boys as young as 8 or 9, who have started masturbating after they learnt about it from the net,\" he says.Because it's a generation that's maverick in its choices, and often damning in its quick judgments on brands, marketers catering to this segment can't take them for granted. Smita Jatia of Mc Donald's , a brand that many tweens have grown up on, says it's important to keep their behaviour and dynamic wants and desires in mind. \"We have to constantly innovate and elevate their 'I'm lovin it' experience through menu options which can keep them happy.\"Impatient and restless may be the words that older generations may use to describe the millennium's first teens, but there's no denying that they symbolize the way society, and indeed, life has changed around the world. \"We live in accelerated times,\" says Nishant Shah of the Bangalore-based Centre for Internet &amp; Society. \"The breathlessness of our times is evident in everything \u2014 from the kind of movies we make to the ways in which our news and information travel. At the end of the day, our younger generations are also products of our times.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16416797", "title": "\u2018Getting into the cricket team is tough; I\u2019d rather be a game designer\u2019", "text": "ARSH SRIVASTAVA | 12CHANDIGARHDo you have a mobile phone?Yes. I use the Galaxy S Android smartphone . My recent favourite, though, is the S3. It's very cool.Since when are you using a mobile?I got my own mobile phone on my 9th birthday. I used to play with my parents' phone ever since I was a baby. The ringtones and the pictures used to fascinate me.Do you also use the internet often?Yes. I am on the web for a minimum of two hours daily.Are your parents okay with it?Of course. Internet plays an important role in my studies as it helps me to extract more details about textbook topics. I often go online and search for material for my assignments . Also, I taught my granddad how to use Google and created an account on Facebook and Gmail for him.Are you aware of how your parents' generation connected with each other?No. I've never really thought about it.Are you getting pocket money and is the amount sufficient for you?I do not take pocket money, instead I ask for money whenever and as much I need. That feels better.How do you usually spend that money?I love collecting Slam Attax cards. Also I love collecting pens and wearing Ed Hardy clothes. I like Reebok too because MS Dhoni is their brand ambassador. He is my role model. I think he's supercool.Like Dhoni, do you want to take up cricket as a career?Cricket is my favourite sport and I love it as a hobby but professionally I want to be a game designer as I want to know how these games are designed. Moreover, getting into the cricket team is very difficult so I would rather be a designer and design some unique games in the future.Interviewed by Kamini Mehta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419603", "title": "Anurag Kashyap will serve recipe at dhabas for the film promotions", "text": "Anurag Kashyap will serve recipe at dhabas for the upcoming film Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana 's promotionsFilmmakers are always trying innovative strategies to grab eyeballs and generate some buzz about their film. Anurag Kashyap, creative produced too has come up with his latest quirky idea. For his next production,called \"Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana\", Anurag's planned a delicious campaign.The filmmaker, along with the cast and debutant director Samir Sharma, will travel to various dhabas (roadside eateries) in Mumbai, Delhi and two cities in Punjab -Chandigarh and Ludhiana -and serve free food to customers. The plan is to serve Chicken Khurana, which is basically a chicken dish with a secret ingredient created for the film. The promotion will be on for two hours on a first-come-first-served basis. It's a first of its kind food based movie in Indian cinema. Excited about the prospect, Anurag says, \"It is a mad, quirky film which revolves around food. Many people will get fed in the process of the promotions and my team and I will personally have to join a gym post its release, which is November 2.\"Starring Kunal Kapoor and Huma Qureshi, the film is a funny story about a Punjabi family - the Khuranas. They run a dhaba and take pride in their food, especially the family recipe of Chicken Khurana. But unfortunately, it gets lost when the patriarch, played by Vinod Nagpal, loses his memory and with that the secret recipe too. The family looks for a copy of the recipe and also tries to cook it in various permutations and combinations to get the exact taste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16416115", "title": "Vinoba Bhave University to start defence management courses", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Vinoba Bhave University (VBU) will begin teaching defence management courses from the next academic session, making the varsity first in the eastern zone and third in the country to start such courses.Vice-chancellor R N Bhagat made this announcement on the eve of the university's 21st anniversary celebrations on Saturday.The courses to be taught are bomb disposal, disaster management, rescue operation and radar technology. \"Details about the defence management faculties were discussed with the BSF and police authorities here who welcomed the starting of the eight courses in VBU Hazaribag,\" Bhagat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16416469", "title": "Ammonia leakage from ice cream factory creates panic in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than 12 persons complained of uneasiness following ammonia gas leakage from an ice factory in the congested residential Tikait Rai locality under Talkatora police station area on Saturday evening. The leak created panic in the area to the extent that residents began to leave their homes to escape. Senior superintendent of police R K Chaturvedi led a team into the factory to plug the leak, but gas continued to emanate, though not as much as it did earlier.Sensing trouble, the owner and staff of Rolly Ice Factory fled the spot. Three houses owned by the proprietor Pradeep Misra alias Pappu, including the one adjacent to the factory, were found locked, said the SSP. The gas leak was heavy causing panic among the residents.On receiving information, senior police officials led by the SSP along with additional district magistrate O P Pathak rushed to the spot. There was news of several persons fainting because of the gas fumes, while several others complained of discomfort and burning sensation in the eyes.Witnesses also said three persons riding a motorcycle fell down while passing through the road near the ice factory, because of the gas leak and onlookers rushed them to the hospital. The three also complained of dizziness and burning sensation in their eyes.A medical health department team led by CMO SNS Yadav rushed to the spot and pressed ambulances into service.The staff of the ice cream factory went missing and no one knew the source of the gas leak, so it was left to SSP R K Chaturvedi and administrative officials to undertake damage control. The SSP -- winner of Prime Minister's life-saving gallantry medal in 1995-96 for saving lives of six persons locked inside a factory after ammonia leak in a factory in Noida -- used his experience and led the team for trouble-shooting.Wrapping his face with a wet towel, the SSP went inside the factory along with fire tenders that sprinkled water through pressure pipes on the leakage area. Meanwhile, several officials went inside the factory and closed all the valves of the ammonia tanks. The main tank installed underground was also closed. Several of those who had complained of uneasiness were rushed to nearby hospitals for primary treatment.Talking to TOI, the SSP said no one has reported major illness barring some who suffered uneasiness. Some cops also complained of uneasiness, a police official confirmed.About action against the factory owner, the SSP said directives had been given to seize the factory and lodge FIR against the owner for negligence.The leakage continued till the filing of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16416600", "title": "\u2018IM men got 10 lakh for Pune blast\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian Mujahideen executed the August 1 Pune serial bomb blasts and the perpetrators were paid Rs 10 lakh, which was sent through hawala from UAE, said a senior police officer.On August 1, four blasts triggered by improvised explosive devices targeted Pune's bustling Jangli Maharaj (JM) Road in less than an hour's time.\"We have zeroed in on the perpetrators from the IM but they fled soon after the blasts,\" said a source, adding that an ATS probe found that money was routed through Muzaffar Kola Enterprises. \"Kola Enterprises were involved in sending Rs 10 lakh through hawala for the Mumbai's 13/7 blasts. The ATS had booked Muzaffar Kola, owner of the UAE-based firm, for its alleged involvement in the hawala transactions,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16416327", "title": "A capital facelift", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A landscape garden here or a green patch there, if the ongoing cosmetic changes in the city have failed to meet your eyes, hold on! The state capital is set for an extreme makeover soon.The makeover plans include the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation's (BMC) project to put eye-catching security signage to make the state capital a better guided city. Instructions such as \"look before you proceed\", \"stick to your left\", \"wear helmet or seatbelt\" and signboards explaining locations of important places and offices in glowing designer plates will dot the city soon.\"We will not junk the space with too many signboards. But the plan is to guide commuters about where is what, besides making them aware of safety issues in an attractive and aesthetic way. Once these are in place, even a stranger will find it easy to move from one place to other in the city without the need to ask anyone for help,\" BMC commissioner Sanjib Mishra said.A private company, which has installed such signage in Guwahati, is set to give a presentation to the BMC top-brass next week.Apart from this, BMC will also strive to give a distinct identity to each arterial road in the city by undertaking a different yet cohesive beautification plan, Mishra said.Under this programme, work has already started for beautifying the Acharya Vihar-Sainik School-Kalinga Hospital Chowk and AG Square-Governor House areas. A similar project will begin for the upcoming road from Capital Hospital Chowk to the Biju Patnaik airport once the ongoing road work is completed.The Rungta Mines group is developing the Acharya Vihar-Kalinga Hospital Chowk by creating nice and broad pavements, installing ornamental plants and lights on the left side and the median. \"The group is working on approved design of civil work, pavement and greenery,\" said BMC environment officer Bikram Keshari Routray. The stretch houses Pathani Samanta Planetarium, Regional Museum of Natural History, Apollo Hospital, Institute of Physics on the one side and Utkal University and Sainik School on the other.Similarly, the MGM Group is working on a beautification plan for the AG Square-Raj Bhawan area, the right side of the road if one comes from AG office to Governor House, and the median. Officials said tiles designed by a French architect were being installed on the sideways. Attractive green space and lights would also be installed on the stretch. Similarly, SL Mining Group would develop the Capital Hospital to Airport stretch, they added.The Jindal Steel and Power Limited, (JSPL) is re-developing the roadside in front of state secretariat in public-private-partnership (PPP) mode. The Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) is planning to create a beautiful park, lush green lawns and ultramodern toilets inside the state-run Capital Hospital. Sources said work for the project will start soon. Some citizens, however, are not convinced with the \"haphazard\" approach of beautification. \"The main problem lies in the upkeep of the newly developed designs and spaces. Otherwise, these become eyesores. For example, most of the wall paintings done in 2008 have eroded,\" said Piyush Rout, a city management consultant.Rout said citizens should be involved in conceiving innovative ideas to redecorate the city. Most of these imported designs don't match with the city's traditional and local aesthetics, he said. Notably, a beautification project at the AG Square-Rajmahal median had to be demolished months after completion for road expansion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16420587", "title": "Stop just threatening and withdraw support to UPA, Shiv Sena tells Mamata", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bal Thackeray-led Shiv Sena on Sunday took to the streets to protest the fuel price hike and FDI in retail sector by the Centre and asked the Trinamool Congress and NCP to withdraw support to the UPA government.Addressing a rally at the famous Siddhivinayak temple in central Mumbai in the presence of hundreds of partymen, Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray asked Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee to stop just threatening the UPA government and withdraw its support.\"Mamata Banerjee should simply stop threatening the UPA government and withdraw the support,\" Uddhav said.He also asked Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , and Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav to withdraw support from the UPA government.\"Till when we will tolerate the heat of fuel price rise?\" he asked.Uddhav also exuded confidence that the Congress-led government will now be dethroned by the people.A bicycle morcha was taken out by Thackeray's grandson Aditya from the Shivaji Park to the Siddhivinayak temple to protest the fuel price hike.Commenting on Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde's statement that coal block allocation scam would be soon forgotten, Shiv Sena said he articulated \"attitude\" of the UPA government.\"Shinde has spoken out the attitude of the UPA government,\" Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray said here.At a function in Pune yesterday, Shinde had said, in a lighter vein, that \"earlier the Bofors was a talking point. People forgot about it. Now it is coal. This too will be forgotten.\"Reacting to Shinde's remarks, Sena MP Sanjay Raut said, \"One can be oblivious if hands are blackened, but how can one be oblivious if his face is blackened ?\"Shinde's statement was disgraceful, Raut added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416626", "title": "Faulty printer leads to big backlog of RCs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The registration and licensing authority (RLA) of Chandigarh administration has been earning lakhs of rupees almost every second month through auction of new registration numbers and thousands of rupees on a daily basis through various fees and other charges. But despite the good earnings, the department does not always manage to deliver. In a recent example, the department has failed to issue over 15,000 vehicle registration cards (RCs) to the people, who had purchased their vehicles three to four months ago. According to information, RLA's printer that prints the cards has not been working due to some technical problem which could not be rectified. The department then decided to buy a new printer, but as the process is taking time, people have been suffering. Sources in the RLA revealed that vehicle owners of two previous series -CH01AN and CH01AP- have not got their registration cards till now and as each vehicle series has 9999 registration numbers, 15,000 to 20,000 registration cards are yet to be issued to the public. Even a few numbers of the CH01AM series which was launched around four months ago are also pending. Admitting that there are a lot of RCs that are pending, Kavle V Parasuram, RLA in-charge said, \"Our printer is not working, which is why we have not been able to issue RCs to the public. We have ordered for a new printer, which would come by Wednesday and after that we will start issuing RCs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai/ mumbai", "code": "16416720", "title": "10 cities in fray for new IPL franchise", "text": "CHENNAI/ MUMBAI: After terminating Deccan Chargers' contract onFriday night, IPL's governing council decided on Saturday to float a tender for a new IPL team and short-listed 10 cities \u2014 Ahmedabad, Visakhapatnam, Dharamsala, Indore, Jamshedpur, Nagpur, Cuttack, Kanpur (Greater Noida), Rajkot and Ranchi. The new IPL team could be based out of any of these cities.Sources said the base price of the team would be 300 crore for five years (60 crore a year) and would get the same share from the league's central revenue pool as the original eight teams (60%). Sources added that the new team owners would be given the option of picking players fromthe terminated Chargers team for the next edition.BCCI, which was to make 214 crore as franchisee fee from Chargers over the next five years, now stands to gain more. Interestingly, the base price for the two new IPL teams in 2010 was more than 1,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16415701", "title": "Special phone numbers catch fancy of Indoreans", "text": "INDORE: If you are running out of options for gifts, here's one-a fancy number. It may sound strange, but some Indoreans seem to have taken a fancy for such numbers, which can make them stand out from rest.A city-based industrialist Vinod Agrawal boasts of having one such number among his friends and well-wishers. He believes that the fancy numbers, especially ending with 00001 or 11111 etc when flashed on the screens of others, immediately create a good impression about the persons having it.His family had five fancy numbers what they got through bidding in BSNL and had paid around Rs 1.5 lakh to own these numbers keeping in mind that it would add to their status. Among all five cell phone numbers that Agrawal bought, many other similarities like serial numbers ending with five zeros can be seen. However, he refused to get his numbers published in the newspaper for fear of getting anonymous calls.The industrialist said the idea of owning these numbers came to his mind after seeing one such number flashed on the his cell phone. \"And then I immediately decided to get similar number,\" Agrawal added.The popularity of such numbers could be gauged from the fact that they are now being used as gifts.A private firm employee Durgesh Shukla gifted a cell phone number with six zeros in it to his brother-in-law Ratnakar Chaturvedi on his birthday. Durgesh hails from Banganga area while his brother-in-law is from Satna.\"I thought this could be the best gift at that time for him,\" he said, adding that the cost of the number some two years ago was Rs 2500, but now it would fetch nothing less than Rs 2 lakh. Shukla said all his 12-family-members have fancy numbers and they enjoy it. However, he refused to disclose the cost at which he purchased the number.Another cell phone user Vikas Gupta had developed hobby of collecting ten-digit cell phone numbers ending with 20s. This is because Vikas's wife birthday falls on 20, and therefore as a mark of love for her, he chose to select all number for his cell phones ending with 20.\"I am always on the lookout for numbers ending with 20,\" he said, adding that he has been trying to change all the numbers, including vehicle registration number ending with 20. For this, \"I am ready to open my wallet, \" he added.A cell phone number retailer Garima Singhal said people are ready to spend up to Rs one lakh for special or fancy numbers. She said bidding of five-digits- common numbers (penta) of few companies begin with Rs 85,000, approximately and goes up to more than a lakh.According to her, at least 10 people purchase such special numbers in a month, however, the reason for this may vary from person to person. Some customers may try to get such numbers for matching their birth dates too. For others, some other considerations comes into play.BSNL public relation officer Shyam Yadav said the company provides such fancy numbers through bidding. The bidding takes place around 4 to 5 times in a year and it is handled from Bhopal, he said, adding that the bidding rate for numbers varies.A private telecom employee and expert said the company does not promote such kind of things. However, it provides number through special demand of customers and charge according to the demand. For getting such numbers, a customer has to approach company via retailers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415416", "title": "Delhi HC steps into Indian Law Institute eligibility row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The appointment of the director in-charge of city-based Indian Law Institute (ILI) is under a cloud. The Delhi high court has now decided to step in, taking note of glaring discrepancies in the eligibility of Dr S Sivakumar who was initially appointed as a research professor and is now the director in-charge.A division bench comprising Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Justice Vipin Sanghi recently directed that the institute \u2014 which boasts of the Chief Justice of India as its ex-officio president, and the law minister and Attorney General of India as its vice-presidents \u2014 make its executive committee aware of the new facts that have emerged in connection with Sivakumar since it is the EC that is the final authority in making appointments.HC's intervention came after it found that Sivakumar relied on postgraduate teaching experience in National University of Juridical Sciences, Kolkata, and Kerala Law Academy to clinch his appointment as a research professor.However, both the institutes categorically informed the court that Sivakumar has no experience of postgraduate teaching.The case stemmed from a PIL filed by lawyer Jose Meleth challenging Sivakumar's appointment on the ground that he furnished false information regarding his eligibility.Meleth cited RTI replies received from KLA and NUJS. KLA divulged that Sivakumar taught only students of the LLB course during the said time period. NUJS also said that Sivakumar didn't teach any PG programme in the university.Meleth accused the director of fudging his tenure records to claim eligibility even though he didn't fulfill the essential requirement of 10 years teaching experience or postgraduate teaching, prompting the high court to seek an answer from the institute.The law institute defended the appointment, arguing that 10 years of post-graduate teaching experience is not sacrosanct and research carried out by the candidate is also given weightage.Indian Law Institute maintained that its director was suitable for the post on account of his vast research experience.But the Delhi high court pointed out that Sivakumar had relied on his teaching experience, not research experience, to stake claim for the post in the institute when he applied in 2005 and concluded that his suitability must be gauged afresh in the light of statements by the two institutes.It has now posted the case for November 30 to take stock of the results of the EE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16417475", "title": "Where tiny tots can go globetrotting", "text": "BANGALORE: In the past month, 5-year-old Krish has returned from voyages to China, Australia and Spain. His next stop will be Sri Lanka .\"He's very excited about it and is making sure every bit of the preparation is in place. His passport is ready and he's now busy telling us about his special Sri Lankan attire,\" says his mother Ganga Ganapathi Poovaiah.Krish makes these trips every Wednesday. Along with many other young friends who are part of a travel club that's creating a buzz among mommies in Bangalore.These are virtual 90-minute and 180-minute trips to countries of the world organized by Globetrippers every week for kids in the 4-6 age group and twice a month for children in the 6-12 age group. This weekend, at least 20 children are prepared for the Lanka experience. The trips are organized in seasons and each season includes a trip to six countries.\"We expose children to sensory stimulation. They explore the country's history, culture, music, food, art and personalities while engaging in fun-filled activities. In return, they get a pocketful of knowledge. The idea is to familiarize them with cultures across the globe,\" says Muthamma Nanjappa, one of the minds behind the innovative workshop.During these simulation visits, each child gets a passport (an authorization by the club). The interactive session is filled with games, art and audio-visual clips. At times there are guests from these countries who answer queries. \"A few weeks ago, we had a guest from Singapore who not only updated the children with information, but also brought along some Singapore currency notes and gave them to the children as mementos,\" says Muthamma.The idea cropped up with a small trigger. \"My childhood friend and my partner in this initiative, Miriam Mammen, had this interactive globe which gave information about the place such as currency, population, etc. when you touched parts of it. In March 2010, we thought we should take this experience to the next level. We got going in the next four months,\" she recalls.The first trip they organized was to Japan and to their surprise, 34 children enrolled for it. And for the next when they got 43 children, they had to split them into batches. \"Then we took up pace in Jayamahal, apart from the one in Indiranagar,\" says Muthamma. The club has a franchisee in Koramangala.The club so far has organized virtual trips to 45 countries. The fun will extend to other planets and the Moon too. As Muthamma puts it, \"The sky's the limit, really. We also have places like the Bermuda Triangle or castles to go to.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16417372", "title": "Recount endorses J Shantha\u2019s victory", "text": "BANGALORE: The recount ing of votes on Saturday confirmed BJP nominee J Shantha's victory in the May 2009 Bellary (reserved) Lok Sabha polls. The result remained unchanged in the recount with a victory mar gin of 2,243 votes.Election workers metic ulously recounted ballots cast in the keenly fought contest between Shantha and Congress candidate and former chief justice of Oris sa HC NY Hanumanthappa While Shantha secured 4,02,213 votes, Hanuman thappa got 3,99,970.After verifying the in tegrity of storing and trans porting the ballots, counters and tallyers sifted through the ballot boxes and count ed and verified each ballot At the end of the day, polit ical greenhorn Shantha's victory was sealed.The recounting was tak en up following a Supreme Court directive. Chan dregowda of Bellary filed a petition challenging Shan tha's election accusing elec toral malpractices by au thorities and the high court ordered a recount of votes The SC on June 11 upheld the HC order and directed authorities to do the recount.\"The outcome of the re count will be intimated to the apex court,\" Bellary deputy commissioner Am lan Aditya Biswas said.Shantha's victory has given a moral boost to the newly formed Badavara Shramikara, Raithara (BSR) Party, launched by her broth er and former minister B Sri ramulu, who is going all out to make a mark in the up coming assembly elections \"It's victory for truth,\" said a delighted Shantha.Shantha has identified herself with the BSR Party after their mentor Gali Ja nardhana Reddy was jailed in the illegal mining scamIn the past year, Reddy's associates too suffered set backs with one following an other to jail. Bellary city MLA Gali Somashekhara Reddy, Sriramulu's nephew and MLA TH Suresh Babu were jailed a month ago in the cash-for-bail scam. With the bail scandal threatening to ensnare Sriramulu, Red dy's supporters desperately wanted Shantha to pass this test so that she could take over the reigns of the party if Sriramulu is arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16416918", "title": "\u2018Surrender or we\u2019ll be forced to take you down\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE: Anti-Naxal Force chief Alok Kumar has exhorted a group of six alleged Left wing renegades including two women to lay down arms and not continue to defy the Constitutional authorities.His appeal comes in the backdrop of the latest exchange of fire between the ANF and Naxalites at Hongadahalla near Kinkeri-Balehalla forests in Kaginahare in Sakleshpur taluk of Hassan district on Friday.The Kaginahare forest in Yeslur police station limits borders Hassan and Dakshina Kannada district. The six Naxalites, starved from not having eaten for the past five to six days, had come knocking on the house of Lokesh Gowda at Kinkeri-Balehalla forest on Thursday. On Friday morning, the Naxalites are believed to have escaped back to into the forest.\"We fired 51 rounds of bullets at them and they also fired back at us. But they managed to escape into the dense forest,\" Alok Kumar said in Sakleshpur on Saturday.Intense ANF action in DK district had pushed the naxalites into deeper forests towards Hassan and they were holed up there. \"It is a matter of time before the ANF is on to them,\" Alok said.\"It is not a nice feeling to exchange fire with our fellow citizens,\" the IGP said, adding that the Naxalites, who are espousing a cause, should join the social mainstream and fight for their aspirations democratically. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar and the state police top brass is keen on seeing that these \"misguided groups are properly rehabilitated as per the terms and conditions laid down in the surrender policy already announced by the government,\" he pointed.Observing that Naxalites were not receiving any local support, Alok said: \"They are further alienating themselves by creating an atmosphere of fear among the locals wherever they go, while they try to escape the advancing ANF teams.\"Police personnel from Hassan have joined the ANF in the ongoing combing in the region. \"The ANF will take this hot pursuit against the renegades to its logical end, if they do not come out and surrender on their own,\" he addedANF has also set up new camps in Subrahmanya area since their base camp at Karkala in Udupi district is too far from the areas being combed in the deep forest areas bordering Hassan. \"It is six hours from Karkala via Hettur and Sakleshpur and even the roads are quite bad,\" Alok said. The ANF is fanning out from camps set up Subrahmanya and giving little or no respite for the fleeing renegades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415149", "title": "PDKV's wastewater treatment plant lying wasted", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) inaugurated its wastewater treatment plant with much fanfare in June, two months later it seems to have forgotten about it. The first of its kind plant in the city was set up at a cost of Rs 22 lakh on the College of Agriculture's land behind Maharajbagh Zoo.The plant is based on phytorid technology developed by National Environment Engineering Research Institute (Neeri). However, the area is now covered by tall grass and stray cattle freely roam there in the absence of any fencing or compound wall. A board was put up at the site stating that it was for 'experiential learning' but no such activity had taken place after the plant's opening, sources disclosed.They added that when it was inaugurated by former PDKV vice chancellor Vyankatesh Mayinde along with some MLAs who are on the university's statutory bodies, the entire area was cleaned. They claimed that even the plant was in a state of neglect with the officials turning a blind eye towards such an ambitious project that has the capacity to clean 1 lakh litres per day. It treats wastewater from Nag River which is later used for nearby farms of PDKV spread over a large area.College of Agriculture's dean PG Ingole said that the plant is running in \"perfect condition\". \"But due to heavy rains, we are unable to do anything on the outside area. But we will clean it area once the rains stopped completely,\" he told TOI.The dean added that the college had dispatched the proposal for fencing the area about a month back to the university and is awaiting a reply.Sources said the first such plant was set up in Mumbai University and PDKV had showed interest as it was facing severe water scarcity in last couple of years as its source from Telangkhedi lake was ceased on account of British-era pipelines that are blocked. The agriculture university looked after Maharajbagh garden and zoo and always needed water in huge quantity for managing them, they informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16415965", "title": "More water to BARDEZ", "text": "PANAJI: Water supply to Bardez taluka has increased substantially with the release of the balance 20 MLD (mega litre per day) water from the new 50 MLD water treatment plant at Assonora, since August 22. The 50 MLD plant was partly commissioned to release 30 MLD water in 2011.PWD officials said that the release of the balance 20 MLD is still on trial basis but the water supply division has increased the quantum of water released to Bardez taluka. Bardez has an estimated population of 2.5 lakh and has about 50,000 water connections. Only about 5 to 10 MLD of the 50 MLD plant is supplied to villages like Mulgao and Shirgao in Bicholim taluka; the rest is supplied to Bardez. Some Bardez villages which previously got water only on alternate days are now getting it on a daily basis. The water department is thinking of increasing the number of hours of water supply still further.K H Kamalidini, executive engineer, works division XVII, Porvorim, told STOI that with the release of the extra 20 MLD at Assonora, the water supply to Calangute constituency has been increased from 10 MLD to 13 MLD; to Mapusa constituency from 13 MLD to 17 MLD, Saligao from 9 MLD to 12 MLD, Siolim from 10 MLD to 11 MLD, Porvorim from 15 MLD to 20 MLD, Tivim from 16 MLD to 18 MLD and for Aldona from 13 MLD to 14 MLD.Water is being supplied to Calangute for more than four hours, daily. Some villages in the constituency like Arpora, Nagoa and Parra, which used to get water only on alternate days, now enjoy 24-hour water supply, Kamalidini said.He also said that the villages of Nerul and Verem (of Saligao constituency) were getting water on alternate days will now get water for four hours daily. Water supply to Porvorim has been increased from one-and-a-half hours daily to two-and-a-half hours daily. Parts of Mapusa like Khorlim, Ansabhat, Bamonvaddo, Caraswaddo and Dangui colony now get 24 hours water supply, while other parts like Indiranagar, Mayur colony and Sapana village get water for between three and five hours. Tivim and Aldona also get 24 hours water supply, Kamalidini said.The 50 MLD water treatment plant at Assonora was started at an estimated cost of 18.48 crore in 2007, and was to be completed within 300 days. After several extensions, the Delhi-based contractor, Ganon Dunkerley and company limited, has now completed the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16419820", "title": "Khushpreet murder case: Court rejects bail of main accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the infamous case of kidnapping and murder of five-year-old Khushpreet, which had rocked Chandigarh in December 2010, a local court has rejected the bail plea of one of the main accused.The bail plea was filed by the wife of the accused Gurvinder Singh and it was rejected in the court of judge Preeti Sahni. The petitioner had sought the bail on the grounds that Gurvinder's mother had recently passed away and he had to attend a religious ceremony on Monday (September 17).\"Besides Gurvinder, his brother Sukhdev Singh is also a co-accused in this case and he is also lodged in the jail. But only one of them has sought a bail and that too through his wife. There is something fishy in this and bail application should be rejected. Besides, it was a brutal murder case where accused had murdered the boy even after receiving the ransom amount so bail should not be given to accused,\" said Manish Dua, public prosecutor, while arguing in the court.The trial of this case is still pending in the court.Khushpreet (5), a kindergarten student and son of a dairy owner, was kidnapped on December 21 (2010) from near his house. The boy's body was recovered on January 5 (2011) near the boundary between Chandigarh and adjoining town of Mohali in Punjab. The victim had been strangulated to death and his face was smashed to make identification difficult.However, police cracked the case in April 2011, by arresting three accused. They included Sukhdev Singh (36), his brother Gurvinder Singh (32) (neighbours the of victim boy) and their servant Nand Kishore (26).The victim's family had paid a ransom of Rs. 400,000 to the kidnappers at Kharar town, 20-km from here, in Punjab. The kidnapping, police inaction and the subsequent recovery of the child's body led to violence in and around Burail village in Sector 45 here. The area witnessed violence and turmoil for over two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415807", "title": "Nature education awaits tourists in Bhimashankar", "text": "PUNE: The Pune division of the forest department will encourage eco-tourism and provide nature education for tourists visiting the Bhimashankar wildlife sanctuary.Most tourists are pilgrims who visit the Jyotirling temple located inside the sanctuary. The forest department plans to sensitize them about the rich and diverse fauna in the sanctuary and keep the protected area litter-free.M K Rao, chief conservator of forests (Pune), told TOI that nearly eight lakh tourists visit the sanctuary in a month. \"The tourists litter the place which attracts dogs, crows and macaques, which harm the wildlife. Over 10,000 vehicles arrive here on a single day and park on the foraging ground of animals,\" he said.\"We want tourists coming to the temple to appreciate the beauty and life forms in the forest. We have to change the attitude of people and the way they look at forests and keep the area clean,'' he said.Local guides, guards and staff of the forest department underwent a three-day nature orientation training recently covering topics like the fauna (amphibians, reptiles, insects, mammals) of the Western Ghats, wildlife management, man-animal conflicts and camera traps, among others.Varad Giri, noted herpetologist and director of Nature, was the lecturer. The sanctuary harbours 529 species of animals, according to a study conducted by the Zoological Survey of India (ZSI), Rao said.Three buildings of the forest department inside the sanctuary were handed over to the village eco- development committee. The panel will now maintain them and take up eco-tourism. The locals will act as guides and offer food and accommodation to the tourists, he said.Varad Giri said the sanctuary was a protected area and home to the Indian Giant Squirrel, amphibians and reptiles.Frogs and lizards found here are important in the food chain and life-support system. The forest guards and other staff of the department who are protecting the forest should know the local biodiversity as they are supposed to guide tourists visiting the sanctuary,'' he said.Giri said that the sanctuary is home to endemic species (restricted to this geographical area) found in Western Ghats like Deccan banded gecko (a lizard) and swamp eel. One can also find Atlas moth (the largest moth in Asia) and Golden Emperor moth. During the field trip, we also found a frog with three legs which is an example of deformity in amphibians. This area needs to be studied,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16416722", "title": "Concern over signs of growing polarisation", "text": "The attack on the US consulate by a section of Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam activists and the subsequent protests on Saturday by Tamil Nadu Touheed Jamaath over a film denigrating the prophet have raised concerns about growing polarisation in Chennai.The ferocity of the attack on the consulate, in particular, has taken political and social observers by surprise. Extremist rhetoric has rarely manifested in violence and vandalism in public places in the city, as it has in other metros. Significantly, while the film 'Innocence of Muslims' has drawn criticism from all sections across the country, it has not led to violent protests in other metros, which have much larger Muslim populations.Some prominent members of the community attributed Friday's attack in Chennai to a growing rivalry between hardline outfits here, each attempting to mobilise support to assert itself in the political space. \"Some of the mosques in the city are controlled by extremist elements. They try to import foreign ideologies. Their discourses reflect rising intolerance and the competitiveness in whipping up passions and challenging the administration. It is high time these rabid elements were marginalised,\" said a source.There is unanimous condemnation of the film from all quarters, but most observers wonder what purpose it serves to polarise society further through a violent protest. The Prince of Arcot, Nawab Mohammed Abdul Ali, who is a prominent voice in inter-faith dialogue, spoke out against the \"uncalled-for provocations that deeply hurt Muslim sentiments.\" He said this was not the first time \"mischief mongers in the western world have sought to create international unrest, involving Muslims through the misuse of the freedom of expression,\" but also pointed out that, \"Islam does not advocate violence. Islam preaches tolerance, peace, non-violence and forgiveness and condemns extremism and fanaticism.\" He called upon the Muslim community to join issue intellectually and noted that resorting to violence would serve no good.Significantly, while there was an intelligence alert to strengthen security at all consulates and embassies, Chennai city police appeared to have underestimated the threat to the consulate. A senior police official admitted, \"We did not expect the crowd to turn violent. The TMMK had sought permission to stage a demonstration condemning the film.Their leaders had assured that there would not be any violence. While deputy commissioner had blocked them, another group led by TMMK Kancheepuram district president, M Yakoob, reached the consulate in vehicles and resorted to violence. There wasn't enough policemen near the consulate at that time.\"Meanwhile, the Centre has asked the state government to submit a report on the attack. A senior official said, \"We are waiting for city police commissioner J K Tripathy's report. Once that comes, we will send a report to the Centre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415656", "title": "India lose to Qatar in Asia Cup Basketball", "text": "HYDERABAD: India's resistance ended in the third quarter as they lost 63-84 to Qatar in the 4th FIBA Asia Cup Basketball at the OTA Gymnasium in Tokyo on Saturday.India are yet to register a win in two games and they will be in a must-win situation when they play Chinese Taipei .A win on Sunday will keep their quarterfinal chances alive. Down 25-31 at halftime, India scored 18 and witnessed Qatar net 27 points to trail 44-58 after the third stanza. The speed of Daoud Musa, Elhadary Mansour and terrific inside play by Mohammed, Omer Salem and Saeed Erfan Ali proved too hot for India.Amritpal Singh and Rikin Pethani did well to stop the Qataris from scoring from inside the paint but Qatar's huge centres scored from second chances to emerge winners; the scoreline does not quite reflect India's spirited challenge.Daoud Musa (12) Yaseen Ismail Musa (12) Mohammed (13) and Salem Omer (12) were the standout performers for Qatar.Pethani and Narinder Grewal (14 points each) were the top scorers for India while Amritpal and Vishesh chipped in with nine each. Hosts Japan registered a convincing 90-78 win over Chinese Taipei.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16415900", "title": "GSIC slaps 8,000 fine on Calangute panchayat secretary", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state information commission (GSIC) has imposed a penalty of 8,000 on the secretary of the village panchayat of Calangute for delay in furnishing information to an RTI applicantThe case pertains to an RTI application filed on December 28, 2010, by Madhukar A Sheldekar of Calangute.Not satisfied with the reply given by the panchayat secretary, Sheldekar approached the first appellate authority - the block development officer for Bardez. The first appellate authority then directed the secretary to furnish the information within 10 days, but the secretary failed to comply with this order.In his defence, the secretary said that Sheldekar had sought his opinion and that opinion does not fall in the category of RTI. The secretary contended that there is \"no provision under RTI Act, 2005, to give an opinion, as a PIO is not a legal advisor. While the matter was pending before the GSIC, the panchayat furnished the information on October 25 \"in good faith\". The secretary told the GSIC that he had not committed a violation of any provision of the RTI Act.After scrutinizing the records, the Goa state chief information commissioner, M S Keny, noted that while the secretary had claimed that the applicant had sought an 'opinion which is not information', he had not challenged the first appellate authority's order to furnish the information. In case it was an opinion, the secretary should have informed the applicant within 10 days, the commissioner noted. The GSIC commissioner noted that one question in the RTI application was the name of the deputy sarpanch, which was certainly not sought as an opinion.Ruling that there was a delay in furnishing the information sought by the applicant, the information commissioner said that the delay is \"inexcusable\" under the RTI Act. He also observed that such delay causes \"unnecessary harassment to the common man, which is legally impermissible\". The commissioner said that although RTI Act provides for a penalty of 250 per day, he is inclined to take a lenient view and felt that 8,000 penalty would serve the ends of justice.While imposing the penalty, Keny said that the penalty amount should be recovered from the salary of the PIO for the month of October and November. The office of the Bardez block development officer is to execute the order and recover the penalty from the PIO, and the penalty amount is to be paid into the government treasury, the GSIC ordered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16417474", "title": "These boys are driven by speed, thrill and danger", "text": "These boys know what concrete tastes like. They have the same aura as punk rockers, B boys or hooligans who like to destroy furniture. Every time they pass a street, it becomes theatre . Cars get nervous, grumpy women call their act illegal and watchmen run after them with sticks despite knowing it would be a futile chase.Skateboarding in Mumbai has all the above side-effects but the only thing that seems to rattle the deviant 20-odd boys\u2014who skate outside malls, abandoned schools, banks and just about any space that promises smoothness\u2014is rain. It is a force that could ruin those prized slabs of wood that form their quickest means to freedom. \"You know the feeling you get when you run a while just for fun, not to get anywhere?\" says copywriter Russell Lopez (27). \"That's the reason we skate.\"Lopez is part of the Facebook page called Skateboarding in Mumbai created three years ago by Jimmy Hilloo in the hope of stumbling upon passionate skaters like him. He found many, 20 of whom have been religiously meeting every Sunday at an abandoned school at Napean Sea Road for over two years. Here, the skateboarders take off their shirts and execute many skateboarding tricks such as the ollie, the kickflip, and an interestingly, if mystifyingly, termed one called 'sex change' . Hilloo, who prefers complicated tricks, once performed a variation of it, and the move is now known in the group as 'The Jimmy' .Members, most of whom source their Rs 3000-plus skateboards from abroad, admit that theirs is a strange subculture . It has an equally strange glossary. 'Air' here means how high you go and 'pop' is how hard you hit the back of your board to jump up. Even the stance on the board has a name\u2014' regular' (left leg in front) or 'goofy' (right leg in front). A 'wipeout' means a fall and 'the scorpion' , members say, is the most severe form of wipeout, where the rider could even injure his spine.The group\u2014which endorses the use of helmets, knee pads and hand grips while riding\u2014has had its share of wipeouts. Hilloo has broken his foot twice and Nargolwala once fell face first on the concrete floor while attempting a handstand on the skateboard. He got up, dusted himself, spat out blood and some pebbles and continued skating. Jehan Dhalla, who used to skate from his Napean Sea Road home to his tuition class near Regal Cinema, experienced his worst wipeout while 'skitching' \u2014hitching a ride by holding on to another vehicle. The 19-year-old had latched onto a taxi at Kemps Corner, and the driver, unaware of this, started speeding . The skateboard began to wobble and Dhalla had to let go. The impact saw him being dragged at least 15 feet across the road into a pothole. The board hit a wall 2 ft away from some cops who started yelling at Dhalla. \"Thanks to the injury , I did not skate outside for almost a month,\" he says.Much as they relish the element of danger, the skateboarders swear by the hobby's accidental gifts. Through skateboarding, they have discovered various favourable nooks of Mumbai (\" The outside of banks are smooth,\" says one member) and feed off the city's growing skateboarding culture. The opening of skateboarding stores such as Quiksilver and visits by international idols like Tony Hawk have meant a steady surge in the number of riders who enthusiastically endorse Canadian maple wood for skateboards and gape at various videos of overseas skating arenas online.Predictably, however, space is an issue (members dream of the day Mumbai gets its own skate park like Bangalore) and onlooker reactions aren't always warm. \"South Mumbai is fine but Bandra is not very friendly,\" feels Mazda Nargolwala, who remembers being reprimanded by an elderly woman in the suburb, who told him and his friends to lay off, saying, \"What you're doing is noisy and illegal.\" Before they could seek a clarification on why it was illegal, they saw a guard running after them with a stick. \"We picked up our skateboards and ran,\" says Nargolwala.The kind of chasers the boys are fond of, though, are teenage girls who are easily impressed by their bag of tricks (\" I've even got some action ,\" confesses Lopez). But the group has yet to see women take to skateboarding as eagerly. Perhaps it's the sex change bit?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16416031", "title": "Hartal in state total and peaceful", "text": "KOCHI: The dawn-to-dusk hartal called by the Left Democratic Front and the BJP in the state to protest against the Centre's move to hike diesel price and cut LPG subsidy affected normal life but remained by and large peaceful. In the state capital and the neighbouring district of Kollam the day passed off smoothly except for a few sporadic incidents of violence.Tension prevailed at Karakkamandapam on national highway when a group of hartal sympathizers tried to block the road. Even an ambulance was caught in the commotion but timely intervention of the cops helped contained the incident. In Attingal, a shop owner was injured in stone-pelting by a group of protestors after he refused to shut shop. Hartal crippled the public transport system and the city wore a deserted look. Attendance in offices was thin and LDF and BJP workers took out protest marches to the secretariat. In Kochi, both private buses and the KSRTC remained off road. Hartal supporters blocked vehicles on NH 47 near Aluva.However, private vehicles operated in the city. Political parties, including CPM and BJP, and trade organizations like the Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi staged protests in front of the BSNL office near Ernakulam Boat Jetty. Attendances in government offices remained low. Only 10% of the employees reported for work in Civil Station, Kakkanad.In Kozhikode, the hartal was total. The KSRTC suspended all its services except for a single service to Mananthawadi, Sultan Bathery and Thamarassery.Hartal supporters blocked private vehicles at Mukkam. However, they did not stop vehicles plying to Karipur airport. People who arrived at the Kozhikode railway station were stranded for hours.The situation was no different in Kottayam. In Thrissur, a scuffle between BJP and DYFI activists was reported, in which two DYFI men were injured. In Alappuzha, boat service between Alappuzha and Muhamma was affected by hartal. In Kannur where hartal is commonplace, some social groups adopted novel ways to protest at once against hartal and fuel price rise.Harthal Virudha Munnani (Anti-Harthal Front) voiced their protest by erecting a cut out of Sri Muthappan, the deity of north Malabar, requesting him to save the state from price hike and hartals, while the other group, National Forum For People's Rights (NFPR), shared the bitterness by supplying bitter gourd juice to the people at the Old Bus Stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415039", "title": "Police foil bid to take out Telangana-rally in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to muster support for the T-cause from denizens of the Old City, who have until now remained lukewarm towards the issue, members of T-JAC, CPI and pro-Telangana advocates sought to take out a rally on Saturday morning. But their efforts were thwarted by the South Zone police which took around 50 people into preventive custody.The rally was organised from Salar Jung Museum to Charminar through Purani Haveli, Moghalpura, Shah Ali Banda and Charminar. When people gathered at Darushifa, they were taken into preventive custody and. They were later shifted and detained at Kanchanbagh police station only to be released later unconditionally.Hamed Mohammed Khan of the Movement for Peace and Justice who was also part of the rally but not detained, said, \"The residents of the Old City and Muslims in particular stand to gain from creation of Telangana as there will be greater representation of Muslims in the affairs of the state. The fear of right wing forces has wrongly been made the bugbear. It is possible for Muslims to be heard if they join secular forces,\" he said.Sources pointed out the rally was planned to shore up support for September 30 \"Chalo Hyderabad\" programme being planned by T-JAC. The participants wanted to distribute pamphlets on the issue which reportedly describes the benefits for Muslims should T be realized. On most occasions, life in the Old City is not much affected by bandhs or agitations held by pro-Telangana entities.Ex -parliamentarian Aziz Pasha of CPI who was detained by the police said the rally was a peaceful effort to create awareness on the issue of Telangana amongst the masses of the Old City but was unconstitutionally suppressed. \"There is a fervor among the masses about Telangana but the awareness is lesser compared to other regions. The rally was a peaceful effort and we had secured oral permission from South Zone police. But it was stopped as the police came under pressure from certain corners,\" he said.Assistant commissioner of police, Mirchowk division, M Kistaiah said the rally was stopped as the police apprehended a law and order problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415160", "title": "Rollback decision on FDI in retail sector: Chandrababu Naidu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Desam Party (TDP) chief Chandrababu Naidu urged the UPA government to rollback its decision to allow FDI in the retail sector.Addressing the media at his residence on Saturday, Naidu announced that his party would participate in the nationwide protest against the decision along with Samajwadi party , Left parties and other like-minded parties. He accused the Centre of hurriedly pushing the decision without holding any debate. \"Allowing the FDI in the retail sector is fraught with serious repercussions. It will destroy the livelihood of about four crore families,\" he said. Terming the decision as anti-people, Naidu said the Centre seems to have not given any thought to the plight of those dependent on retail trade. Naidu was also critical of the disinvestment policy being pursued by the Union government.He called upon people to join the all-party agitation on September 20 against entry of FDI into the retail sector. \"The Centre should revoke the decision to allow FDI into the retail sector and immediately initiate a nationwide debate on the issue\" Naidu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16422133", "title": "Actor Raqesh Vashisth miss working with wife Riddhi", "text": "Actor Raqesh Vashisth who is currently paired opposite Aamna Shariff in the show Honge Juda Na Hum, miss sharing screen with his wife Riddhi Dogra.Actor Raqesh Vashisth who is currently paired opposite Aamna Shariff in the show Honge Juda Na Hum , miss sharing screen with his wife Riddhi Dogra. \"Though it was our deliberate decision to not work together for a while, I miss Riddhi on the sets. We had an amazing chemistry and had a wonderful time on the sets while we were dating. We wanted to break that monotony and that is the reason we decided to take a break after the show Maryaada: Lekin Kab Tak ,\" says Raqesh.So after marriage, how comfortable are you romancing the other female star on television. \"We had few romantic scenes in the current show and I was not sure, how Riddhi would react. But she could understand me as she is also an actor. As long as she trust me, I have no qualms about doing any intimate scene on TV,\" adds he.With TV becoming bold day by day, actor feels that television is something which you watch with your entire family. \"I think Maryada , took boldness on TV to another level. As actors we cater to the audience, and it would be outrageous on our part to show something which is not suited for the family, as you watch it with your entire family,\" says he. Hope we see him and Riddhi again on television soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16416831", "title": "Industrial panel planned to broker peace", "text": "NASHIK: Following the industrial unrest due to the assaukt by workers on two corporate officials belonging to Everest Industries Ltd (EIL), the deputy labour commissioner (DLC) has decided to set up a special industrial peace coordination committee to bridge the gap between industrial associations and Centre for Indian Trade Unions (CITU).Speaking to TOI, R S Jadhav, deputy labour commissioner, Nashik division, said, \"To avoid incidents like what happened with EIL officials, in future and create a peaceful trade environment in Nashik's industrial areas of Nashik, we have decided to set up a special Industrial Peace Co-ordination Committee. The aim behind setting up the committee is to develop good relations between the industries and workers. We are meeting the commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal in this connection on Monday.\"The committee, which will be headed by the deputy labour commissioner, will include representatives of the district collectorate, police commissionerate, industrial associations and workers' unions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16417491", "title": "A group of skateboarders has been hitting Mumbai\u2019s roads", "text": "MUMBAI: These boys know what concrete tastes like. They have the same aura as punk rockers, B boys or hooligans who like to destroy furniture. Every time they pass a street, it becomes theatre . Cars get nervous, grumpy women call their act illegal and watchmen run after them with sticks despite knowing it would be a futile chase.Skateboarding in Mumbai has all the above side-effects but the only thing that seems to rattle the deviant 20-odd boys\u2014who skate outside malls, abandoned schools, banks and just about any space that promises smoothness\u2014is rain. It is a force that could ruin those prized slabs of wood that form their quickest means to freedom. \"You know the feeling you get when you run a while just for fun, not to get anywhere?\" says copywriter Russell Lopez (27). \"That's the reason we skate.\"Lopez is part of the Facebook page called Skateboarding in Mumbai created three years ago by Jimmy Hilloo in the hope of stumbling upon passionate skaters like him. He found many, 20 of whom have been religiously meeting every Sunday at an abandoned school at Napean Sea Road for over two years. Here, the skateboarders take off their shirts and execute many skateboarding tricks such as the ollie, the kickflip, and an interestingly, if mystifyingly, termed one called 'sex change' . Hilloo, who prefers complicated tricks, once performed a variation of it, and the move is now known in the group as 'The Jimmy' .Members, most of whom source their Rs 3000-plus skateboards from abroad, admit that theirs is a strange subculture . It has an equally strange glossary. 'Air' here means how high you go and 'pop' is how hard you hit the back of your board to jump up. Even the stance on the board has a name\u2014' regular' (left leg in front) or 'goofy' (right leg in front). A 'wipeout' means a fall and 'the scorpion' , members say, is the most severe form of wipeout, where the rider could even injure his spine.The group\u2014which endorses the use of helmets, knee pads and hand grips while riding\u2014has had its share of wipeouts. Hilloo has broken his foot twice and Nargolwala once fell face first on the concrete floor while attempting a handstand on the skateboard. He got up, dusted himself, spat out blood and some pebbles and continued skating. Jehan Dhalla, who used to skate from his Napean Sea Road home to his tuition class near Regal Cinema, experienced his worst wipeout while 'skitching' \u2014hitching a ride by holding on to another vehicle. The 19-year-old had latched onto a taxi at Kemps Corner, and the driver, unaware of this, started speeding . The skateboard began to wobble and Dhalla had to let go. The impact saw him being dragged at least 15 feet across the road into a pothole. The board hit a wall 2 ft away from some cops who started yelling at Dhalla. \"Thanks to the injury , I did not skate outside for almost a month,\" he says.Much as they relish the element of danger, the skateboarders swear by the hobby's accidental gifts. Through skateboarding, they have discovered various favourable nooks of Mumbai (\" The outside of banks are smooth,\" says one member) and feed off the city's growing skateboarding culture. The opening of skateboarding stores such as Quiksilver and visits by international idols like Tony Hawk have meant a steady surge in the number of riders who enthusiastically endorse Canadian maple wood for skateboards and gape at various videos of overseas skating arenas online.Predictably, however, space is an issue (members dream of the day Mumbai gets its own skate park like Bangalore) and onlooker reactions aren't always warm. \"South Mumbai is fine but Bandra is not very friendly,\" feels Mazda Nargolwala, who remembers being reprimanded by an elderly woman in the suburb, who told him and his friends to lay off, saying, \"What you're doing is noisy and illegal.\" Before they could seek a clarification on why it was illegal, they saw a guard running after them with a stick. \"We picked up our skateboards and ran,\" says Nargolwala.The kind of chasers the boys are fond of, though, are teenage girls who are easily impressed by their bag of tricks (\" I've even got some action ,\" confesses Lopez). But the group has yet to see women take to skateboarding as eagerly. Perhaps it's the sex change bit?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16417617", "title": "Drug trials: Chargesheet filed against five doctors", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh government has finally chargesheeted five doctors of a mental hospital associated with the Mahatma Gandhi Medical College ( MGMC) in Indore.The doctors Ramgulam Razdan, V S Pal, Pali Rastogi, Abhay Paliwal and Ujwal Sardesai have reportedly been found guilty of flouting clinical trial norms laid down under the Drugs and Cosmetic Act.The doctors under question are being accused of conducting clinical trials on a vulnerable group of mentally-ill patients. The principal secretary, medical education Ajay Tirkey has handed over a 50-page charge sheet to all the doctors who were involved in the drug trials on 'mentally-ill' patients.Sources, said the charge sheet is based on revelations that the doctors conducted trials on a vulnerable group at their private clinics, some of which were not even registered with the health department under Nursing Home Act.State government has already issued charge sheets to the seven other doctors whose names had surfaced in murky trials conducted on poor people of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16694211", "title": "'Wearing attitude with personalized clothing'", "text": "Wearing one's heart on one's sleeves has never been out of fashion. These days, however, it is trendier to wear one's attitude.With the need for everything around one being an extension of one's personality, the inclination towards personalized clothing has reached a never-before high. This trend manifests itself in tees with one-liners that define the state of mind of a whole generation or custom-made pieces of clothing describing the personality or view of the wearer.While punny, witty messages printed on T-shirts has always been a popular trend among the youngsters, one does not come across captions in Hindi or those that find a connect with the modern Indian youth. That is what prompted Bhushan Bawankule to float a start up that catered exclusively to fill in this vacuum, even as he was only a student at Ahmedabad's Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDI).The tag line of his company Ediots (standing for Emotional Idiots) which specialized in making tees with catchy captions - 'where idiots speak up their emotions' - says it all. A special design that Bhushan always holds dear is the one the company made for Vijay Mallya that celebrated the uniqueness of every individual with a special emphasis on that of the liquor baron.One of their very first designs has the iconic tongue wiggling picture of Einstein who is quoted as 'Shri Albert' saying that 'Imagination is more important than knowledge'. Hindi one-liners like 'Zindagi jhand hai, pair bhi ghamand hai', which are frequently mouthed by youngsters also find a place in the array. This is perhaps the least risque of the one liners.\"Yet, even the others which may seem lewd to hear are very popular even among girls. In fact, many of our friends and acquaintances come up with caption ideas, suggesting alternate colours and graphics for the tees they have seen,\" said Bhushan.For designer Farah Amroliwallah, it was an accident that led to the beginning of an enterprise that helped her personalize the wardrobe of her friends. \"It all started with a sauce stain on my white T-shirt. I loved it so much and there was no way I going to get rid of it. I came up with the idea of using colours on the white piece of cloth and came up with a design that my friends loved,\" she recalled.Ever since then, Farah started designing tees for friends and word spread fast among friends of friends who also came to her to place orders.\"While some just wanted random quotes, others wanted logos of their favourite football clubs or cartoon characters. I started with painting T-shirts but soon found myself painting bandannas, handkerchiefs, caps and even canvas shoes. I have also done a sari after a special request was made for it,\" informed Farah.For those who may not be able to know such artistes, there are always photo studios and malls where one can get whatever they wish printed on a tee. But what is it that makes it so appealing for these youngsters to include such clothing in their wardrobe?\"This is the age of social media; expressing who you are and standing out in a crowd have become very essential elements of our lives. Such clothes define you as a person and are just another way to express yourself,\" believes young executive Bhushan Dhankulkar. He adds that an eye catching piece of clothing, even it is a casual one makes one attract the right kind of attention from the right kind of people.For others it could just be about living a fantasy. \"My kids are in their fairy tale age and Disney is a part of their lives. I got them tees painted with their favourite characters from the franchisee, Tinkerbell and Nemo. Those T-shirts are a part of their regular wardrobe and they just want to wear it as often as they can,\" said Melissa Lancelot.The significance of this humble piece of clothing may also increase depending on the emotion behind it. \"I have two T-shirts with pictures of characters from a Japanese Manga series. They are very special to me as my girlfriend gifted them to me. Moreover, the characters hold significance to my life because I have grown up watching them and have inculcated a lot of their traits in my personality. They are among my most prized collectables,\" said student Akshat Iyengar.Whatever be the reason, the charm of wearing a piece of clothing designed especially for you does not seem like fizzing out any soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16417044", "title": "They hate the taste but love the high", "text": "PATNA: Good girls, they say, don't drink. Times, however, are changing and quite a few ladies in the city have taken to puffing and boozing, albeit not as openly as their male counterparts.Most of these new-age women with 'I-care-a-damn' attitude have resorted to the 'manly thing' just to prove they are liberal and progressive, and as equal as men. \"I had a disciplined upbringing. So when I started working and my friends prodded me to try whiskey, I couldn't resist the temptation. Initially, I didn't like it, but now it gives me a hideout to be in when I want to be away from this world for a few hours,\" said a 24-year-old advertising professional who has her office on Boring Road and residence in North S K Puri.Anumeha Jain, 26, works for a private bank in its Kankerbagh branch. She took gin for the first time when she was a sophomore. \"My male friends were then trying out beer, also for the first time,\" a smiling Anumeha, who is not a native of Bihar , said and added she had since switched over to vodka mixed with sprite. \"Though I hate the taste, I love the high it gives to me,\" she said.Megha Singh, a mother of a 7-year-old, knows that the government of India recently told the Supreme Court that \"our culture does not back smoking by ladies\". \"But why should only women be burdened with the responsibility of upholding social values?\" asked the working woman who resides in Patliputra Colony. The 35-year-old drinks and smokes occasionally at home \"to relax\", but never in front of her son.\"Our patrons include 14-15 girls in their early 20s. They mostly prefer vodka shots,\" Atul of The Purple Lounge bar told TOI. Mohammad Salim, head chef of 17 Degrees which offers mocktail drinks, said, \"Right now we don't offer alcoholic drinks, but quite a few girls come inquiring about them.\"At times husbands give the women company. Ritu, a 32-year-old homemaker married to a CRPF officer, is one of them. \"I am originally from Muzaffarpur. I started drinking when my husband was posted in Kashmir and we used to attend official parties,\" she said and, in response to a query, added her husband approved of her drinking only at social dos.According to psychologist Dr Samidha Pandey, women have been drinking since long, but it is only now that they do not hesitate to reveal that they like it. \"You may call it a result of their financial and psychological empowerment; their resolve that they can do whatever they wish to do,\" Dr Pandey said.Ankit, who works in the Exhibition Road office of an automobile firm, does not see anything wrong with women boozing. \"If it is not right for girls, it is not right for boys either,\" the young engineer told TOI.But what starts for fun sometimes becomes addiction and may spawn many a health hazard, cautioned Rakhi Sharma of Disha De-addiction Centre.[Some of the names have been changed on request]", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16417125", "title": "SCMS kit gets global certification", "text": "KOCHI: A diagnostic kit for detecting chikungunya virus developed by Kochi-based SCMS Institute of Biotech Science and Biotechnology Research and Development received a certification from the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT). PCT, an international system which protects patent rights across the globe. The institute termed the new kit a novel and inventive step which has industrial applicability.\"The detection of the chikungunya virus can help doctors to differentiate it from other fatal epidemics like dengue, yellow fever and rat fever. These epidemics also carry the same symptoms and therefore, create serious problems during treatment, now widely prevalent in Kerala, in the absence of reliable tests,\" said a statement released by the Institute.\"At present, there are no satisfactory methods available for diagnosing the disease. The current practice relies on symptoms to diagnose along with ELISA tests. However, ELISA tests cannot be considered as a confirmatory test for the detection of viral strains and one cannot give authentic report for the treatment of chikungunya fever based on that test,\" said C Mohankumar, head of the biotechnology department at SCMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415147", "title": "CBI puts Emaar loss at Rs 215 crore", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI that is investigating the Emaar scam case on Saturday filed its supplementary, and in all probability, the final chargesheet in the case putting the loss suffered by both the state and APIIC at Rs 215 crore on account of this fraud.Koneru Prasad, N Sunil Reddy and Emaar-MGF, three of the accused, were shown as the ones who received a major portion of this scam money. The chargesheet was filed by CBI DSP and chief investigating officer S C Jiani.The CBI charged the state under the regime of late YS Rajasekhara Reddy with having shown undue favour to Telugu film star G Krishna and his family in sparing their 11-acre land. The land was exempted from the purview of land acquisition at the behest of the then regime of YSR, the chargesheet said.The CBI also detailed a strange incident wherein a powerful politician grabbed a two-and-half acres of land from the APIIC when the Emaar project was about to begin.Now, the CBI recommended the resumption of this land from the politician in question and initiation of action as deemed fit by the state.The CBI also examined and recorded the statement of Dinesh Jain, who is closely associated with MGF in Delhi. Since Enforcement Directorate (ED) had raided his house and seized Rs 6.89 crore from his residence earlier, the CBI is suspecting that this could be part of Emaar crime proceeds.Tummala Ranga Rao, key associate of Koneru Rajendra Prasad of Stylish Homes, was dropped from the list of accused and was shown as a key witness in the case.The chargesheet also spoke about the dubious roles played by IAS officials BP Acharya and L V Subrahmanyam, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "16422198", "title": "SMC in a hurry to clear projects before elections", "text": "SURAT : In order to clear all the files before the election code of conduct is announced for the upcoming state assembly elections , rulers of the city have approved projects worth Rs 519 crores at a go in its standing committee meeting of the Surat Municipal corporation (SMC) .Another meeting is scheduled for September, 18, 2012 and it is expected that approvals for another Rs 300 crore projects would be given in that meeting. Bhimji Patel, Chairman standing committee said, \" We would not like the development work of the city to come to a grinding halt once the elections are announced and so have asked the officials to come up with all the project works that need approval of the standing committee .&quot;Bus Rapid Transport System (BRTS) has been a priority sector of civic body as city of 44.64 lakh people lacks effective and apt transport system. With an intention to speed up the work for second and third Phase of BRTS municipal Commissioner proposed merging II and III phase and begin the work for both in the same financial year during his budget proposals and under that the project work of Rs 389.48 crore was approved by the rulers .These approvals are for BRTS routes to come up from Adajan Patia to Pal and From Adajan Patia to Jahangirpura at the cost of Rs 57 crore, Umra to SVNIT at The cost of Rs 68.12 crore, Anuvrat dwar to Thomas school and Thomas school to Daksheswar at the cost of Rs 58.89 crore, from Gajera circle Amroli to Jahangirpura at the cost of Rs 33.13 crore, Dumas resort to Anuvrat dwar at the cost of Rs 49.68 crore and for construction of BRTS station at the cost of Rs 56.19 crores. Standing committee also approved construction of a flyover bridge at Kapodra at the cost of Rs 26.79 crore and construction of more than 1000 EWS in Palanpur, Adajan and Vesu -Magdalla at the cost of Rs 30 crores .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16414955", "title": "Talathi gets 4-year jail, Rs35K fine for Rs 200 bribe", "text": "NAGPUR: The special court under the prevention of corruption Act, 1988, has held a talathi guilty for taking Rs 200 bribe in a case where the verdict was delivered after more than seven years. Ade took the bribe for a work in which he was entitled to charge Rs 5.Special court judge KL Vyas convicted the talathi, Ramnath Ade, for illegal gratification and sentenced him to undergo four years' rigorous imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 20,000 and another 60 days of jail in case he defaults. The court also convicted Ade for misuse of his official position and criminal misconduct as a public servant and was additionally sentenced three-year rigorous imprisonment and Rs 15,000 fine. In default, Ade would be required to serve another 30 days in default. Both the sentences would run concurrently.Delivering the verdict on Saturday, judge Vyas said, \"The virus of corruption has spread in every sphere and it is biting out economy.\" The court also observed that \"it cannot be disputed that where corruption begins all rights end\".The court directed the seized amount of Rs 200 to be credited in the treasury. The court also directed to return Rs 20 seized from Ade to him. Ade accepted Rs 200 at his office at Bhojapur in Kuhi tehsil on March 24, 2004 from complainant Anil Khatwar who wanted a fresh extract of 7/12 document of his 15.5 acres agricultural land.Khatwar wanted to remove loan endorsement from the 7/12 extract and had submitted a no-objection certificate from the Nagpur District Central Co-Operative Bank in Kuhi after clearing his dues. Ade had demanded the bribe for issuing a fresh 7/12 extract.Khatwar approached ACB office in Nagpur. ACB sleuths laid a trap and nabbed Ade.Additional public prosecutor Kalpana Pandey said that the court's vision about the present scenario of corruption was the highlight of the verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16417379", "title": "Mixed response on green fee from non-Himachal vehicles", "text": "SHIMLA: The Shimla municipal corporation finally started charging green fee from non-Himachal vehicles entering the city from Saturday onwards. Rs 100, Rs 200 and Rs 300 are being charged from two-wheelers, cars and SUVs, respectively, while heavy vehicles, including buses and trucks, are being charged Rs 500.On the first day of implementation of the tax, tourists showed mixed response to green fee collection, which is modeled on the pattern of tax being collected by Manali Tourism Development Council and is being seen as a source of resource for the cash-strapped MC. Of all the four entry points to the city, huge rush was observed at Tardevi as nearly 90% of vehicles from outside Shimla enter through this road, especially on weekends due to huge tourist inflows.Expressing displeasure over the move, Vinod Kumar from Haryana, who was taxed at Taradevi, said, \"If the government has its way, we will be charged for even breathing.\" On the other hand, some people showed optimism that MC would utilize the money for creating more parking spaces and making the city clean and green. Harish Kumar, a biker from Tamil Nadu , said, \"If the MC is promising to give appropriate facilities in lieu of the fee, then there is no harm in paying Rs 100.\"There were others who complained about mismanagement. \"Though the MC implemented green fee, there was no proper system of a computerized barrier at Taradevi and a simple rope was tagged while we were given e-tickets. The road at this entry point is narrow, leading to traffic jams and we could move ahead only after nearly half-an-hour,\" said Geeta Kapoor, travelling from Delhi to Shimla. Rahul D'Souza a traveller from Faridabad, said, \"We come to Shimla frequently over the weekends and this will be an extra burden on us as we can't keep on paying this fee frequently.\"Shimla MC commissioner M P Sood said, \"The green fee would be a one time levy on all two-wheelers, cars, SUVs, buses and other big vehicles that do not bear registration number of Himachal and we are expecting an income of Rs six crore annually from this fee.\" He added, \"Residents of Shimla having vehicles bearing registration number other than that of HP will be provided relief for three months from this fee as they can get a verification certificate from their ward councillors and we will give the list of these to the bidder to whom we have outsourced the project. Till now we have received 55 such applications and few categories like ambulances and Army vehicles will be exempted from the green fee.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16416010", "title": "Kishanji met Mamata before polls, says Maoist leader", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maoist leader Kishanji's streak of individualism and defiance hurt the party and led to his killing by the police, said Sushil Roy, ideologue and politburo member of the banned CPI-Maoist. In jail since 2005, Roy is currently undergoing treatment in Delhi's AIIMS hospital.Speaking exclusively to TOI, 78-year-old Roy said, \"He (Kishanji) did not obey party line. He thought he was next to Mao.\" Koteshwar Rao alias Kishanji was killed last November in Bengal. Ahead of 2011 assembly polls in Bengal, Kishanji had reached out to the Trinamool Congress keeping the CPI-Maoist leadership in the dark.\"The party did not know about his (Kishanji's) meeting with Mamata (Banerjee) before the polls. It was not the party's decision,\" said Roy, who has been an underground leader since 1967 after the Naxalbari movement, precursor to the Maoists, was launched. He said that indiscriminate killings in Bengal's Jangalmahal by Maoists was wrong.Caste and regional bias, indiscipline and mobile phones are hurting the Maoists, said Roy. Kishanji, for instance, would call up all kinds of people, including journalists and political leaders. \"He also kept in touch with RSP leaders, then party to the ruling Left Front in Bengal, though they never helped us. That was his weakness.It harmed him,\" said Roy.Use of mobile phones has hit the Maoists hard.Calling Operation Greenhunt barbaric, he said, \"The police could not get any of our leaders in a gunbattle. They could not have arrested our leaders had it not been for the use of mobile phones.\" Due to heavy losses, the Maoists are unlikely to hold the five-yearly party congress this year. \"State plenums have been held and preparation is on for the central plenum,\" added Roy.Lying in the emergency ward of the AIIMS hospital with his body riddled with catheter and needles, Roy mourned the loss of Maoist spokesperson Azad who was killed in police encounter in Adilabad forests of Andhra Pradesh in 2010. \"He was killed in a barbaric manner by the police. His death was a big loss for the party.\"Roy, who had declared the formation of the CPI-Maoist following the merger of MCC and PW on September 21, 2004, in the jungles of Chhattisgarh, was brought to AIIMS by the Jharkhand police after his health deteriorated. He was wanted in four cases in Bengal and eight cases in Jharkhand.\"I was supposed to walk out of the prison on August 18 last year, but Jharkhand police invoked the National Security Act and put me back in jail,\" said Roy suffering from a serious urinary bladder ailment.He appealed to party leadership to lay down arms, opt for partial ceasefire in West Bengal and Jharkhand and talk to the government. In Chhattisgarh and Bihar though the banned party should continue its fight against the Indian state to keep up the morale of the cadres, he said.Speaking exclusively to TOI, Roy said, \"A large number of our comrades were killed or arrested in Bengal and Jharkhand. The party is in a bad shape. Many opportunists split from the party and formed outfits, especially, in Jharkhand.The ceasefire would benefit the party and help in release of cadres from jail.\"He had discussed ceasefire with Narayan Sanyal, senior Maoist politburo member lodged in Hazaribagh jail. \"About two-and-a-half months ago, we wrote to the party from jail proposing ceasefire. I don't know if the letter reached them,\" Roy said.He was not sure though if the government would accept the Maoist offer of a ceasefire. \"The state wants Maoists to adopt ceasefire as a policy. That would mean surrender and death of revolution,\" said Roy. He wanted Maoists to offer tactical ceasefire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16420651", "title": "New drug to cut asthma attacks by 20pc", "text": "Researchers have developed a new drug that reduces the number of asthma attacks by more than a fifth - offering hope to hundreds of thousands of patients who suffer from the most severe form of the debilitating lung disease.Trials on nearly 1,000 people with uncontrolled asthma showed the drug tiotropium taken through a mist inhaler opened constricted airways and appeared to improve lung function, the Daily Mail reported.Even those with severe asthma saw the number of attacks cut by 21 per cent and the time between attacks extended by a third.The drug - already licensed for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, which usually affects smokers - could be available on the NHS in a few years, the report said.Five million Britons suffer from asthma, with 250,000 diagnosed with a severe form. On an average, three patients die each day during an attack.The disease is usually treated with a steroid inhaler or tablets, which can have serious side effects including skin thinning, weight gain and osteoporosis .\"People with asthma are anxious about what steroids are doing to them, particularly if they have to take them long term. Having another tool will be useful,\" Neil Churchill, of charity Asthma UK, said.Researcher Dr Richard Russell, a lung specialist at Wexham Park Hospital in Berkshire, said that the drug could be a \"new weapon in our armoury.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415391", "title": "Drowned teen's body found", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of a teenager, Firoze Shaikh, who had drowned at Bandra Bandstand on Friday, was washed ashore on Saturday evening. Shaikh drowned while he and his friends were playing in the sea after visiting the Bandra fair. The victim's Shaikh's body has been handed over to his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416594", "title": "National award winner booked", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after lodging an FIR against a 22-year-old national bravery award winner girl and one another for pasting vulgar comments on the website of Chandigarh traffic police, cyber cell sleuths have decided to summon the girl and another accused Kamaldeep Singh for recording their statements on Saturday. Though, the residential address of booked girl in Panchkula has been confirmed, resident address of accused Singh is still being verified. The girl and Kamaldeep Singh were booked under sections 66A and 67 of the Information Technology (IT) Act, 2000 at police station in Industrial Area on Friday. The girl had claimed a national bravery award for reportedly nabbing some burglars in Ambala in 1999. Sources in police said the girl had lodged an FIR of car theft at police station in Sector 19 on August 16 and police failed to recover it. As a result she vented her anger by pasted vulgar and objectionable messages against officials on the website of traffic police. Kamalpreet Singh also pasted similar comments, which were being followed by the girl, sources added. DSP (traffic) Kamaldeep Singh said comments posted by the girl and Kamalpreet Singh were objectionable and a case has been registered after obtaining legal opinion. The matter is being investigated by cyber crime cell of Chandigarh Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16416013", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 2L robbed from Bokaro resident", "text": "BOKARO: Criminals used a chloroform-dabbed handkerchief to make a woman senseless before robbing her of jewellery worth more than Rs 2 lakh at Cooperative Colony here.This was the second big theft in which thieves targeted a woman in her house. A few days ago, miscreants had stolen cash and ornaments worth Rs 20 lakh from a house in Sector-IX area.The victim, Rumi Sarkar, is the wife of a jewellery shop owner Ravi Sarkar. She was admitted to hospital after being found in a senseless state in her bedroom by her family members. Her condition is said to be stable.DSP (city) Anil Shanker said the incident occurred on Friday night when Rumi was along with her children was at home and her husband was at the shop. Her child was studying in the other room when criminals barged inside the house and before she was able to understand anything they made her senseless putting chloroform dabbed hanky on her face. Later they removed all the ornaments she wore and fled away.\"An FIR has been lodged in this connection with the City police station and we are investigating the case. Since the crime was committed during day, it is a matter of concern and we will try to nab the criminals,\" said the DSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16416587", "title": "3 charred to death in Madurai tyre company fire", "text": "MADURAI: Even as the recent cracker unit blast in Sivakasi that claimed the life of 39 people sparked a debate on fire safety norms in industries, three people were charred to death and five others were injured in a fire that broke out at a tyre manufacturing unit on the outskirts of Madurai on Saturday.While the company Sri Chakra Tyres issued a press statement saying that the cause of the fire was under investigation, fire and rescue services personnel said that they suspected that friction in the electric motors in a room or a short circuit could have sparked the fire. The management of Sri Chakra Limited has ordered for a detailed enquiry into the incident.\"Chemical solvents were stored in a small room in the company and as many as eight workers were involved in polishing the tyres. Electric motors were also in the room,\" said a fire and rescue services officer. The official said that although there were adequate fire safety measures put in place in the company, the fire spread rapidly killing three workers.\"The spark of fire turned into a huge fireball in seconds due to the presence of solvents and gave little time to the workers to escape from the room,'' he said. The fire broke out around 7.35am and was put off in 30 minutes. The deceased were identified as Umashaknar (21) of Thenur, Chandrasekar (28) from Karur and Manikandan (24) from Kallampatti near Melur in Madurai - all labourers. While the condition of the four injured workers is said to be out of danger, one of the employees who suffered 85% burns is critical. They have been admitted in two private hospitals in the city.A statement from the company said that the fire broke out in the paint shop, during the start of the first shift operations. The in-house fire brigade was immediately alerted and the local fire station was called in for support. The in-house fire fighting team, ably supported by the fire station personnel, put off the fire in 30 minutes time. It is understood that there were about 600 workers are engaged in the first shift operations in various shop floors and all the other employees are safe. The company has suspended its operations immediately and has declared a holiday today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16416221", "title": "BJP asks party workers toget ready for elections", "text": "LOHARDAGA: State BJP president Dineshanand Goswami on Saturday asked party workers to be ready for the next parliamentary elections while terming the Congress a \"jamboree\" of robbers that sold both ground (coal) and sky (2G spectrum).Addressing a district-level party workers meeting here, the BJP leader said, \"It (the Congress) has brought common man to streets through its scams which are responsible for price hike in the country.\"The BJP state chief said price hike had put an extra burden of Rs 1,000-2,000 on the common man. Criticizing the UPA government's decision of FDI in retail sector of Indian market and said this would increase unemployment. He asked the party men to be ready for the coming general elections to win all 14 parliamentary seats so that the party forms the next government in the state.However, the party workers, who had pinned hopes on Goswami to get some assurance on a government pension scheme proposal for \"Jharkhand Andolankaris\" who had fought under by the name of \"Vananchal\" instead of \"Jharkhand\" were, disappointed.Goswami diverted the issue by saying formation of Jharkhand was the biggest reward for those BJP men who fought for \"Vananchal\" (Jharkhand) and chief minister Arjun Munda has formed a commission for this issue.He left no time in criticizing the Congress and counting failures of the UPA government. \"The CAG had estimated an income of government Rs 1.86 lakh crore in coal block allotment and Rs 1.77 lakh crore in 2G spectrum if these schemes had followed the government procedure honestly. This huge amount of money could be used in infrastructure development in the backward states like Jharkhand,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16415176", "title": "Sena's district bandh call against Dhanorkar's externment", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: In a strong move against erring politicians, the district administration on Friday evening ordered externment of Shiv Sena district chief Balu alias Suresh Dhanorkar for two years. While Dhanorkar's externment has created ripples in the political circles, Shiv Sena on Saturday blamed guardian minister Sanjay Deotale for the action and gave call for district wide bandh on Sunday.Police claimed that Dhanorkar has 23 offences pertaining to robbery, assault, issuing life threat, damaging government property etc registered against him since 2006. He has been externed from Chandrapur and bordering districts of Nagpur, Wardha, Yavatmal, Gadchiroli and Gondia.Strongly opposing the move, Shiv Sena leader and deputy mayor Sandeep Awari on Saturday said the externment order is politically motivated. \"The administration has acted under pressure from guardian minister Sanjay Deotale, who faces tough fight in Warora constituency in next assembly election from Dhanorkar. The externment order will deprive Dhanorkar from active participation in the election,\" said Awari, adding, \"it would also deprive Dhanorkar from campaigning in Shiv Sena ruled Bhadrawati municipal council election.\"Awari claimed that all the offences against Dhanorkar are of political nature. \"Dhanorkar has developed strong public contacts and have created a wave against Congress in Warora constituency. So, MLA and guardian minister Deotale, who had won the last election with a slender margin of 3700 votes, felt threatened. Hence using his political clout, the minister removed Dhanorkar from the district,\" alleged Awari.\"There are even more and serious offences of political nature against BJP MP Hansraj Ahir and Bhadrawati tehsil Congress president Afzal Bhai, but police and district administration have completely ignored them. But Dhanorkar was targeted only due to his strong standing against Deotale,\" said Sena leader and ZP member Nitin Matte.Matte claimed that Dhanorkar is going to challenge his externment orders at home ministry and would even knock the high court's doors seeking annulment of the externment. Other district chief of Shiv Sena, Ramesh Deshmukh called for district wide bandh on Sunday to protest action against Dhanorkar.When contacted, guardian minister Sanjay Deotale refuted the charges on pressurizing the administration for Dhanorkar's externment. \"The externment order is result of the criminal offences committed by Dhanorkar. He had assaulted officers from industries and burnt government property. Now that action has been taken against him, they (Shiv Sena leaders) are blaming me,\" he said.Deotale also claimed that he came to know about Dhanorkar's externment only from newspapers. \"Dhanorkar can approach court if he feels that action taken against him is wrong,\" said Deotale.Superintendent of police (SP) Rajiv Jain denied any political pressure in externment of Dhanorkar. He said, \"The proposal for Dhanorkar's externment was pending since 2008, when he had 12 offences registered against him. Later, 13 more offences were registered against him. This was brought to my notice during a meeting. There were some technical issues in the proposal, which were rectified and the process expedited,\" explained Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16416194", "title": "Bail denied to Tirodkar in Sadiq Jamal killing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special CBI court on Saturday denied bail to Ketan Tirodkar, a former Mumbai journalist and an accused in the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case.Special judge K B Gujarathi turned down Tirodkar's bail plea after the probe agency vehemently opposed the application.Tirodkar sought bail citing his earlier arrest in Mumbai on the basis of an affidavit he had filed in the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) court after Sadiq was killed in Ahmedabad in 2003. He claimed that the Mumbai police lodged an FIR with charges of murder on the basis of his confession, and that among the offences revealed by him, only Sadiq's episode attracted charges of murder and conspiracy.Tirodkar submitted that he had no time to raise the issue, when he was arrested. He contended that he would have appraised the probe agency about his earlier arrest, had he not been arrested in a hurried manner. Claiming that he has been co-operating with the investigators and he has always wished that this encounter case should be probed, Tirodkar contended that he should not have been arrested at all in the same case for the second time.On the other hand, the CBI rubbished Tirodkar's claims and submitted before the court that Tirodkar's statement itself is so self-explanatory that his involvement in the crime is explicit. It was also highlighted that Tirodkar had not appeared before the investigating officer in response to various summons issued. It was only when the issue was raised in Gujarat high court (HC), the former journalist appeared and then only, he could be arrested.Tirodkar's statement on oath that was filed before the MCOCA court as well as his affidavit tendered before HC were the foundation on which HC ordered a fresh probe by the CBI in this encounter case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16419482", "title": "Fun at work boosts creativity and productivity", "text": "LONDON: A number of companies seem to be following in the footsteps of Google and LinkedIn by encouraging fun in their workplaces, it has been revealed.While Google employees are paid to play beach volleyball, go bowling or scale a climbing wall, employees at LinkedIn can play foosball or ping-pong when they tire of answering emails.\"I think there are some enlightened companies that are beginning to get this, especially companies in research and development and design,\" Fox News quoted Dr Stuart Brown, founder of the National Institute for Play, as saying.Brown offers play consulting for tech and non-tech companies, including Whole Foods as not only does having a playful atmosphere attract young talent, but experts say play at work can boost creativity and productivity in people of all ages.\"There is good evidence that if you allow employees to engage in something they want to do, (which) is playful, there are better outcomes in terms of productivity and motivation,\" Brown said.Play can also lower your stress levels, boost optimism, and increase motivation to move up in a company and improve concentration and perseverance.\"All sorts of creative new connections are made when you're playing that otherwise would never be made,\" Brown added.Playing also engages the creative side of your brain. When you're fully engaged in play, you lose some of your psychological barriers and stop censoring or editing your thoughts. This allows creative ideas to flow more freely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16416217", "title": "Bandh over land row in Nagri peaceful", "text": "RANCHI: The statewide bandh called by the Jharkhand Disom Party (JDP) on Saturday to protest against acquisition of agricultural land to set up IIM and National Law University remained largely peaceful barring a few incidents.In Khunti district, a group of agitators forced traders to pull down their shutters and ransacked some shops. In East and West Singhbhum districts, the bandh supporters tried to block movements of trains which had a minor affect on movements of trains.The shutdown, however, did not affect life across the state.A large number of security personnel were deployed across the state capital and in other districts. Jharkhand police spokesperson S N Pradhan said, \"The bandh was peaceful and no untoward incident was reported from anywhere.\"The JDP is centered in East Singhbhum district. Groups of protesters took to streets in Jamshedpur to enforce the bandh in the morning. It did not affect normal business though. JDP president Salkhan Murmu said, \"The Jharkhand government, governor and the high court are responsible for the plight of Nagri villagers. Forceful acquisition of land which is the sole source of income for the villagers amounts to violation of human rights.\"According to agitators, Nagri comes under the scheduled area of the state. \"The government is ignoring the provisions of the schedule areas,\" an agitator said.The JDP president has declared he would start an indefinite hunger strike near Raj Bhavan on October 2.\"I will lay down my life for the rights of Nagri villagers. JDP has written to the President of India and the National Human Rights Commission for drawing their attention to the issue,\" he said.Among other demands of the party were the implementation of the domicile policy, giving rights to the elected panchyat representatives and regularization of para teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16417456", "title": "After 18 yrs, Haryana gets rights panel", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After 18-year wait, Haryana will finally have a state human rights commission. The state government on Saturday recommended names for a three-member panel.A committee, headed by chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , has recommended former Chief Justice of Punjab and Haryana high court Vijender Jain as its chairperson while former judge of Himachal Pradesh high court H S Bhalla and retired IAS officer J S Ahlawat will be the other two members. The governor will soon issue the formal orders for the appointments.Haryana is the 19th state in the country to set up the human rights commission. The state government had started considering formation of the rights panel in 1994, when the Union government and National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) initiated efforts for such state bodies.Around 3,000 cases from Haryana were annually registered with the NHRC. These cases relate to police high-handedness, discrimination against women, human rights violations in jails and caste-based discrimination.Its neighbouring states, Punjab and Himachal Pradesh, had formed the human rights commissions much before. Term of the commission will be for five years.Leader of opposition in Haryana assembly and former chief minister Om Prakash Chautala , who is also a member of the panel to select the members of the rights commission, opposed the appointment of Vijender Jain as chairperson of the panel, saying he was a \"controversial person\". Chautala criticized the government for not recommending any woman to the panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16415757", "title": "'Wind up BRTS? OMG!'", "text": "INDORE: President of state assembly estimates committee Omprakash Saklecha's suggestion to wind up the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor project terming it as a \"flop project,\" has found no takers in the city. People from cross sections of the society have denounced terminating a project that aims to provide a much-needed better public transport and is now in its last leg of completion.\"How can one tag a project as a hit or a flop when it is yet to be completed. There may be some faults and technical lacunae in the project and those can be fixed instead of closing the project altogether,\" said Rajendra Ravi, president of Institute of Democracy and Sustainability, an agency working for the promotion of public transport.Shreeprakash of Rupankan, an NGO working to create awareness about benefits of public transport, said that there were certain technical problems and obstacles for the completion of the project, but it is the job of authority concerned to deal with it and complete the project in time. \"BRTS is a pro-people project and will improve the public transport. Unfortunately, the authorities concerned are showing no seriousness to complete the project in time. Delay in completion and inconvenience due to it are creating negative impression of the project,\" he said adding the authorities should first make their concept clear about BRTS. \"The design should have been localized keeping in mind the local requirements,\" he said.Former architect of IDA Vijay Marathe said that there was no problem with the BRTS but it is the people who need to change their mindset. \"Even if you make the road 300 feet wide, there will be chaos if people don't have traffic sense. So it is not the road or the project to be blamed but the habit of the people which needs to be changed. Weather the project is hit or flop will be decided after the service starts. People will understand its benefits only after they will experience it,\" he said. IDA officials too accept that closing the project at this point of time was not possible. \"BRTS is almost complete and efforts are being made to remove the obstacles including religious places for its completion,\" an official with the IDA said.Saklecha's takes U-turnIndore: Facing bitter criticism over his suggestion to shut down BRTS project, president of state assembly estimates committee Omprakash Saklecha on Saturday backtracked from his suggestion saying that he was misquoted. \"I never made suggestions to close the project. I have made few suggestion to make BRTS more user friendly and successful. Instead of having just two lanes for general traffic, I had suggested to increase the lanes to three to ensure smooth movement of traffic and prevent any traffic jams. I had also made suggestions to construct either an over-bridge or an under-bridge for pedestrians to cross the roads,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16416828", "title": "Re-heat cooking oil, invite cancer: Experts", "text": "NASHIK: International oncologists attending the three-day cancer awareness workshop held in the city said incidences of the disease are not only on the rise in India but across the world.According to the medical experts there has been a 90% rise in cancer cases in the country. \"Fertlizers and pesticides used in crops are dangerous. Fast food is another leading cause. Cooking processess where the same oil is repeatedly used for frying is another contributing factor,\" said Dr Purvish Parikh, president of the Indian Cooperative Oncology Network (ICON).\"Instances of oral cancer are higher in India due to consumption of tobacco and gutkha,\" Parikh added.Breast cancer specialist, Dr D S Bhattacharya said the extent of surgery has been reduced with technologies that only remove the lump. Dr Parikh added that chemotherapy could shrink the lump after which surgery is performed.'Ayurveda can play key role 'Secrecy in Ayurvedic knowledge is a hindrance in bringing the body of medicine under scientific research, oncologists attending a cancer awareness workshop in the city, said. \"Ayurveda has a role to play. We have to find out that is. It can be brought under a scientific perspective,\" said Dr D S Bhattacharya, a breast cancer speciali st.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16417155", "title": "\u2018Save a number on your mobile phone that\u2019ll help identify you\u2019", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police are planning to request people to save at least one number in their mobile phones that can be contacted by anyone to inform their relatives or friends in case of an emergency.Additional director general of police (ADGP) North Zone N Shanker Reddy said this would help rescue workers, hospital staff or police to pass on the information about an individual in the event of an accident. \"Often, those who rush to rescue a person when an accident takes place will not know who the person is even though they may get the person's mobile phone. If a number is saved in the phone in a particular code - for example ICE (in case of emergency) - that will help rescue workers identify the person. We are planning to conduct a campaign on this issue,\" said Shanker Reddy, who assumed charge only two days ago.He said he was streamlining the traffic force to concentrate more on areas that needed more attention. \"The city has grown much and the number of vehicles hitting the road has increased manifold.Traffic police, which has a limited manpower, cannot handle the situation on its own,\" said Reddy, who was the city police commissioner in 1994.The ADGP has directed officers, including those working with the local police, to be on the road at least during peak hours. \"The presence of officers on the road will be a deterrent against wilful violation. The help from police officers attached to local stations will ease the burden of the traffic police,\" he said.Shanker Reddy said he had advised his men to liberally use digital video cameras at their disposal to record traffic violations. \"When I was with the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau, we widely used spy cameras to net erring officials. It will give you proof that cannot be questioned,\" he said. \"Presence of policemen with cameras on the road will discourage people from violating traffic rules,\" he added.The ADGP believes that efficient management of available resources is the only way to overcome the shortage of personnel and equipment. \"We could multiply the revenue of the Kerala State Beverages Corporation only by rearranging the weekly off of the staff,\" said Shanker Reddy, who was the managing director of the corporation for over six years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "16415152", "title": "HC denies bail to Sena leader, arrested", "text": "AKOLA: Senior Shiv Sena leader Gulabrao Gawande was arrested after his bail plea was rejected on Friday. However, immediately after his arrest, Gawande complained of ill health and the police admitted him in a private hospital.Gulabrao along with Jagan Gawande and Narendra Pathak were involved in an assault case registered on June 12. The police had registered offence on the basis of a complaint filed by notorious criminal Virsingh Balode. According to complaint, Balode was cornered and beaten up by the trio over a land dispute. Offences were registered against the trio under section 324 of IPC.Gulabrao had applied for anticipatory bail in a local court as well as high court but in vain. Following court's bail denial, the cops brought him to the police station but immediately shifted him to general hospital after he complained of uneasiness. However, on his personal request, Gulabrao was shifted to a private hospital.Gulabrao informed that Balode alias Bhurya had a notorious reputation for his criminal activities in the Khadan area. Several offences including rape, extortion and murder were registered against him. Gulabrao was fighting out Balode's ills for the villagers' sake who were being harassed.Denying that he bashed up Balode, Gulabrao said that on that fateful day, he encountered Balode who was illegally selling liquor. On seeing Gulabrao, Balode tried to flee and stumbled to injure himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415210", "title": "Cong worries as corporators plan to join Jaganmohan Reddy's party", "text": "HYDERABAD: With several corporators of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) making moves to defect to YSR Congress Party (YSRCP), the Congress has started damage control measures to keep its flock together. Four Congress and a Telugu Desam Party (TDP) corporator have officially joined the YSRCP, while another 20 from the Congress are reportedly in touch with YSRCP managers. Worried over these reports, Greater Hyderabad Congress leaders are reportedly offering a variety of sops, including 300-square yard plot, nominated posts and municipal contracts.Of the total 150 divisions, Congress has 55 corporators. Seethaphalmandi Congress corporator Adam Vijayakumar was the first corporator to jump on the YSRCP bandwagon one-and-half-years ago and he is now convenor of its Greater Hyderabad wing. Recently, Congress corporators from Habsiguda S Harivardhan Reddy, Suraram Colony corporator G Suryanarayan Reddy, Cherlapalli corporator (affiliate member) Singireddy Dhanpal Reddy and TDP corporator from RK Puram division D Surekha along with her husband joined the YSRCP.Sources said former mayor and Tarnaka corporator Banda Karthika Reddy's name is also doing rounds in party circles that she might join the YSRCP. Karthika Reddy along with her husband Chandra Reddy even met YS Jaganmohan Reddy after she was denied an extension at the end of her two-year term in January. Moreover, she has differences with Greater Hyderabad Congress president Danam Nagender. However, the former mayor told STOI that as of now she has no such plans.Though candidates fought municipal elections and got elected on party symbol, they would not lose their corporator post and the only action the party can take is to expel the member from party.Officials said before the GHMC Act was amended in 2008, there was a provision in the Hyderabad Municipal Corporation Act, 1955, wherein if any corporator deserts the party after he got elected and moves to another party, he/she would lose membership apart from expulsion from the party. But those provisions were deleted in the GHMC Act for unknown reasons. That means, in the prevailing conditions, parties can only suspend their members if they defect.Perturbed with reports of likely defections, Greater Hyderabad Congress president and city minister Danam Nagender held a meeting with Congress corporators a couple of weeks ago. However, about 15 corporators, mostly from Jubilee Hills and Sanathnagar assembly constituencies, did not attend the meeting. Congress sources said they have been talking to fence-sitters and trying to convince them to remain in party fold. \"The meeting held with corporators recently was aimed at strengthening the party in Greater Hyderabad. Similar meetings will be held every month from now,\" Congress floor leader in GHMC Kaleru Venkatesh told STOI.He admitted that many corporators were unhappy with the party as their services were not being recognised by the party. \"Congress MLAs in the city do not want corporators to grow in their constituency. When there was an election for deputy mayor post eight months ago, many Congress MLAs went and told the PCC president and the chief minister not to give the post to corporators in their jurisdiction,\" Venkatesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16422222", "title": "India, Maldives to step up defence ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Maldives on Sunday agreed on a slew of measures to step up their cooperation in defence and security related issues as well as agreed to work closely towards stability in the region and ensure maritime security in Indian Ocean. At a high level meeting between defence minister A K Antony and his Maldivian counterpart, Col (Retd) Mohamed Nazim, in Male, the two sides decided to 'maintain close cooperation in unitedly fighting against challenges of terrorists and non- state actors'.Antony's three day visit to Maldives comes in the backdrop of China renewing its efforts to expand its footprint in the strategically located archipelago. \"Maldives will stand side - by- side with India to ensure that maritime security of Indian Ocean is ensured; that the stability in the region is maintained; and above all, that the threats that our two countries face, particularly from terrorist groups and other non-state actors are eliminated, \" said Mohamed Nazim. \"Governments will change both in the Maldives and India.Yet, the enduring friendship that exists between the two countries will only improve and expand,\" he added. Antony, in turn, conveyed the decision to position the Indian ALH Dhruv helicopter, already operating in Maldives since 2010, for a further period of two years. He said the helicopter had been upgraded with night flying capabilities during its recent overhaul at HAL Bangalore.Antony said a team of Qualified Flying Instructors will now also be deputed to train Maldivian Air Wing personnel. India will also provide simulator training to Maldivian helicopter pilots at HAL, Bangalore. To a request from Nazim for an additional ALH for deployment in the Northern Province for medical evacuation purposes, Antony assured him that he would try to fulfill this request at the earliest.New Delhi has also decided to station a defence attache at Male. Appreciating the move, Nazim said that the move will help in enhancing and streamlining the bilateral dialogue process. Antony also conveyed India's support for the construction of the Maldivian National Defence Forces Building. The two sides also appreciated the ongoing efforts of the Indian Navy war ships and aircraft in providing surveillance of the Maldivian EEZ, on a monthly basis, in view of the incidents of piracy occurring close to Maldives and Lakshadweep and Minicoy islands.Moreover, on a request from the Male, India has decided to position an Indian Navy Afloat Support Team at Maldives for a period of one year to help in smooth functioning and operations of the latter's fleet and help in training their personnel for future maintenance operations. Antony said joint exercises between our two armed forces were also contributing to better understanding and cooperation.The next Joint Army Exercise, Ekuverin, is planned for November 2012, he said. Antony said the maritime forces of both countries should work together not only for the sake of safety for maritime trade but also to prevent disruptive forces from engaging in activities which may threaten peace in our countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415435", "title": "AIFF appoints Khanolkar as coach of Indian girls' U-16 team", "text": "MUMBAI: Western India Football Association's Raghuvir Khanolkar has been appointed by AIFF as goalkeeping coach of the Indian girls' U-16 team. The team will take part in the AFC U-16 Women's Championship qualifiers in Sri Lanka in November.The AFC 'B' license coach has conducted several AIFF 'D' license courses all over the state. Raghu has also completed an AFC GK Level One course and has previously coached the Indian Railways team in two Santosh Trophy campaigns.The training camp for girls is being held at SAI, Gandhinagar. The team will leave for Sri Lanka in the first week of November. India have been drawn in Group B with Sri Lanka and Uzbekistan.2 city coaches get MUSS certificationManchester United Soccer Schools accreted two Maharashtra-based football coaches through its rigorous coach development program. The coaches, Alex Ambrose and Pramod Brid, who support the MUSS team of Chris O'Brien and Mick Bennett, come from playing and coaching backgrounds and have proved their commitment to developing young football talent in Mumbai.Akshay nets winnerBharat FC laboured to a hard-fought 1-0 win against Bombay Gymkhana Colts in a second division match of the Mumbai District Football Association League, at the St Xavier's ground, Parel, on Saturday. Akshay Panwar netted the winning goalResults:Div-III: Soccer Club of Chincholi 2 (Thomson D'Souza, Sagar Amre) bt Skorost SC 1 (Aman D); Patrakar Vikas FC 1 (Shanuk Bhogle) bt Vijaylaxmi Mandal 0; Virar FC 5 (Unni Kavil 2, Steven Sequeira, Hemant, Manmohan) bt South Mumbai United 0Div-II: Bharat FC 1 (Akshay Panwar) bt Bombay Gymkhana Colts 0", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16415691", "title": "Parents fume over affiliation to Campion", "text": "BHOPAL: Affiliation given to the Campion School, Bairagarh by the district education officer recently has left the parents fuming. The school has been running for the past five years under the garb of CBSE affiliation. This year, the parents had complained to CBSE after the fee hike by the authorities to which CBSE replied stating that the school was not affiliated to the board. The parents then complained against the fee hike to the education minister, collector and district education officer (DEO).The DEO had formed an inspection team as well for the complaint which had the additional director R S Sharma, principals I D Shukla and Amrit Kaur. The committee submitted its report in the month of July stating lack of facilities at the school. How can a school without a library, playground and other facilities be granted affiliation by the DEO till class VIII, ask parents. Chairperson of Shiksha Sudhar Manch, Manoj Singh Gautam said, \"This is a clear case of fraud. Even though we have all the supporting documents for proof , the police have not registered an FIR against the police.\" According to sources, it was revealed during the investigation that the school possessed affiliation only till class I. Later, in the first week of September the school was given affiliation by the DEO in haste. The inspection team constituted by the DEO also did not comply with the Right to Education (RTE) Act norms as there was supposed to be two more members, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16416984", "title": "Gave N-tech to 2 countries on Benazir's orders: A Q Khan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's disgraced nuclear scientist A Q Khan has claimed that he had transfered nuclear technology to 'two countries' on the orders of slain former premier Benazir Bhutto.\"The then Prime Minister Mohtarma Benazir Bhutto summoned me and named the two countries which were to be assisted and issued clear directions in this regard,\" Khan said in an interview with the Jang media group. He did not name the two countries.Khan claimed he had no option but to obey Bhutto, who was killed by a suicide attacker in late 2007. \"I was not independent but was bound to abide by the orders of the PM, hence I did take this step in compliance with her order,\" he said. \"The PM would have certainly known about the role and cooperation of the two countries, mentioned by her, in our national interest,\" he claimed.The transfer of nuclear technology is not easy and at least 800 people supervise the process, said Khan, who was placed under house arrest after he acknowledged in 2004 that he had run a clandestine proliferation ring. Libya and North Korea are among the countries to which Khan's ring supplied nuclear technology and know-how. The People's Party-led government has eased restrictions on Khan over past few years.Khan has also retracted his confession, claiming he was pressured to acknowledge on TV that he had run a proliferation network.Khan said former PM Nawaz Sharif, who now claims credit for the 1998 nuclear tests, was \"absolutely not ready to conduct\" the blasts and didn't want to do so because of fear the US might be annoyed and his government might be threatened.Through some of his aides, who were also Khan's friends, Sharif tried to convince the scientist to win international sympathy by staying silent in response to Indian nuclear tests in 1998, Khan claimed. \"But I made it clear that if he did so, I shall put the facts before the media. After this, Nawaz Sharif was compelled to conduct the nuclear tests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16415456", "title": "Getting a grip on fear with meditation", "text": "BHOPAL: Nineteen-year-old Shubham Chandak was not able to concentrate on his studies as he began preparing for the IIT after clearing his class XII exam from Jawahar Lal Nehru School.There was tremendous amount of tension and pressure before and after the preparations, said Shubham who later cracked the IIT in the first go. My father suggested meditation to cope with the fear factor.Another teenager Matrayee Humane, who passed from the St Joseph's Convent, opted for meditation for managing stress.There was a fear of failure in my mind creating stress all the time, reminisces Maitrayee, who is now preparing for CPMT exam.Students these days are more concerned about the success of their classmates or colleagues. Their khushi aur gam depend on the marks achieved by his or friends , she said.\"The meditation has taught me to stay focused on goals. It not only taught me how to handle the failure, but also removed the fear of failure.\"\"You need to start afresh from the point where you ended,\" said the 16-year-old girl philosophically.Twelve-year-old Anushree Rawat, a student of St Joseph Co-Ed School has also forayed into the world of this form of meditation to prepare in advance for the future.\"It has improved my focus and now I am more attentive,\" the little girl said with a twinkle in her eyes. \"Ab padhaaee se jyada dar nahi lagtaa\".Children from 8 years of age to as old as 25 years of age have been regularly turning to the meditation for stress management.In the last few years, more than 2,500 children and youth of this age group have gone through training courses in the Vipassana centre in the sylvan surroundings of Kerwa in Bhopal.Anapana is the first step to Vipasaana and is a technique to observe the natural normal breath.\"When you are 8, your mind is highly impressionable and you are still learning. Derived from Pali language, Anapana meditation prepares you for the coming years to face the tough life,\" says Uma Kela, a Vipassana practioner for the past 40 years.There are short-courses of 1 day- six hours to be precise- for the children of 8 to 12 year of age. There are different courses for 13 year to 16 year of age and 16 to 19 year of age group.Ayushee Rawat, class 10 student and sister of Anushree, says, \"I was not able to control my anger before I started meditation.\"\"I would get irritated with smaller things and was not able to plan out things before I went for meditation.\"She said that meditation has helped her a lot and she is now more focused on studies. It also helped me in quick decision making, she said.Deepak Rawat, father of Ayushee and Arushi said he had few things in his mind before he took his daughters for meditation.\"It purifies your mind and allows you to understand the line that separates the good and the bad. It relaxed you and let you focus on your studies.\"A civil engineer and an interior designer by profession, he said, \"my daughters are not mentally tough and strong\".Ashok Kela,70, and a Vipassana practioner for more than 40 years said, \"The modern day life with cut-throat competition creates tension, anxiety and fear due to pressure. Pressure to perform and achieve. As youths struggle, this meditation technique helps overcome these problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16416335", "title": "Odisha yet to decide on FDI in retail", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Having strongly opposed foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail last year, the Odisha government seemed non-committal about the issue on Saturday. \"The Centre has left the decision to state governments. We will examine it thoroughly and do whatever is best for Odisha,\" chief minister Naveen Patnaik said, reacting to the Union government's decision to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail.Naveen's partymate and Cuttack MP Bhatruhari Mahatab, in turn, pointed out that no city was as of now eligible for FDI related multi-brand retail projects. \"Cities that have a population of 10 lakh and above only are eligible for such projects,\" he said. Bhubaneswar, going by the 2011 census, has 8.37 lakh people.Last November, the state government resisted the Congress-led UPA government's move to permit 51% FDI in multi-brand retail and demanded its rollback. The chief minister, in a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on November 28, 2011, had urged Singh to reconsider the matter and withdraw the policy immediately.\"In our considered view this policy is ill-advised and highly regressive,\" Naveen had observed, adding, \"You will no doubt agree with me that the biggest challenge facing the country today is the persistent double digit inflation which is adversely impacting the life of the common man. Instead of taking immediate steps to tackle this problem the central government has now allowed FDI in a sector which provides employment to a major section of the of the workforce in the country. This move will only favour the large MNCs which will have monopoly over retail trade in this country.\"The CM had suggested that instead of allowing FDI in retail the Union government should have strengthened the marketing opportunities for farmers and small-scale manufacturers in the country through appropriate supply side interventions, including stepping up investment in rural infrastructure and research and development for augmenting farm productivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16416281", "title": "No breakthrough in old woman's murder", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police are yet to make any breakthrough in the murder of an elderly woman and brutal attack on her husband in Acharya Vihar of the city on Friday.While Jyotsnadebi Panigrahy (75) was found strangled, her husband Kunjabihari (81) was found seriously injured on his face and chest on second floor of the three-storeyed house, accommodating 96 tenants. Kunjabihari continues to be very critical and on ventilator support in a private hospital, a doctor attending on him, said. Police said the elderly couple returned to their residence around 8.30 pm. Police suspect they were attacked between 8.30 pm to 9.30 pm by one or more persons who knew them well.Some volunteers collecting donations for Ganesh puja had reportedly visited the elderly couple after 8.30 pm and had also received undisclosed amount of donations from them. Police are also investigating whether they had a role in the crime or knowledge about it. A grandson of the couple, who stays elsewhere, said a laptop, a DVD and two mobile phones were missing from the house. However, jewellery worn by Jyotsnadebi were found intact. He suspected involvement of acquaintances. Police hope they would resolve the case soon. \"We are investigating the case from all angles and hope for an early breakthrough,\" said DCP Nitinjit Singh.Wary of their safety, a group of senior citizens on Saturday met twin city police commissioner Sunil Roy and raised the safety issue with him. \"Elderly couple who are staying alone are particularly vulnerable. We apprised the matter to the commissioner,\" said Krupasindhu, an elderly man who was among those who met the commissioner. Telling the elderly not to worry, Roy said, \"Police are investigating into the specific case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16416759", "title": "Student polls cancelled after HC order", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities at SN Sen Degree College and Jwala Devi Girls Degree College have cancelled the student body elections scheduled to be held on September 22 and September 15 respectively in view of the High Court stay on the same.Dr Sandhya Chaturvedi, principal, Jwala Devi Girls PG College confirmed that the student body elections scheduled for September 15 have been cancelled.The decision has been taken by the college management in the backdrop of the stay on student union elections in affiliated colleges of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University of Kanpur issued by the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court.The order came from the bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit on a writ petition filed by a committee of management of PPN College in the Kanpur.The court also directed the principal secretary (higher education) to file an affidavit as to why the state government has not categorised large universities for implementation of the recommendations made in a Supreme Court judgment in 2006. The court would now hear the case on September 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16416717", "title": "Canvassing for raw talent", "text": "Sunil Sree is a regular at wine shops in Chennai. But it's not alcohol that draws him there. The 29-year-old artist coaxes shop owners to tack up a brightly painted plywood board and paste holograms from used bottles onto it.\"I leave it there for a week or a month and then take it back and paint images onto it,\" says Sree. What fascinates him is the sense of time lapse he gets from the board. \"People paste holograms, then try to remove them or paste others,\" he says. \"In a way, it tells you they were there in that place at that point of time,\" says Sree, who also utilises used train tickets and sweet bottles for the same purpose.Sree is one of four Chennai artists who will showcase their work at the first edition of the United Art Fair (UAF), which will be held in New Delhi from September 27 to 30. The brainchild of Annurag Sharma, managing director of United Art Logistics Pvt Ltd, an art shipping company, the event will provide a national platform to 520 young and emerging artists from across India.\"At art fairs, galleries usually book the space and present their artists. But we realised that there are many artists who never get represented by any gallery,\" says project director and chief curator Johny ML. \"This is a platform where artists can come directly, present and sell their work.\" To make the grade, artists had to apply with a bio data and representative works. A panel consisting of sculptors, painters, art critics, curators and art administrators selected the participants.Chennai-based artist Aneesh KR feels UAF will give a boost to artists who are looking to make a mark. \"Generally we have to go through galleries and that has its own constraints as they have limited space where they have to exhibit the work of several artists,\" says the 26-year-old, who will exhibiting a few paintings and photographs.\"At UAF, I can exhibit the best of my work,\" says Aneesh, who has done shows in India and abroad. Most of the works of the Chennai artists are based on their own personal experiences and the way they see the world. \"My work is about people and how I perceive them and the way they use material things,\" says the 29-year-old, who works with common materials. \"Instead of drawing a bottle, I use it directly.\" One of his entries is a glass bottle, usually used in little shops to store sweets, which contains some of his painting and installation work.Shinod Akkaraparambil's series of six paintings are on the theme of multitude. \"It is about the multitude of emotions a person feels and is drawn from my own feelings while living in New Delhi and Chennai,\" he says. UAF has also invited 41 well-known artists like Latika Katt, Amitava Das, Rameshwar Broota, Pablo Bartholomew and Ram Rahman to display their work in a separate section 'Mind The Gap Now'. A sculpture park at the entrance will feature a 21 foot tall bronze sculpture, 'Time, Tide And Growth' by KS Radhakrishnan, and Subodh Kerkar's 'Bread Route', a fiberglass installation that maps colonialism along the Indian coast, especially Goa.\"It is a great opportunity for us to display our works along with established senior artists,\" says Kiran TU, who will be exhibiting photographs as well as a video art installation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419808", "title": "Of the many homes where MF Husain lived", "text": "On the eve of his 99th birth anniversary, Mirror remembers artist MF Husain on a walk from his first residence to his last, with journalist-filmmaker Khalid MohamedArmed with a paint brush and palette, the late Maqbool Fida Husain went wherever his fancy took him. Born in 1913 in Pandharpur, a tiny hamlet of Maharashtra, Husain studied at a school in Indore before he arrived in Mumbai in the mid-1930s, carrying with him dreams of becoming an artist. Then 19, Husain lived on pavements of the notorious Peela House, and earned a living making billboards.Later, he moved to the nearby Badar Bagh, where he lived for 15 years with a family of six in a tiny room. In the 1960s, he changed his address from Mahim to Mumbai Central.In 1972, the residence moved further south to the plush Cuffe Parade; the same residence that was reportedly attacked by Bajrang Dal members in 1998. A series of cases alleging the obscene depiction of Hindu goddesses in his paintings resulted in a non-bailable warrant after he failed to respond to summons. From 2006, the artist, who was living in self-imposed exile, shuttled between Dubai and London before he settled for a Qatari citizenship in 2010, for \"practical purposes\", as he said in interviews.But it was Mumbai that he considered home, and often expressed the desire to return. That didn't happen. The 97-year-old passed away in London last year. It's a guilt Mumbai will have to live with. But there are traces that he has left behind. Khalid Mohamed, who is working on Husain's authorised biography, helps chart the self taught artist's trail.Akash Ganga, Bhulabhai Desai RoadOur first stop was Akash Ganga \u2014 the Progressive Artists Group (PAG) hub \u2014 on Bhulabhai Desai Road. In 1947, Husain, along with artists Manishi Dey, S K Bakre, Akbar Padamsee, Ram Kumar and Tyeb Mehta, joined the PAG that was founded by fellow contemporaries F N Souza and S H Raza. Although greatly influenced by European art, the aim of PAG was to give a voice to work that was reflective of the newly-independent India. Besides, this revolutionary organisation in the post-independence art scene, wished to break away from revivalist nationalism established by the Bengal school of art.Today, the first floor of the building that housed PAG, is home to hair and beauty salons. The little library that once stood on the ground floor is now a porcelain and marble curio shop called Heritage.Alfred Talkies' pavement and photo studio, Peela HouseThe next stop \u2014 Peela House \u2014 stands not too far away from Badar Bagh. Once the heart of Mumbai's red light district, it was Husain's first address in the city. He slept on the pavement outside Alfred Talkies on most nights, and painted cinema hoardings by day. He is said to have sketched the portrait of a restaurant owner in the area, in exchange for free meals for a whole month. Around the corner of the road stand two photo-studios that once carried fabric scenery backgrounds painted by him. Mohamed agreed to pose in one of the booths.Badar Bagh, Grant RoadRemoved from the fancy air that spins at Bhulabhai Desai Road, Badar Bagh is more reminiscent of Husain. Residents are eager to share stories of their old neighbour from the 1930s-40s. The shed (right) where he painted cinema hoardings still stands, although now dilapidated. Husain met his wife Fazila Bibi here. \"Whenever Fazila Bibi was alone and wanted him to come over, she would keep a soap dish outside the window as a signal,\" Mohamed shares. The tiny room where they lived after marriage and had their children (Shamshad, Shafad, Mustafa, Raisa, Aqeela), barring Owais, is now occupied by his relative Khadija Mohammed Nasir.Goorishina, Mumbai CentralHusain moved to the Mumbai Central two-bedroom apartment in 1967. This is where he worked on his film, Through the Eyes of a Painter and started work on his first series of graphics, Passage into the Human Space, and the famous oil on canvas, Mithuna. Artists Bal Chhabda and Tyeb Mehta were frequent visitors here. The house, apparently, still belongs to the family, although it stands locked. Neighbours are full of stories of Husain's flamboyance. Sushilabai, a domestic help, who works next door at the Tinwalas, invites us into the living room, pointing to a large painting. \"He gifted it to my employer when she got married. Husain didn't have money to buy them a present, so he painted this for her,\" she says.Jolly Maker 3, Cuffe ParadeSeen, is a picture taken by photographer-scriptwriter Sooni Taraporevala in 2003 at his Cuffe Parade residence; Husain's last address in Mumbai. He lived in the three-bedroom apartment for more than two decades before leaving in 2006. Husain created several of his significant artworks here, including the Mother Teresa series. This is the same residence that was reportedly attacked in 1998.Reema.Gehi @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "dharamsala", "code": "16422191", "title": "Anurag Thakur is now member of Asian Cricket Council", "text": "DHARAMSALA: BCCI joint secretary and Hamirpur BJP MP, Anuraag Thakur has been inducted as member of executive board of the Asian Cricket Council (ACC).BCCI chief N Srinivasan is also the president of ACC. Conforming the development, Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association general secretary, Vishal Marwah said, \"If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner.\"The ACC promotes and develops cricket in the Asian region.It has 25 members and its headquarter is in Kuala Lumpur. Thakur has already served as vice chairman, National Cricket Academy, and member of the national junior selection committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "16416997", "title": "Punjab National Bank manager held for Rs 31 lakh fraud", "text": "SASARAM: The police on Saturday arrested a Punjab National Bank (PNB) manager on the charge of defalcating Rs 31 lakh deposited by clients between May to July, 2012. He was arrested from the main PNB branch at Sasaram, police said. A co-accused in the case had committed suicide in July when the defalcation came to light.Sources said the branch manager, Lala Birbhadra, committed the fraud along with a sweeper when he was posted at PNB's Nokha branch in Rohtas district. The manager used the sweeper, Jeetendra Prasad, who had been hired on Rs 1,500 per month, as cashier. The sweeper-cum-cashier received the cash from cliwents at the cash counter and after putting his signature and stamp, gave the counterfoil of the paying slip. But he did not deposit the amount in the bank. When the clients came to know of the fraud, they started mounting pressure on the sweeper and manager to return the amount to them.Meanwhile, the branch manager was transferred to Sasaram branch of PNB and the sweeper was removed from service. Unable to bear the pressure, the sweeper committed suicide here. Finding no other option, the clients lodged an FIR with the Nokha police station in the last week of August. After investigation, police found the allegation against the manager true. He was arrested on Saturday and sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16415870", "title": "25 yrs after dog bite, man gets, dies of rabies", "text": "PANAJI: A 48-year-old man from Karnataka working in Goa was diagnosed with rabies 25 years after the dog bite he received, Annals of Indian Academy of Neurology has reported in its latest issue. The unusual case has been recorded at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim.The patient was admitted to GMC in November 2009 and was reported to have been bitten by a dog at the age of 23. He had not received medical attention at that time.The publication states that in cases around the world incubation periods of 14 to 19 years have been reported between the dog bite and the manifestation of symptoms of rabies. It could, however, not be established for definite that in this case there was no subsequent exposure to a dog, such as by way of licking etc.The man was admitted to GMC with a history of fear of water and air.He gave a definite history of dog bite on the leg 25 years ago and no other contact with known rabid canine subsequently. He could not provide history of vaccination or medical attention at that time. During the clinical examination, he was anxious and scared at the sight of water, flow of air under a fan, as noted by the medical residents and consultants, the study states.Two days after admission in GMC, the patient's phobia seemed to have reduced, as he suddenly went to the bathroom to wash his face and drank a glass of water as well. He was reported to be conscious, alert and well-oriented to time and space. This cast doubts on the diagnosis even though the features of hydrophobia and photophobia suggested rabies encephalitis.\"He was then referred to the general hospital for further management. However, he went to a private hospital in the zone. Within a few hours, he succumbed. Following the allegation of medical negligence by the guardian because of sudden deterioration and death, the body was shifted to the forensics department at Goa Medical College to establish the cause of death,\" the study states. The forensic report established the definitive diagnosis of rabies encephalitis.The journal states that rabies accounts for over 20,000 deaths in India and that the disease can be easily mistaken in the early stages to be other conditions and often has to be established through a postmortem after death.Explaining the prolonged incubation period in the case reported in Goa, the study states, \"In rabies, the incubation period (the interval between exposure and the first symptom) is more variable than any other acute infection. During the incubation period, it is suggested that the virus is probably sequestered in the skeletal muscle at the site of bite, while the exposed person remains asymptomatic.\"The study notes that the man came to Goa in search of a livelihood 25 years ago and lived in a semi-urban area of the state. He was employed to deliver milk in nearby areas and residents of the colony reported that he suffered a dog bite at this stage. Residents said the victim was a lover of dogs and would caress dogs. At the same time that he suffered the dog bite, the carcasses of two dogs were lifted from the area, residents remembered.\"I was also part of the team that conducted the postmortem following the death. We had also sent some samples to Bangalore for testing and it was confirmed to be a case of rabies. The male patient was residing in and around Dona Paula and was seen to be suffering from hydrophobia. For an incubation period of close to 25 years, it's a highly unusual case,\" said Dr R G W Pinto, head of the department of pathology at GMC and one of the authors of the study. The other authors are Dr S K Shankar, Dr Anita Mahadevan, Dr Silvano Dias Sapeco, Dr M S G Ghodkirekar and Dr S N Madhusdana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/ koraput", "code": "16416243", "title": "CM opposes sale of stakes in Nalco", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/ KORAPUT: The Centre's decision to sell 12.15 per cent stakes in National Aluminium Company Limited (NALCO) has caused strong resentment from various quarters. Opposing the decision, chief minister Naveen Patnaik said, \"Nalco is doing well. The Navaratna company is making profits. There was no need to disinvest it.\"Activists of different trade unions and employees also staged demonstrations in front of Nalco's Captive Power Plant and Smelter plant at Angul on Saturday. Satrughana Tarai, the working president of Nalco Aluminium Mazdoor Sangha said, \"Nalco has provided Rs 3660 crore as dividend to the central government and it has an equity value of Rs13, 886 crore now. In this situation, the Union government's move to sell its stakes is not justified.\"Nalco Employees' Central Union (NECU) has strongly opposed the decision and threatened that the decision may lead to violent agitation though out the state. In the past whenever any government has taken a move to sale the state, the people of Odisha have protested. The proposal of sale may be withdrawn to avoid discontentment and agitation, an official release said. A prestigious Navaratna company, NALCO has been making profit for the last three decades and by reducing the share of government to 75 per cent, the government will lose huge dividend, the release added.Also on Saturday, the Nalco Employees Union (NEU) of the company's refinery unit situated at Damanjodi in Koraput district wrote a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to review the government's decision.\"The recent decision of divestment is a big blow, especially at a time when Nalco is bleeding and is down with low share price.\" the letter read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16415947", "title": "2 water tanks inaugurated at Verem", "text": "CALANGUTE: Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar on Thursday inaugurated two new water tanks, built by the PWD, next to the football ground in Verem.The tanks have a capacity of 10 lakh and eight lakh litres and are expected to provide some relief to the villagers from the water shortage problem faced by them.PWD minister Ramakrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, who was scheduled to inaugurate the facility, could not make it to the function because of \"pressing engagements\" elsewhere.Present on the occasion were Reis Magos-Verem sarpanch Shubash Pednekar, Jayesh Salgaonkar of the North Goa zilla panchayat, and other panch members.\"I had heard that the biggest problem in Verem was water scarcity. At least with this, there will be some relief, with water available for at least three-four hours every day. That should increase to eight hours a day by 2013 when the water treatment plant at Guirim becomes a reality,\" Parulekar said after the inauguration.Parulekar also promised to solve two other problems being faced by villagers - underground power cables and a new bypass to ease congestion at the Verem junction, before the end of his tenure. He requested the co-operation of the people to do this.Salgaonkar, who also spoke, said, \"All wells in the village are contaminated, so people are now entirely dependent on PWD tap water. Because the demand is more than what the PWD can supply, we need to utilize the well water and curtail wastage.\"Sarpanch Pednekar said that it was good that the problem of water scarcity has been solved, and also expressed the hope that their MLA would also solve the problems of electricity, garbage management and other issues of public utilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16422057", "title": "Ridheema Tiwari's take on casting couch", "text": "Television actor believes in hard work and shares her experience on casting couch in the TV industryRidheema Tiwari who was last seen in the show Sasural Genda Phool is currently playing negative lead in the show Love Marriage Ya Arranged Marriage.The actor speaks about casting couch which is very much prevalent in the industry. \"Casting couch definitely exists in this field. It's a big competitive world full of talent but there are few powerful people who try to take advantage of their power. It's only in recent times that actors are opening up and confessing the reality. It's not only female actors but also the male counterparts who are victims of casting couch,\" says Ridheema.Adding further she says, \"I have come across people who behave like a gentlemen initially and later on indirectly conveys that only compromise would give you a break.They also give examples of big names who have compromised to get into this industry.\"The actor believes in working hard. \"Some people just give up due to insecurity and financial crisis in their life, while others gracefully decline the offer and settle down for less and keep believing in their hard work,\" ends she.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415800", "title": "Silk denim trousers will give huge boost to industry: Expert", "text": "PUNE: Silk, the delicate and lustrous fibre used for making saris and dress material, has now been used to fashion a tough and strong material for trousers, resembling the popular jeans.A brainchild of the Central Silk Board, these trousers are waiting to make a commercial entry. The board has already made a prototype and completed all tests on the toughened silk material. A consumer survey done by the board has shown a positive response.T D Koshy, Silk Mark consultant, Union ministry of textiles, said, \"The Rs 25,000 crore silk industry in the country will get a huge boost once these trousers are available in the market.\" The trousers will have a rough finish just like jeans and silk fibre needed for weaving two silk saris will be required to make one pair of trousers.Speaking to TOI on the sidelines of the board's fifth expo in the city at Karve road, where various silk products have been displayed, Koshy said, \"From ancient times, the country has been into silk trade. At present, a lot of silk export is happening from India to Japan. We produce some 23,060 tonne silk every year which generates a turnover of Rs 25,000 crore. Out of it, the share of export is merely Rs 2,500 crore, while the remaining share comes from the domestic market. The maximum use of silk is for making saris, women's dress material, purses and carpets.\"He further said, \"With changing lifestyles, women have taken to wearing saris occasionally, limiting the growth of the industry to 5% annually. This prompted the board to look for new silk products. Using silk for trousers that closely resemble jeans was one of the ideas that clicked with the designing team and work started on it four years ago.\"He said, \"The commercial production of the silk trousers will be entrusted to private companies. The private manufacturers are already established and have loyal customers. Once official formalities are completed, the board will reach out to private apparel makers.\"The research and development department of the board is ready with a prototype. Koshy said, \"As silk is used mostly for dress material and saris, people assume that it is a soft and delicate material. Silk is a very strong fibre and the British had used it for making parachutes during both the world wars. It was also used as sutures in surgeries during the early days. The board hence decided to use silk for making a rough and tough material resembling the one used to make jeans.\" The board is also promoting the Silk Mark - a hallmark assuring purity of the silk used.R B Tandav, deputy director (inspection) of the board, said, \"Most of the silk is of mulberry variety, largely produced in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu , West Bengal , Jammu and Kashmir and Maharashtra. The government is keen on promoting silk industry as production of one kg of yarn generates employment for 10 people. Once the silk trousers are launched in the market, they will carve out a new business and generate more employment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16416319", "title": "Kiska ticket katega?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: You can take it for granted that the Bharatiya Janata Party candidates for each of the 182 assembly seats in Gujarat will be handpicked by chief minister Narendra Modi. Hardly anyone else will have a say in the matter.In 2002, he got himself hospitalized by faking a cardiac problem to deflect pressure from Atal Bihari Vajpayee , Lal Krishna Advani and other Sangh Parivar leaders to give late Haren Pandya the ticket to retain his Ellisbridge seat. The reason? Pandya had refused to vacate Ellisbridge for him when he took over as chief minister and had to be elected to the state assembly within six months.Since then, ticket distribution has been left entirely in his hands. Unlike other BJP state units which send a panel of three names for every seat and leaves it to the BJP Parliamentary Board to decide, Modi sends the name of a single candidate.In 2007, during the last assembly elections, he emailed the list to BJP headquarters and got the entire panel announced in New Delhi in two hours flat. Modi has already told several fresh faces to become active in their respective seats and these candidates are absolutely sure that they will get tickets.Unlike the clarity on candidate selection in the BJP, Congress used to decide on the tickets only during the period of filing of nominations. This time, looking at Modi's advance preparations, the Congress too has decided to declare candidates early. The process is complicated though.There is a three-member scrutiny committee headed by Union minister for road transport C P Joshi, a close aide of Rahul Gandhi. Assisting Joshi will be Gujarat Congress president Arjun Modhwadia and leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil.The scrutiny committee will send three names, in order of preference, for each seat to Congress Election Committee (CEC) headed by Sonia Gandhi . It will be Joshi's job to make the presentation before the CEC and get the names cleared. Among CEC members who will have a say are Sonia's political secretary, Ahmed Patel, and AICC general secretary in charge of Gujarat, Mohan Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16417273", "title": "In the east, a war of words", "text": "Assamese is a language with its own identity and script. Bengali in no way influences it. But a storm has been raging to identify Assamese as a separate language ever since the Unicode Consortium, a US-based organization which codifies different scripts for digital use, identified it as a subscript of Bengali.\"About two years ago, we started an initiative to increase the contents of Assamese on the internet. But in March 2010, we realized that in order to do so, we have to use Unicode. Until then, there was hardly any Assamese font in Unicode,\" says Netherlands-based Wahid Saleh, a social entrepreneur and community leader. Publications in Assamese were mainly using the Ramdhenu script, which was not in Unicode, and therefore had limitations. Saleh says that in order to create awareness of Unicode, they started an initiative, e-jonaki-jug, which will be a catalyst for increasing the scale of Assamese content on the internet and promote the creation of online repositories of Assamese literature \u2014 both classical and new. \"We also realized that due to incorrect information submitted to the Unicode organization by the concerned authorities, Assamese script was defined as a subset of the Bengali script with 'waba' and 'ra' included in the Bengali font,\" says Saleh.The initiative gathered steam and soon became a movement as NRIs too started writing to the Unicode Consortium to get Assamese characters named correctly in the character code chart. Unicode Consortium modified the character code and changed the nomenclature to 'Bengali-Assamese' script. But the problem didn't end there. People wanted both Bengali and Assamese to be listed as separate scripts or the inclusion of Kamrupi as the mother script.US-based engineer Rajen Barua believes the root of the problem is the lack of information about Assamese language and culture in the rest of the country. \"The palaeography of Assamese script goes back to 5th century AD. It's much older than Bengali. In fact, the mother script of both is Kamrupi Prakrit, an offshoot of the Brahmi script of Ashokan times. All east Indian languages such as Assamese, Bengali, Maithili and Oriya developed independently. Many inscriptions and texts found in Bengal have used the Assamese 'ro' and 'wabo'. Even the Gazette of Bengal, 1786, had the Assamese 'ro' and not the Bengali 'ro' we know today,\" he says.The Kamrupa kingdom in ancient times included north Bengal, parts of Mithila, and the territory right up to Kosi river. So, it's likely that the language and script found its way to other territories too. This logic was presented by the intelligentsia of Assam in their representation to the Unicode Consortium as they demanded the creation of a separate slot for Assamese. The Consortium, however, referred the matter to the government of India. The Centre sought Assam's response.\"On February 18, the state's information technology department wrote back, seeking the creation of a separate slot for Assamese. But on February 23, the state's cultural affairs department sent a contradictory letter, stating that Assamese and Bengali scripts should be clubbed together. This was highly erroneous and shows the inability of the Assam government to take up issues affecting its people,\" says Pastor Azizul Haque of the Guwahati Baptist Church.Through an RTI query, he found out that the Centre, confused by these two contradictory responses, called a meeting in New Delhi on June 13. It was attended by representatives from Assam, West Bengal and Bihar. \"But the Assamese delegation failed to push the case forward. As a result, the Unicode Consortium again modified the nomenclature and mentioned Assamese as a subscript of Bengali,\" Haque adds.Norway-based PhD scholar Pankaj Barah believes this confusion will harm Assamese. \"In the digital age, it's imperative for languages and scripts to have unique online identities, or else they will die out. Assamese is spoken by over 20 million people. On the other hand, with 230 million speakers, Bengali is a dominant language. Assamese language and script has been at the receiving end from the time Assam became part of the British Empire. The situation remains the same today also. By looking at current socio-political events in Assam and the northeast, such a blunder can have disastrous consequences later,\" Barah says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16421532", "title": "Boxer, wrestler among five held for robbing Delhi businessman", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five persons allegedly robbed a man of Rs 17.50 lakh and forcibly clicked objectionable pictures of him, but landed in police net after they tried to extort him further.The five arrested include two boxers, a wrestler, a woman and a farmer, police said.They had allegedly waylaid one Joginder Singh in Narela on September 1 after one of them posing as policeman stopped his vehicle for checking and robbed him of money by forcibly taking him to a building in a secluded place.Police said they had also forcibly took photographs of him with a woman in a compromising position and later abandoned him at a lonely place.Greed, however, got better of the gang and they allegedly demanded Rs 4 lakh from Singh on September 14. They threatened him of making the photographs public if he did not pay them.\"On September 15, a police party went to Auchandi Border with currency of Rs 4 lakh. At around 10.30pm, an SUV approached the complainant and snatched the cash bag and fled. Another car was following the SUV,\" additional deputy commissioner of police (Outer) M A Rizvi said.\"Both the vehicles were intercepted by police after a chase. Three persons including a teenager were apprehended. Their interrogation led to the arrest of the woman,\" Rizvi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415396", "title": "Trade bandh against FDI in retail on Thursday", "text": "MUMBAI: Shops and establishments, including the neighbourhood kirana stores, across the state will remain closed on Thursday, September 20 to protest against owing to a bandh call over FDI in retail . However, essential services such as chemists and milk and newspaper vendors will continue to work.FAM president Mohan Gurnani said, \"For the last 15 years, we have been spearheading the movement against FDI. We have thoroughly exposed the grand design of foreign retail giants like WalMart, Tesco and Carrefour, who want to grab a share of the growing Indian market and, in the process, throw out crores of small retailers. It is wrong to assume that their entry of these companies will open floodgates of employment and help the government to contain inflation by offering goods at a heavy discount. It is also wrong to say that Indian retailers are exploiting consumers by keeping a hefty profit margin for themselves.\"A kirana store owner from Andheri, who will participate in the bandh, said the falling rupee would give an distinct advantage to multinational companies, who would get more bang for their dollar. \"Is it possible for Indian companies to set up shop abroad with the dollar valued at Rs 55? We need a level playing field,\" he said.Viren Shah, senior vice-chairman of Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT), said, \"We are supporting the bandh that has been called in Delhi and Mumbai. Wholesalers and manufacturers will close shops on Thursday but we will consult Mumbia's retail segment on Monday. We must take every segment into confidence.\" Trade associations claim the support of all major opposition parties and allies-from BJP and Left parties to Mamata Banerjee of the Trinamool Congress and SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16416819", "title": "Birth of new era: Antenatal classes become family affair", "text": "LUDHIANA: Today's fathers are no more the remote figures of a generation back. Men who were more comfortable discussing BMWs and cricket rather than childbirth and pregnancies are now more open to supporting their wives through the pregnancy by accompanying them to antenatal classes and hospital visits. In an even more encouraging trend in city, mothers-in-law too are moving away from their \"disassociation\" with the pregnancy to be more supportive and reassuring for their daughters-in-law. During pregnancy, women require reassurance and knowledge from a professional who is qualified to teach them about the changes in their lives and bodies. And this is where antenatal classes come in. Many private hospitals in city regularly hold the sessions for women. Accompanying his wife Neha to her first antenatal class at a private hospital in Sherpur Chowk, was a real eye opener for Varun Kaura, a businessman of Sarabha Nagar. He says, \"These classes involve the father too which is vital in building a bond. I am glad that I decided to accompany my wife to these classes.\" Wife Neha chips in to say, \"We learnt a lot about the various stages of pregnancy and motherhood. All my husband's doubts were also cleared. They taught us exercises and home remedies to help deal with day-to-day problems. The relaxation techniques taught are beneficial for fathers too.\" Renu Kehar, mother-in-law of Prerna of Civil Lines, also accompanied her to the antenatal classes. She adds, \"Its time we become a part of the change. Though, I have knowledge about pregnancy and motherhood, but I feel its outdated now. I am here to acquaint myself with the medical knowledge on pregnancy so that I can help Prerna during this crucial period.\" Prerna adds, \"I learnt about how the mother's body prepares for birth, nutrition, how to get the best out of food, exercises a pregnant woman can do both before and after the baby.\" For most couples, these classes provide the much-needed information, says Dr Vaneet Kaur, head of the department of gynaecology of a private hospital in Sherpur Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16415994", "title": "Jharkhand Staff Selection Commission to issue fresh admit cards online", "text": "RANCHI: The last-minute decision of the Jharkhand Staff Selection Commission (JSSC) to issue fresh admit cards for the September 29 test has left many aspirants fuming. The decision was taken in the wake of a number complaints about incorrect information in the admit cards issued by the commission.JSSC chairperson C R Sahay said, \"Many applicants have been complaining that after roll number generation, the students of a group were allotted seats in the same area. Though there was no technical problem as such, we have cancelled the previous admit cards keeping in view the public sentiments.\" The commission has to recruit 1,300 employees through the test.\"New admit cards will be uploaded on the internet on September 20. All the admit cards issued till date will be considered invalid and the applicants will have to get the new admit cards online,\" he said. In most of cases the students have been given the same centre as last time. \"We have made this arrangement so that if people have already booked a ticket to go to their respective centres on the day of examination, they will not have to cancel them.\"The main reason for uploading the admit cards online is time constrain. \"With 10 days left for the examination, we will not be able to send admit cards by post as it is not certain if they will reach them on time. In such a situation, uploading cards online seemed to be the best way,\" explained Sahay. The aspirants, especially the ones from rural areas, are unhappy with the move. Amit Bhagat, an applicant from Pathargama village in Godda said, \"I do not have internet connection at home and there is only one cyber cafe which is almost 20 km from my home and there is always a power crisis, so it will become difficult for me to get the admit card.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16416267", "title": "Sanitation staff told to shape up", "text": "NOIDA: Redoubling its efforts to spruce up the city in time for the upcoming Formula One event, the Noida Authority on Friday surveyed the entire stretch between the Noida Gate and the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway entry. The Authority was greeted with overflowing garbage dumps, waste from unauthorized construction strewn on the sidewalks, clogged drains, and unclean roads and flyovers. The Authority officials took several staffers from the sanitation department and the private contractors to task.It has now asked all the staff members of the maintenance and sanitation department as well as private contractors to shape up. Several more inspections will take place in the coming weeks. The Authority has also asked its project engineers to \"encourage and suitably reward\" the staff members who perform well.Noida Authority deputy CEO K S Chauhan, along with other senior officials, began the survey around 7am from the DSC road. The officials went around the Botanical Garden U-turn, Atta Market, and all the way to the entry point of the expressway through sectors 14 A, 15, 15 A and Mahamaya Flyover.\"We wanted to take stock of the sanitation arrangements in the city, especially on the stretch between the Noida Gate and the expressway,\" said Chauhan.\"The survey brought to the fore many problems, which we feel have been caused due to negligence on the part of private contractors. The performance of the sanitation staff was also not up to the mark. For instance, garbage was found strewn in many spots along the DSC road, particularly on the stretch between the Sector 18 metro station and Sector 37 crossing. The area around the Film City flyover was also dirty,\" Chauhan said.\"Although we have designated sites in each residential sector for dumping garbage with dustbins in place, one finds garbage dumped outside the bins. All drains have been desilted but we encountered problems related to overflow in some areas,\" said Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16415232", "title": "CM to act after Dharmana Prasada Rao\u2019s reply", "text": "HYDERABAD: Breaking his silence on the resignation episode involving roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao after the latter's name figured in the CBI chargesheet in the Vanpic aspect of the Jagan assets case, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy said on Saturday that a decision on the acceptance of his resignation would be taken once his explanation is received.Speaking to the media in Gadwal on Saturday, where he interacted with weavers as part of his three-day Indiramma Baata in Mahbubnagar district, the chief minister said he had sought an explanation from Dharmana on the inclusion of his name in the chargesheet.Much to Dharmana's discomfort, the CM has kept everyone guessing as to whether he would forward the minister's resignation to the governor for acceptance. While claiming that he had submitted his resignation on moral grounds after his name figured in the Vanpic case, Dharmana had put pressure on the CM through other ministers not to forward the resignation to the governor. Meanwhile, after spending the night in a social welfare hostel in Gadwal, the CM on Saturday spent time with students and weavers.The CM admitted that weavers in the state were passing through a bad time. He said that the government would extend its full support to weavers to overcome the crisis. The chief minister announced Rs 3 crore each for setting up 64 model schools up to 12th class in all mandals in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16416289", "title": "BJP targets Manmohan Singh, Naveen Patnaik over coalgate", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A couple of days after Union minister and Congress leader V Narayanasamy's bitter diatribe against the BJP over the logjam in Parliament over Coalgate, the saffron party on Saturday sought the resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and chief minister Naveen Patnaik for allegedly perpetrating the coal allocation scam. They party also demanded an inquiry into Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT).Accusing Naveen of acting in connivance with Congress president Sonia Gandhi , state BJP president Jual Oram said, \"Naveen and Sonia are old friends. They are hand-in-glove. But do not point fingers at each other although they claim to be rivals in public.\"Addressing a public meeting near Raj Bhavan, Oram and other state BJP leaders flayed the Congress-led central government and the BJD-led state government for allegedly committing irregularities in allocation of coal blocks. \"Why are they afraid of an impartial probe? We challenge them to conduct a thorough probe and punish the guilty,\" Oram said.Former minister BJP leader B B Harichandan demanded Naveen's ouster for favouring private companies during coal block allocation. \"One who recommends is equally liable as the one who commits corruption,\" Harichandan noted. Incidentally, the BJP was BJD's ally in the state government from March 2000, till March 2009.The ruling BJD debunked the allegations, saying it had made the recommendations in a \"transparent manner\". \"They should ask their (BJP) central leader Dharmendra Pradhan who publicly gave a clean chit to chief minister recommending coal blocks for companies who set up thermal power plants in the state,\" minister D P Mishra said, adding, \"We don't want BJP's advise on how to go about things.\"The development coincided with a host of senior state BJP leaders like K V Singhdeo, Manmohan Samal, Bijay Mohapatra and Jayanarayan Mishra meeting party national chief Nitin Gadkari at New Delhi to discuss organisational matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415172", "title": "Sudarshan was totally against the educational system", "text": "NAGPUR: Former RSS chief Kuppahalli Sitaramayya Sudarshan, who died in Raipur - his place of birth too - in Chhattisgarh on Saturday at the age of 81, would be remembered as an intellectual and visionary ideologue of the Hindutva brigade. A very articulate leader, the fifth Sarsanghchalak was also the first to freely interact with the media and remained undeterred by the controversies his remarks would often cause.The body of Sudarshan, the first RSS chief with a South Indian background, was flown here in the afternoon and is being kept at the Maharshi Vyas Hall at RSS headquarters Smruti Mandir for people to pay their last respects. The cremation will be held at Gangabai Ghat on Sunday afternoon.A staunch votary of 'Swadeshi' and, Indian value system and customs, Sudarshan was totally against the western economic model and McCaulay education system that we inherited. When Sudarshan took over RSS reigns in March 2009 from Rajju Bhaiyya at the Akhil Bharatiya Pratinidhi Sabha, everyone was surprised as Sangh insiders believed HV Seshadri would be preferred. But the Sangh chose Sudarshan for his organisational skills and clarity of thoughts.A polyglot, Sudarshan, who hailed from Kuppahalli village of Mandya district in Karnataka, was 9 when he joined the RSS. Born on June 18, 1931, in a Sanketi Brahmin family, Sudarshan completed his degree in telecommunication engineering (honours) from Sagar University in MP. He served as a pracharak of the Hindu nationalist organization for more than six decades and became its head in 2000, holding the post till 2009. He had lived most of his life in MP.According to functionaries at RSS headquarters here, Sudarshan reached Raipur on Thursday from Jabalpur to release a book of Chhattisgarh Rajya Sabha member Gopal Vyas. Sudarshan suffered a massive heart attack on Saturday around 6.30am and died within a few minutes. He is survived by a brother and sister.Last month, Sudarshan went missing for a few hours in Mysore when he had gone to visit his brother. He had apparently forgotten his way back home due to failing memory.The veteran RSS ideologue, who was hand-picked by the then Sangh chief Guruji Golwalkar, was a bachelor. He was appointed as a pracharak in 1954, the first post being in Raigarh district. Ten years later he had risen to become the plant (state) pracharak of MP at a fairly young age. Later, he served as head of the pracharaks in north-east.Sudarshan had the rare distinction of heading boudhik (intellectual) as well as sharirik (physical drills) departments of the RSS and was appointed as joint general secretary of the organization in 1990. During emergency, he was lodged in Indore jail along with JD (U) chief Sharad Yadav.When the BJP-led NDA was in power, he often criticized the government for its economic policies. In 2005, Sudarshan created a ripple with his suggestion that Atal Bihari Vajpayee and LK Advani should step aside and let a younger leader take over the party.He also kicked up a minor storm with his demand to discard the Indian Constitution that had borrowed heavily from the imperial British system of governance. Sudarshan was also in favour of Indianization of church after delinking from the Vatican.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415873", "title": "Soon, get traffic updates via SMS", "text": "PUNE: The traffic police will soon revive its initiative to send regular traffic updates and alerts about the traffic situation in the city through SMS, said deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre. Started two years ago, the service had suffered a setback due to technical problems about sending bulk SMSs that has now been sorted out.The SMS service had proved useful to many citizens who had subscribed to the facility which was available free of cost. Citizens received at least one SMS every day when the service was operational.Moreover, the traffic police will renew its efforts to reach out to people through two other initiatives - its webpage 'Pune traffic police' on the social networking site Facebook and its independent website punetrafficpolice.gov.in.The Facebook page of the Pune traffic police, which was launched two and half years ago, continues to be a good platform for citizens to post their complaints about traffic problems. When the page was first launched in November 2010, it was appreciated and the number of suggestions and complaints posted by citizens was quite high.Initially, the traffic police had undertaken a drive asking people to post photographs about illegal parking of vehicles on footpaths and cycle tracks and had taken prompt action against the complaints. Though many people continue to use the webpage at present, the number of suggestions and complaints has reduced considerably.Pandhre said that prompt action is taken on all complaints and suggestions which he looks into personally. \"However, there are some issues which we are sorting out,\" he added.Meanwhile, the traffic police website will also have more updates about special drives, new traffic plans or restrictions, as well as information about action taken against traffic violators. Traffic police also post their press releases on the website, which many online users share with others through social networking sites. Pandhre said the traffic police will make efforts to provide maps about new traffic plans or changes, which will make it convenient for people to understand the plans and give their suggestions and objections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "16415385", "title": "Anam Ramanarayana Reddy upset over delay in airport land acquisition", "text": "NELLORE: Finance minister Anam Ramanarayana Reddy expressed serious displeasure over the delay in the process of land acquisition for the airport.Anam reviewed the progress of land acquisition along with ports and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao and senior officials at a meeting in Hyderabad on Saturday.According to sources, the minister found fault with the officials of infrastructure department for the delay. He set a month's deadline for the officials for completion of the process and preparing a detailed project report.Minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao asked the secretary Sunil Sharma to personally monitor the matter and ensure that the deadline is met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16417184", "title": "2 more terror suspects to remain in custody", "text": "BANGALORE: Two more terror suspects were on Saturday remanded to further police custody by a city magistrate court till Sept. 27. Last week, 11 of the 14 detained by police for alleged involvement in terror activities were also remanded to further custody.Those remanded by II additional metropolitan magistrate G Nanjundiah on Saturday are: Mohammed Akram alias Khalid 22, a native of Nanded (Maharashtra) who was caught while fleeing the city on Sept. 1 and Obaid-ur-Rahman , a first-year BCom student arrested in Hyderabad . While Akram figures as the seventh accused in the case, Obaid is the 14th accused.Police submitted to the court through senior public prosecutor KS Revanasiddappa that these two suspects were wanted for further questioning regarding their involvement with 11 others of the suspected terror outfit.\"There's a suspicion that there were others involved in it and they are in various places across the country. We need them because they have to show the hideouts of others suspected to be involved in terror modules,\" the public prosecutor submitted to the court.Investigation is progressing on the right track, a police officer privy to the probe said. \"All of them are tough nuts to crack and are not forthcoming about their mission,\" he added.TERRORREVISITS Cops submitted to court that these two suspects were wanted for further questioning regarding their involvement with 11 others of the suspected terror outfit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419896", "title": "Memory of midnight", "text": "Meet Erika Farr, the woman who became an unlikely collaborator on Salman Rushdie's fatwa memoirWhen writer Salman Rushdie launches his long-awaited autobiographical work, Joseph Anton: A memoir on September 18, much of the authenticity of facts folded in there won't be courtesy Rushdie's memory, but work put in by Atlantabased archivist Erika Farr.The title of the work, that speaks of the 10 years he spent underground, is drawn from the first names of two of his favourite writers Joseph Conrad and Anton Chekhov , and refers to the alias he was forced to adopt after Iranian leader Ayatollah Khomeini issued a death sentence against him in 1989, because his novel The Satanic Verses was accused of being \"against Islam, the Prophet and the Qu'ran\".After Ron Evans , a former police officer who was part of the team protecting Rushdie, included false accounts in a book about the author's time under police protection, Rushdie decided he'd narrate the tale himself.Rushdie believes memory is selective. He wrote in his 1980 novel Midnight's Children, which is now a Deepa Mehta film, \"Memory has its own special kind. It selects, eliminates, alters, exaggerates, minimises, glorifies, and vilifies also.\" Rushdie has admitted he couldn't have managed the memoir without help from technology, and Emory University .One of the world's leading research universities, the Atlanta-based institution's president James Wagner invited the author to entrust his literary records spanning 40 years, stuffed in hundred of boxes, to Emory. Farr, coordinator of the digital archives at Emory's Manuscript, Archives and Rare Book Library (MARBL), worked at digitising, cataloguing and archiving material derived from floppy disks, scribbles, doodles, faded faxes and discarded drafts.This turned into a priceless database for Rushdie, each time he wished to dip into the past via a master index, while writing his memoir. It left \"My life with barcodes\" which \"feels like undressing in public\" but also \"allowed me to write the memoir\", he said in an interview to Farr.We spoke to Farr about making sense of scribbles by one of the most important contemporary writers. Excerpts from a telephonic interview:Rushdie said he handed over nearly 100 cardboard boxes of discarded ideas and drafts. What was the first thing that struck you when you received the material?Besides the gravity of the material, what struck us is how inquisitive and playful he is. We got a nice variety of illustrations, records of brainstorming sessions and written information. Some of his computers were very old, mid '90s Macs, with rudimentary drawing applications. And you could see that he would illustrate through them or play basic games. One of the applications in the archive functions as a sort of computer within a computer \u2014 to see what Rushdie's computer would have been like, and play around in it. Researchers are able to feel that experience.What were the challenges of cataloguing this vast a body of information? Rushdie says, ironically, it was the digital data holders, such as floppies, that posed the biggest problem .Our first task was to stabilise all the data and get a sense of what we have. Then we needed to archive it without changing it and think about how to review and present it to the public. Technology was the bigger challenge. We ran an emulation process with much of the digital data because so many of the machines were so old. So we were running an old machine within a current machine in order to access it all. Fortunately, we were working with a live donor even as he was writing his memoir \u2014 which was a real gift. He would fall so naturally into storytelling \u2014 any small note would ignite his imagination. Rushdie was a productive partner and generous with his time while figuring how to present the research and make sense of the material. We also had to separate the material into what is public and what's private. It was tricky maintaining the privacy of other characters in his life. Some of it is embargoed in his lifetime, and some, in the lifetime of the people involved.You must have been in an odd position \u2014 to know Rushdie intimately by virtue of sorting through the material, but not emotionally involved. Was there anything that struck you about information from the fatwa years?That is not really something we can comment on. It is for researchers to try and contextualise his writings, join the dots and say, 'this was when he was writing Midnight's Children..' and so on. For us, the difference was that we were working with a live donor who could understand and appreciate the work we were doing. I think it was also rewarding for him because donors often forget what lies in there (archival material).Mitali.Parekh @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16416529", "title": "Cops finally act, arrest Verna driver", "text": "MOHALI: Amid accusations of biased investigation, district police on Saturday impounded the Verna that had hit 15-year-old Arshdeep Singh on September 8. The car owner, Gagandeep Singh of Sector 68, was summoned to Sohana police station, where he came along with his driver Sukhdev Singh. He claimed that Sukhdev was behind the wheel at the time of the accident. But this statement triggered strong protest from kin of Arshdeep, who along with eyewitnesses were also called to identify the culprit. Jaswinder Singh, the injured boy's uncle, said, \"The eyewitnesses, Ravinder Singh and Inderjit Singh, identified Gagandeep the moment he entered the police station.\" Jaswinder also made police scrutinize the CCTV footage of the hospital, which showed Gagandeep coming out of the hospital after leaving Arshdeep there. SI Deepinder Singh said Gagandeep, who is a lecturer with Chandigarh Group of College (CGC) in Mohali, has been arrested. The development came a day after TOI highlighted police apathy towards the victim despite having all relevant evidence. Meanwhile, the condition of Arshdeep is still stated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16416648", "title": "Jayakumar's Trichy residence also raided", "text": "TRICHY: One of the 34 places that were raided by the DVAC in Tamil Nadu included Trichy's K K Nagar where the retired assistant director of mines and minerals Jayakumar resided. A team of nine anti-corruption officials led by DSP Silambarasan descended at Jeyakumar's residence on the third cross of Sundar Nagar as early as 6am and conducted a search operation until late in the afternoon.Interestingly, an officer who did not want to be quoted said that Jayakumar was in the middle of renovating this house with granite. The former assistant director was taken aback when the police had taken along with them a jewel appraiser, identified as Jayachandran from Iyyappan Nagar, with his scales, thereby proving that the police had advance information about a large quantity of gold ornaments in the house. However, the police were tightlipped about the quantum of seizure or any incriminating documents seized from the residence. Jayakumar had been assistant director in the geology and mining department, Madurai, between 2005 and 2007 and had been transferred to Chennai before he retired three months ago.Soon after gaining entry into the house, police personnel bolted the house from all sides, disabled all the phone connections and conducted the investigation. No one was allowed to go in or come out of the house during the probe. Only Jayakumar and his wife were at the residence in the morning and two of his three sons - Arun Kumar, Saravana Kumar and Sri Kumar - are said to be employed in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415633", "title": "Two more cadaver donations in city", "text": "MUMBAI: The city registered two cadaver donations on Friday night, resulting in three patients with end-stage organ failure getting the gift of life on Saturday.In the first case, the family of a 56-year-old man who was declared brain dead at Jaslok Hospital on Friday night gifted his liver. In the other case at Mulund's Fortis Hospital, a 40-year-old man was declared brain dead after suffering from brain hemorrhage. His family donated his kidneys; one of which was given to a patient registered at Fortis and another to a patient in Bombay Hospital.There has been a surge in organ donation this year, with 46 organs donated so far. Dr Gustad Daver, who is president of the Zonal Transplant Coordination Centre that oversees distribution of cadaveric organs, said there is a momentum in donation this year. \"The state government is working out new laws and initiatives that will strengthen this momentum,'' he said.The cadaver donation programme has been in the news since former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh died on August 14 in Chennai due to complications arising out of liver cancer. His doctor said he could have helped Deshmukh by performing kidney and liver transplants. But no cadaver was available in the window period in which this could be done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "16416210", "title": "PM roared like 'Singham' only twice: Narendra Modi", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Chief minister Narendra Modi continued targeting the Centre, particularly Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during the fourth leg of 'Vivekanand Yuva Vikas Yatra'. The fourth leg of the yatra kicked off at Karjan and traversed in Bharuch and Anand districts.While speaking at Karjan, Modi took potshots at Singh and targeted him over foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail. Well aware of the fact that cotton was grown extensively around Karjan, Modi also raised the issue of the ban on cotton export.Modi said the export of cotton was banned at a time in March when its prices in the international markets were very high. \"This led to farmers in Gujarat making losses of Rs 15,000 crore. Why was the ban implemented at such a time? There is no reply to such questions,\" Modi said. He said that while the US produced lesser cotton than India, it was the highest exporter of the product.Speaking on FDI in retail , Modi said it would lead to major unemployment and crores of small traders and manufacturers will be affected. He said Singh had behaved boldly like 'Singham' and roared only twice - once when he cleared the nuclear deal and now when he cleared FDI in retail. In an oblique reference to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's foreign origin, Modi said Singh will have to explain how much of investment in retail would be coming from Italy.Referring to the coalgate, Modi said the Congress had stooped too low. \"We have heard people stealing valuables like jewellery, but have you heard of someone stealing coal. This Congress ate coal worth Rs 2 lakh crore. It should be renamed as All India Koyla Congress,\" he said.Raking up a controversy regarding an abattoir that was allegedly named 'Arihant' and had Union minister Kapil Sibal's wife as a partner, Modi said some Jain citizens had brought this to his notice in Bhavnagar and asked him to inquire about it. He said that while he was unable to do so, he would definitely take the issue to the public. \"The centre gives Rs 15 crore subsidy for an abattoir, it cannot do so for cotton,\" he added.At Borsad in Anand district, the Congress organized a 'Hisab do, javab do' programme to counter Modi's programme. Congress leaders also held a protest with black flags at Borsad Chokdi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415625", "title": "600 low-floor buses to replace old DTCs: Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government will soon buy a fleet of 600 low-floor buses to replace the old buses of Delhi Transport Corporation, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said on Saturday.\"We will procure 600 low-floor buses to replace the old ones,\" Dikshit said. She was speaking at the launch of DTC bus service on a new route connecting Gole Market with R K Puram Sector-1.\"We are improving the public transport system to discourage use of private vehicles,\" she added. Government plans to increase the number of buses under DTC to 11,000, including buses under the cluster service within next couple of years.Currently, 316 buses are plying under the cluster service being run by private entities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415955", "title": "Immigration hurdle stalls flight trials at new terminal", "text": "KOLKATA: Lack of coordination between airport officials and immigration authorities in the city has stalled the proposed trials of international flight by Air Asia and Jet Airways from the new integrated terminal.The trials, which were first scheduled in August-end and then pushed back to mid-September, has now been postponed till immigration authorities are ready to commence operations at the new facility. This has seriously jeopardized the possibility of starting full-fledged international flights from the terminal from October.Though airport officials remained optimistic of holding trials by the month-end and claimed the airport would be inaugurated either on October 20 or 21, immigration officers dismissed the possibility, saying it would take some time for them to set up the crucial system that links the consoles at the immigration counters to a nationwide network. The system enables officers to check the antecedents of passengers and verify their travel documents.\"When a passport is swiped, all relevant information about the passenger is available on the console. If he or she has an arrest warrant or a look-out notice against his/her name by either an Indian or overseas security agency or the Interpol , an alert flashes on the screen. The genuineness of the passport is also checked in the process,\" the officer explained.Similarly, swiping the visa reveals if the document is genuine or forged. In addition, there are machines with ultra violet rays to see if the passport has been tampered with. Sometimes, the photograph of the passport holder is switched with that of the person travelling in his or her name.The immigration system at international airports, sea ports and land border checkpoints is networked with the Bureau of Immigration headquarters in Delhi.Though private firm HCL has been entrusted with installing the optic fibre backbone and the consoles at the new terminal, not much progress has been made because the designated areas within the terminal have not been handed over to immigration authorities.\"Unless the Airports Authority of India hands over the twin areas in the international arrival and departure section of the terminal to the immigration department, we cannot install the high security machines. Our evaluation is that the airport is still not ready,\" said Kolkata Police deputy commissioner ( security control) Shakeel Ahmed.Incidentally, the first trials run involving domestic arrivals was conducted at the international arrival section of the terminal more than a month ago. Thereafter, more domestic arrival trials were held. But no domestic departure trials have been conducted yet as work on the departure level is yet to be finished.Once the immigration department has possession of the two zones earmarked for them, it will take two-three weeks to install and operate the system. \"Though the number of consoles at the new facility will be twice that at the existing international terminal, it will have to be done at one-go. Of course, the systems at the two terminals can then work simultaneously during trials and a complete switch can be made in either phases or at one go,\" said Ahmed.The existing international terminal has 12 immigration desks in the arrival section and 10 in departure. At the international section of the new terminal, the number of consoles will be 22 each in arrival and departure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16421623", "title": "Indiscipline will not be tolerated: AITA", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Insisting that it had not imposed a ban on Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna , the All India Tennis Association (AITA) on Sunday said that by sidelining the duo, it was sending out a message that indiscipline will not be tolerated at any cost.The AITA decided at its executive committee meeting that the two players, who refused to play with Leander Paes at the London Olympics, will not be considered till June 2014.The Asian Games are scheduled to be held in South Korea in September 2014 and before that, neither of the two players could represent India.It effectively ends the career of Bhupathi, who is already on the wrong side of the 30s.\"AITA is not in a position to impose ban on any player. It's a kind of disciplinary action to send across a message to players, who aspire to play for India that we will not tolerate this,\" AITA secretary general Bharat Oza said at a press conference.Quizzed on the logic behind the punishment period, Oza could not give a satisfactory reply.\"We do not have a code of conduct where it is mentioned that a player can be punished for so and so period. We are formulating it and will come up in two-three months. AITA has some rules and regulation which says that action can be taken against a player.\"Asked about Paes preferring to play in a club instead of Davis Cup tie, Oza said the veteran player had requested to excuse him for the tie.\"He was hurt and emotionally drained. He did not want to face media scrutiny so soon. We have to consider if a player is mentally and physically fit. We have to address all kind of issues. His request came if you can excuse me,\" Oza said.The secretary general also said that the AITA does not apply different yardsticks when it comes to treating Paes, Bhupathi or Bopnna.\"It's not different at all.\" Somdev also made himself unavailable for the tie against New Zealand, citing fitness problems, but played at the US Open.Asked how a player could be fit to play at one tournament and not for the country, Oza said because of \"monetary benefit and ranking points issue, he had to play\".\"He is still not 100 per cent fit. So we gave him the benefit of doubt. We have to give player time to recover.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16416853", "title": "Abhinav\u2019s last call was to his mother", "text": "LUDHIANA: A day after 21-year-old Abhinav Sachdeva's body was found from New Lajpat Nagar market, police are trying to uncover the truth behind the mysterious death. Assistant commissioner of police (west) Gurpreet Kaur said there is a high voltage electricity wire where the body was found and it was not clear what caused the death, adding a postmortem examination would reveal more details. Calling the death mysterious, she said they had started investigation. Abhinav had gone missing on Wednesday evening. Additional deputy commissioner of police (zone 3) Joginder Singh said on Wednesday evening, when Abhinav went missing, he was with his friend Rohan, a resident of Shakti Nagar. The deceased reportedly dropped Rohan home after which nobody seems to have a clue about his whereabouts. The ADCP said Abhinav's last contact with his family was at 6pm, when he called up his mother. Police recovered Abhinav's cellphone and car keys from his pocket. Rohan told police that Abhinav was crying on Wednesday but when he asked him the reason, he refused to say anything. Police recovered Rs 20 from the deceased's pocket and some money from his car. Abhinav's cousin Gaurav Sachdeva said though the 21-year-old was shy by nature, he used to be cheerful when with friends. He said Abhinav's father had started searching for him after he went missing. The deceased has an elder sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16415993", "title": "'Russian sport is free of drugs'", "text": "PANAJI: Even a cursory probe on a popular search engine throws up astounding results: close to 50 athletes from Russia have either been suspended for dope-related offences, or publicly admitted to such abuse. And there is a warning: this is not an updated list.Drugs and Russian sport have had an uncanny relationship over the years with even professor Arne Ljungqvist , chairman of the International Olympic Committee Medical Commission, once describing Russian drugs as a bad story.Cut to the present and there could be some good news, and no one professes it better than Yakov Morozov, director of the institute of sports facilities and vice-president of the federation of sports managers in Russia.\"If you look at Russia today and our sport, it's completely free of drugs. There have been some very positive results in the recent past and proof that we have been successful to a large extent in eradicating drugs (from sport), a confirmation that came from the World Anti Doping Agency (Wada), who have also changed their view about Russian sport,\" said Morozov, head of the four-member delegation from the Lesgaft National State University of Physical Education, Sport and Health in St Petersburg.Speaking exclusively to TOI with the help of an interpreter, Morozov denied widespread claims, and reports, that Russian sport was deeply-rooted into systematic doping.\"Recent cases, if at all, are stray. Rather than the athletes, I would rather blame the trainers who want big results in a short span of time,\" said Morozov.Morozov has seen 15 out of 25 athletes from the Lesgaft University --- who will ink a cooperation deal with the state government soon -- return with medals from the London Olympics. Seven have been gold medallists but most importantly all have them have been stamped clean.\"Our university has a clean track record. We adopt scientific methods to train the athletes and there is no (sports) university in the world who can match our record. We can do quite a bit for Goan sport,\" said Morozov.Lesgaft's record in international sport is undeniable but Russia's fortunes in football have nosedived in recent times. In the sixties and seventies, the former Soviet Union were ranked second only to Brazil and they did well for themselves netting the Olympics title in 1956, Euro Cup triumph in 1960 and finishing World Cup semifinalists in 1966. Their last big result was, however, at the 1988 Seoul Olympics when they won a cherished gold.\"We have recently changed our football calendar to match that of other European countries. We suffered a lot because of the (harsh) winter in Russia. Also, the collapse of the former Soviet Union had a big impact. Imagine Goa being split into five parts,\" said Morozov, who was born in Ukraine but chose to continue work in Russia. His parents, however, chose to stay put in Ukraine.The state government is awaiting a clearance from the ministry of external affairs (MEA) to sign a historic memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Lesgaft University. It might take some days, even weeks, and in a worst case scenario, possibly months, but the Russians are not unduly worried.\"We are willing to wait and cannot put a deadline. Even though a MoU has not been signed, we will not stop working. Like they say, the ball is now in your court,\" said Morozov.With the Lusofonia and the National Games fast approaching, one hopes the government at the centre puts aside its political differences with the state government, for the sake of sports, and give Goa the support it so badly deserves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416571", "title": "Murdered man was \u2018drugged\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police have arrested two men in a blind murder case that took place in the wee hours of Wednesday. The deceased, Raj Kumar, was a native of Nepal, who worked in apple orchards in Shimla region. Kumar was also a part of a gang that was involved in robbing innocent passengers after drugging them. \"During preliminary interrogation, Ramesh told police that earlier Raj Kumar was a part of their gang but on one occasion he betrayed them by not giving them their actual share of some loot. Enraged over this, Ramesh and Vikram formed their separate gang with Kamal and decided to take revenge from Kumar,\" said SSP Naunihal Singh.\"On Tuesday they saw Kumar at ISBT, Sector 43 and offered him drinks laced with sedatives. After that they dragged him to a nearby jungle and stabbed him to death. After killing him they took away a mobile and Rs. 7,000,\" he added. Police said that Raj Kumar had stolen the mobile of another Nepalese worker Yuvraj, who had in turn registered a police case. Police managed to arrest the two accused from Kotdwar near Haridwar, after tracking this cellphone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16415481", "title": "Govt staffers in just three bribery cases convicted in 10 years", "text": "MUMBAI: In the past 10 years, the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) has managed to get conviction in merely three cases of alleged bribery, instances where the police laid a trap based on complaints made by citizens against government employees demanding bribe. Also, in matters of complaints registered for assets disproportionate to income, only seven cases have witnessed conviction.A query under the Right to Information (RTI) Act by activist Jeetendra Ghadge has revealed this, in what points to the ACB's poor performance. Apart from those cases where traps were laid, complaints received by the ACB from the public are usually classified under the 'open' or 'discreet inquiry' category. Ghadge said officers are expected to conduct a probe before deciding whether to register an FIR or reject a complaint.But the RTI response shows that 750 cases were being probed by the ACB, Mumbai, of which 730 had been closed by the department and FIRs were filed in the rest between 2008 and July 2012. Another 210 cases from before 2008 have still been pending.\"The entire open and discreet inquiries do not make sense and it is nothing but an excuse, which eventually gets the accused off the hook. When a common man is accused of cheating, an FIR is immediately registered. under section 420 of the IPC.It is unfair that the same rule is not applicable to a government staffer; for him, an inquiry is held before an FIR is filed,\" said Ghadge.From 2002 to July 2012, only 24 cases of assets disproportionate to income were registered, of which seven reached conviction; accused in nine incidents were acquitted and the rest have been pending in court. Again, of 42 cases of misconduct, convictions were secured in just three, four cases led to acquittals and the rest are before the court. According to the statistics available with the ACB, 2,130 corruption cases - 171 in Mumbai - has been pending trial in various courts of Maharashtra since 1986.But DGP Raj Khilnani claimed that these statistics presented a distorted picture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416585", "title": "Ward No. 7 records 71.6% voter turnout", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The byelection of municipal ward number 7 started with low turnout on Saturday morning, but gained momentum later in the day. The polling which started at 8am witnessed only 14% polling in the first two hours, but by the end of day recorded a total 72.5% polling. Last polls of the ward in December recorded 71.6% voter turnout, around 1% less than Saturday's polls. The election commission had constituted 11 booths in the ward in six buildings and the segregation was made as per the population of the respective areas. The election commission has done a videographey of each booth and the entire record was preserved later. According to records available with election commission, 14% voting was completed by 10am. The number went up to 32% by 12pm, 49% by 2pm followed by 60% by 4pm. The voting went up to 7pm in most of the booths as maximum people started to gather in the queue after 4pm. Initially, heavy rain also kept the voters away, keeping the pace of voting slow in the initial part of the day. Balbir Singh Dhol, returning officer to conduct the election, said, \"The polling percentage was recorded at 72.5%. Out officer remained in the booth till 7pm as maximum people came to cast their votes during the last hour of voting.\" The voting completed peacefully and no untoward incident was reported. Though, on two to three booths minor verbal arguments were reported, but were later settled by the cops deployed there. Local wing of Bhartiya Janta Party made complaint to the election commissioner regarding slow working of employees at the voting booths. The party alleged that employees sitting on the job are working slow, as a result people were forced to wait in long queues. Senior leaders of all three political parties, Congress, BJP and BSP, also visited the ward. Union minister Pawan Kumar Bansal also visited the area of polling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16417062", "title": "China's Xi back in public eye after 14 days of no-show", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese 59-year-old president-in-waiting Xi Jinping appeared in public on Saturday after two-week absence that had sparked rumours about his whereabouts amid growing whispers about a leadership tussle within the ruling Communist Party.State media issued two photoss of Xi showing him in a cheerful mood at a function at China Agriculture University in Beijing to scotch rumours about his health. The vice-president is set to succeed Hu Jintao as China's president later this year.But there was no explanation for his long absence from public while his other colleagues in the powerful nine-member Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party were repeatedly seen.There are indications of intense negotiations within the party over the names of leaders, who will be appointed to the committee, which effectively runs the country, when seven of its members retire in the coming weeks. Those expected to retire include Hu and PM Wen Jiabao .Xi had cancelled meetings with four foreign dignitaries including US secretary of state Hillary Clinton during the past two weeks. There was no mention of Xi in state media till Thursday. At the university function, Xi spoke about the need to enhance food safety standards, and greater use of new technologies in food production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16417105", "title": "More patients than beds", "text": "PATNA: The three major government hospitals of the state capital - PMCH, NMCH and IGIMS - are finding it increasingly difficult to cope with the rush of patients due to inadequate number of beds. At times, patients are forced to wait for days to get admitted, while some others are treated lying on mattresses on the floor of the hospital wards.While PMCH and NMCH have 1,675 and 750 beds respectively, the IGIMS - having both super-speciality and broad speciality departments, has 476 beds. Apparently, there is urgent need for increasing the number of beds in the three hospitals.Admitting beds shortage, IGIMS director Dr Arun Kumar said, \"Yes, most often patients face difficulty in getting admitted to the hospital as adequate number of beds are not available in intensive care unit (ICU), emergency or different wards.\" Asked if there was any proposal to increase the number of beds, he said, \"As many as 350 beds are being added to the institute, which will become functional in next two years. But it's not the only solution. Whenever patients inflow in a particular department increases, they should be transferred to other government hospitals with lower bed occupancy.\" Moreover, he said, medicare facilities in smaller towns rural areas should be strengthened to reduce pressure on big hospitals.Indira Gandhi Institute of Cardiology (IGIC) director Dr S N Mishra said, \"We have just 160 beds while around 350 patients visit the OPD daily. Of them, 35-40 patients are admitted. We have to transfer non-cardiac patients to PMCH and admit only serious ones. Lack of beds often results in surgeries being postponed.\" However, a five-storied building with 300 beds and sitting capacity for 400 outdoor patients is coming up on the IGIC premises, he said.At PMCH, medicine and orthopaedic wards in particular face a tight situation. Sometimes, around 25% patients have to be put on the floor in different wards of the medicine department. The burn ward with 52 beds is usually full. The problem is burn patients cannot be kept on floor, a doctor said.NMCH emergency ward also suffers from severe space crunch, said HoD, paediatrics, Dr Arun Kumar Thakur. Dr Shiv Kumari Prasad, NMCH superintendent, said they had written to PWD for construction of a new building.Bed occupancy rates are 100% in departments such as orthopaedic, medicine, burn, surgery and gynaecology. While over 3,000 patients visit the OPDs of different departments daily, nearly 800 patients visit the emergency wards of various departments - Dr Rajiv Ranjan Prasad, PMCH", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16416795", "title": "UPA\u2019s FDI move stokes oppn fire", "text": "KANPUR: Parties placed at diverse ends of the political and ideological spectrum were united on Saturday when it came to scathing protests against the UPA government's 'inflationary' decision to hike diesel prices, put a cap on subsidised LPG cylinders, and allow FDI in retail.Workers of the BJP, SP and CPI, along with locals from the city opted for different ways to lodge their protest. While some stopped trains and burnt effigies of the Prime Minister, others gheraod the residence of coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal and took out Rath Yatras in condemnation.The demonstrations began as early as 6am when scores of traders under the banner of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal reached Kanpur Central railway station with black flags to gherao Jaiswal. The minister was expected to reach the city via Shramshakti Express. But when the protestors did not find Jaiswal at the railway station, they proceeded towards his residence in Pokharpur locality.Demanding a rollback, the agitated traders pasted a memorandum on the walls of the minister's house and pledged that they would continue their protest until their demands are met. Gyanesh Mishra, general secretary of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal, who was spearheading the protest, said the traders will not allow FDI in retail, for it meant the death of small businesses. He said the protests outside houses of Congress party leaders would continue.Meanwhile, BJP's women workers staged a demonstration on the tracks at platform number one of Kanpur Central railway station, delaying Lucknow-Kanpur-New Delhi Swarnshatabdi Express by ten minutes. The women held banners against the UPA government and raised slogans against its policies.Another massive protest was held at Bada Chauraha under the leadership of BJP MLA Salil Vishnoi. Vishnoi said the UPA government would have to pay a heavy price for its anti-people policies in the next elections. The BJP MLA also took the opportunity to criticize the state's SP government for failing to provide regular power supply to the city's residents and industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16416071", "title": "NRKs want to invest in infra bonds", "text": "KOCHI: They've made loads of money sweating it out in distant lands. Instead of stashing it away in banks can all that hard-earned money be used to fund infrastructure development in Kerala? That was the question which was raised in the session on non-resident Keralites (NRKs) at the Emerging Kerala meet, which was inaugurated by CM Oommen Chandy. Noted NRK businessman and vice-chairman of Norka-Roots, M A Yusuffali, pointed out that Kerala should have quality infrastructure for the NRKs to invest in the state.He said that there are many instances of Gulf-returnees investing in the state and going back to the oil-rich countries when their businesses turn unviable. \"It is the responsibility of the state government to provide infrastructure for attracting investments. Banks have invested the money deposited by them outside the state and it will be used there for developmental activities. The state government should look at issuing infrastructure bonds so that it can utilize this money for the development of state infrastructure,\" he said. Air Kerala Express is one such initiative, which will get the support of NRKs, he said. \"Plans are on for providing concessions to those who invest in the project,\" he said.C K Menon, CMD, Behzad Group, also urged the government to issue profit-guaranteed bonds for a period of five to ten years for developmental purposes. \"People working in the Gulf countries can invest a lot of money. With the RBI relaxing the norms for issuing bonds, the state government should take the necessary steps so that it will help the state overcome the economic slowdown as well,\" he said.Meanwhile, Ravi Pilla, MD of the RP Group of Companies, said that about 30,000 people working in his company have promised to buy shares in the proposed Air Kerala Express. He also emphasized that development is possible only through investment.Earlier, speaking about the proposed Air Kerala Express, the CM said that the government is considering the option of providing special concessions to people who have not visited their homes for more than five years. \"At least ten seats will be reserved for such people in each flight,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416563", "title": "Matter must first be reviewed: Syndics", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A disagreement between UT and Panjab University over in-house exams, has put students of city colleges in a fix. \"The colleges are required to meet the criteria of 180 teaching days in a year, according to the norms of university grants commission. There has to be a mechanism devised where resources and money of the administration is not wasted. Close to two and half months are wasted on both these exams,\" said Ajoy Sharma, DHE, UT. As an experiment this year, the DHE had proposed to introduce the system of continuous evaluation through presentations instead of the September in-house exams in four government colleges. \"We will have exams this year as per the directions received by the colleges from UT and PU. We already have a system of presentations and projects in class,\" says Achila Dogra, principal of Post Graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 11. PU officials and syndics claim that the matter must first be thoroughly reviewed by the board of studies and other academic bodies, who directly deal with the issue. \"Since there are assigned bodies for handling all academic affairs for all subjects, the matter must be first reviewed by them before it is brought to the notice of the syndicate. It was decided to review the matter since an immediate action could not be taken on it,\" said Ashok Goyal, PU syndicate and senate member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415902", "title": "Pranab sermon to fight fiscal crisis", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after the central government announced a host of economic reforms, Pranab Mukherjee admitted that the country's economy was going through a difficult phase. But the President urged people to overcome the problems collectively.Speaking at a programme, organized by the Indian Chamber of Commerce along with fiver other industry bodies, about the present economic scenario in his address, Pranab said: \"It is true that we are passing through difficult times. Today we face high inflationary pressure, high current account deficit and fiscal deficit. But I do not feel that we should be disappointed when the situation becomes difficult. Rather, we should try to resolve the difficulties and overcome them by our collective efforts.\"The programme was organized by Indian Chamber of Commerce along with five other industry bodies.He pointed out: \"The fact remains that in a globalised world you cannot insulate your economy from the positive and adverse impacts of the developments in other parts of the world,\" the President pointed out.He said Indian narratives have demonstrated umpteen number of times that by collective efforts the country been able to overcome difficult economic situation. \"Today we are having high inflationary pressure, high current account deficit and fiscal deficit. No doubt these are areas of concern. But this should not lead us to a sense of despondency.\"The President said problems are there in the economy of the country, but those problems should be dealt properly to resolve it and convert difficulties to advantages by collective efforts.He said though the country entered into a higher growth trajectory in the 1980s, it was 5.6%. In the 1990s it was over 6%. \"In 2003-04 to 2011-12, if we take into account the average of these nine years, we will find our average GDP growth was 8.7%. In the three consecutive years - 2005-06, 2006-07, 2007-08, we had 9%+, but at the same time it is equally true that it is in this period of nine years that we had two major international financial crisis.\"\"Our growth story, despite the serious 2008-09, we registered our GDP growth at 6.7%. We could turnaround in 2009-10 and 2010-11, which was average 8.4% each year. Then again we had difficulties that was the Eurozone crisis.\"The President said that after a turnaround in 2009-10 and 2010-11 with an average GDP of 8.4%, the country was hit by the Eurozone crisis. He emphasized that till date India exports 35-36% to Europe. \"But it takes some more time to square up almost one-third of our total exports from one region to another region. FII or FDI - all these have bearings on this economic crisis.\"Talking about the stimulus 2008-09 packages, he said: \"This fiscal expansion leads to inflationary pressure coupled with the short supply of some of the critical agricultural inputs and items. I do feel the Indian narratives are not negative, it's positive. And Indian workforce, our farmers they have contributed to these growing narratives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16415904", "title": "Jharkhand State Electricity Board gets Rs 20cr a month by selling surplus power", "text": "RANCHI: In the absence of proper power grid and transmission network in thousands of Santhal Pargana and Palamu households, the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) is earning at least Rs 20 crore per month by providing surplus power to the national grid. In the last four months, the board has earned around Rs 80 crore.\"On an average we surrender around 100 MW everyday,\" JSEB spokesperson P K Srivastava said, adding, \"The state government is working to improve transmission network in the two divisions. Once the transmission network is ready, we will be able to utilize surplus power within the state. Till then we have no option but to surrender power.\"JSEB has been able to generate surplus power for the last few months owing to Sikdri Hydel Power which generated good amount of power after the rainfalls, sources said. Sikdri, which has an installed capacity of 120 MW, generates power only in monsoons because of adequate water in its reservoir. Generation at Patratu and Tenughat thermal power stations is also good.\"On days when we have power but are unable to utilize it because of poor transmission in the two divisions -covering 11 out of 24 districts of the state - we surrender it. In return we get good money, especially, when there is high demand from other states. We get upto Rs 2.50 per unit against generation cost of 40 paise per unit,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16416102", "title": "Differently-abled kids bowled over by 'Manny &amp; Diego'", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a novel experience for both Kannegi Packianathan and about 120 students from various institutions for differently-abled in the city when they sat down with 3D goggles in front of the screen at a multiplex on Brookebond Road on Friday.They were part of the audience for whom a special screening of the latest animated English movie 'Ice Age part IV: Continental Drift' was screened. While the children were completely bowled over the onscreen antics of the characters in the movie, the government officials joined in the fun and excitement by taking a brief break from their daily routine of clearing government files and field inspections.\"It is a wonderful experience to sit with these children and join in their excitement,\" said Kannagi Packianathan, secretary, Differently-Abled Welfare Department, Tamil Nadu.The children were taken to the movie hall in a bus after a brief interaction with district collector M Karunagaran from the collectorate campus. The audience included about 120 differently-abled children and about 35 adults including teachers, instructors, volunteers and also officials from the district administration.\"These children are on par with other children of their age and events like this help to boost their confidence. It is also evident from their faces that they are having a very good time here,\" said C Jasmine, District Differently Abled Welfare Officer, who was also present at the event.For most of the students, it was their first visit to the mall and also the multiplex to catch a movie. The hot favourite character from the movie for most of them was Manny the elephant while his trusted friend Diego , the sabre tooth also kept them entertained during the movie.\"I usually like Vijay movies and this is the first time I watched an English animated film and I thoroughly enjoyed it. My favourite was the Yaanai (elephant) in the movie,\" said P Saranya , a student of Infant Jesus Convent Special School for mute and hearing impaired children.The movie lasted for about an hour after which there was a brief photo-session outside the screen in the multiplex. The students were then taken for a lunch and brief interaction with city police commissioner AK Viswananthan. An exhibition of various items made by the differently-abled children was opened at Vivanta by Taj Surya hotel here. The event was organised by Lead India 2000 with the support of SNR Sons Charitable Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16421254", "title": "Going topless in Salles film no big deal, says Kristen Stewart", "text": "Kristen Stewart has revealed that her upcoming film 'On The Road' director Walter Salles made her so comfortable that filming the topless scene didn't bother her.The 22-year-old actress was full of praise for Salles, and said, \"You can do no wrong with him.\"\"He puts so much inside of you. In the four-week rehearsal process, it was okay to ask any question, to bring up any story, to really over-analyze everything and intellectualize everything,\" the Mirror quoted her, as saying.The 'Twilight' actress admitted that she didn't mind taking off her clothes in front of everybody on the set of the film.\"Once we got on set, it was so about just breathing and letting it happen,\" she said.\"[Walter] put so much trust in us, so it was like, \"Okay, so I have to take my clothes off?\" It's so not a big [deal].\"\"[Being topless] didn't bother me,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16410464", "title": "Shooter Vijay Kumar gets Bollywood offers", "text": "The Olympic silver medalist, is getting offers to play an action hero in Hindi films.Winning an Olympic medal seems to have opened new avenues for these winners, not just in the field of sports, but in Bollywood too. After a movie being announced on Olympic medalist MC Mary Kom, silver medalist Vijay Kumar is now all set to make a Bollywood debut.An elated Vijay says, \"Winning the medal has become a magic wand for me. Suddenly, my life has changed, and I'm getting so much attention. Honestly, I was shocked and a bit surprised to know that Bollywood directors are approaching me to play an action hero in their films. I'm not an actor, but I'm open to such offers. It's a great feeling, but at the same time I don't want to lose the focus. I'm grateful to the government, shooting federation and my fans who have supported and helped me to be what I am today.\"He continues, \"Recently I attended an event in Mumbai where I was felicitated by Amitabh Bachchan. There I was approached by a few well-known filmmakers from the Hindi film industry. One of them even offered me the role of an action hero in his upcoming film. So far, I haven't got any script nor have I signed the film, but this is all very exciting. Everything is in the initial stages right now, but agar kuch final hua toh, I would love to do the movie.\"Any favourite actress that he would like to act? \"Koi bhi chalegi. Mujhe toh saari actress pasand hain... par woh mujhe pasand karengi tabhi toh mere saath movie karengi,\" he smiles. How about Kareena and he instantly replies, \"She is a very good actress, but I think she is too old for me.\"Ask him if he follows Bollywood movies and Vijay admits, \"Haan fauji hain toh kya hua aisa nahi ki hum Hindi movies nahi dekhte. Whenever I'm free, I watch Bollywood films. I enjoy watching action films. Sometimes, it's so funny to see how our heroes hold the gun and fire random shots. As a shooter, I can understand and see the flaws the actor or the director is making in the film. But that's ok, we all know that it is all just for entertainment.\"Not many know that Vijay started his career as a boxer and then took up shooting. Vijay confesses, \"Yes, I picked up sports in 2001. I started with boxing, but I felt it doesn't suit me. Being in the Army surely helped me a lot to groom myself in sports. Within a few years, I slowly realised that I was a better shooter then a boxer, so I took up shooting seriously and then there was no looking back. I strongly believe that as a sportsman unless and until you enjoy playing the game you just can't achieve your goals. It is necessary to understand what you enjoy doing in life and then take your decisions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16415345", "title": "'Care has to be taken not to damage public property'", "text": "The ever increasing number of pandals during Ganesh Utsav put pressure on measures taken up by the administration. Do you plan to restrict their number?Festivals are good occasion for social interaction and intermingling. There should not be any move to curb them. But, yes, we need to control the uglier sides of celebration. This could be noise pollution, damage to environment or inconvenience to general public.Ganesh and Durga mandals set up pandals on the road. This is an encroachment and restricts the free flow of traffic and damages the roads ...It is my request to everybody that while indulging in religious or any other celebrations, care has to be taken that civic property is not damaged and general public is not put to any inconvenience. For this to happen there is a need to be sensitive towards others. There is a need for channelizing celebrations in a manner that would be acceptable to even those who not part of festivities.But most pandals being put up on the roads are by mandals headed by corporators?They have been putting them up since the time they were not corporators and continue even when they are not corporators anymore. On a more serious note, I feel that there is a need to create awareness. I am requesting everybody to ensure that traffic is not disrupted or people in the vicinity are not disturbed. Yes, there has been an increase in traffic on the roads and today the situation is different from what it was a decade back. So we have to be all the more careful.Have you issued any notices to mandals setting up such structures?Since it is a question of awareness, it takes time. Today issues like using clay idols and shunning PoP idols are taken very seriously. It took so many years for people to change their thinking. Children are more aware than us as they are more perceptive. We have spread the message of eco-friendly idols through children by organizing workshops that teach making of clay idols. Similarly, these issues too will take time to get imbibed.Has anyone been booked or fined for setting up a pandal illegally or damaging the roads?There have been instances where fines have been levied for damaging roads or other public property. We are taking affidavits from the mandals stating they will abide by all the existing rules and will control noise pollution, not usePoP idols and will not disrupt traffic or free movement.But why can't the administration book those setting up illegal structures?We are celebrating these festivals since times immemorial. There have been changes in the manner of celebrations over the decades. I have asked the mandals to use these occasions to create awareness and sensitize the society towards various issues. Changes are coming about. When youth takes charge, things begin to change. Representatives of many mandals have met me to say that they are taking up socially relevant themes this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16417163", "title": "Vadodara Municipal Corporation cuts deposits, rentals for Ratri Bazaar outlets", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has decided to make drastic cuts in the deposits and rentals for outlets at the ambitious Ratri Bazaar in Karelibaug area of the city. The decision was taken by a committee of officials that is looking into the affairs of the market where eateries are supposed to remain open till the early hours.The decision to make drastic cuts in the rentals and deposits was taken at a meeting of the officials on Friday. Earlier, the civic body had decided to take Rs 8 lakh as deposit and an equal amount as annual rent for bigger shops at the market and Rs 4 lakh as deposit and an equal amount as rent for smaller shops.The civic body has now decided to bring the deposits for the bigger shops to Rs 2.5 lakh and rental of these shops down to Rs 1.5 lakh. Similarly, the deposit for the small shops has been brought down to Rs 1 lakh with an equal amount towards rent. The market has 12 big outlets measuring 16 square metre and 30 small outlets measuring four square metres.When tenders were invited at the previous rates, 48 people had taken the forms. Out of these only three submitted these back to VMC. The process was cancelled and fresh norms as well as rates were decided after this.An official said earlier the civic body had decided various categories of foods for which shops would be allotted. Also, it had decided to give a fixed number of shops to international and national food chains. But such restrictions have been done away now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415879", "title": "Gupta draws flak for Delhi University students\u2019 union defeat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The factionalism within BJP's top rung may not have come to the fore for a while now, but the infighting seems to have rubbed off on the party's student's wing, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), which got wiped out in the Delhi University students' union (DUSU) polls on Saturday.ABVP lost all the four posts it had contested. Congress-backed NSUI won three posts, and tied for the fourth. ABVP's crushing defeat has come at a time when the saffron outfit is leading a battle against the Congress-led UPA over issues of corruption and rising prices.Saturday's defeat takes away all the credit that ABVP had acquired, thanks to its good performance in the last two DUSU elections. Traditionally, Delhi University (DU) is considered an NSUI stronghold. The setback has upset BJP, and the party is blaming its Delhi unit for the disastrous results.Delhi BJP chief Vijender Gupta, himself an alumnus of DU, was the nodal link between the party and ABVP. However, the poll debacle has led to allegations flying thick and fast of lack of coordination between the party and the students' wing.None of the big leaders of the party like Arun Jaitley or Vijay Goel among others, who came up through ABVP's ranks, were roped in to address the students.The ABVP unit in DU is ridden with factional politics \u2014 divided on caste and regional lines \u2014 that prevented it from putting up good candidates against NSUI.The central party leadership has taken a serious view of the matter. The failure is seen in the context of BJP's shoddy performance under Gupta even as it braces for the assembly polls slated to be held next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16417452", "title": "Three confirmed H1N1 cases in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three confirmed cases of H1N1 in the past 10 days have led to a scare in Punjab. While two patients admitted in the DMC, Ludhiana, have been discharged, a 55 years old woman is critical and admitted in ICU of a hospital in Mohali.Confirming these cases, nodal officer of Integrated Disease Surveillance Programme, Punjab, Deepak Bhatia said, \"On September 6, Balbir Kaur from Hoshiarpur was admitted with the flu in Ludhiana. On September 13, Sukhdeep Singh from Doraha, Ludhiana, was also admitted in the same hospital with the flu. The third patient is from Mohali.\"The first H1N1 case from the region this year was reported from Kurukshetra on April 1. Another case was confirmed two days later, from Nayagoan in Punjab, when a 33-year-old nurse in PGI contracted the influenza while attending to a patient in one of the ICUs.This flu is no longer a pandemic, which one can contract from someone. \"We have enough Tamiflu stock and have vaccinated our health workers. There is no connection these days with travel history and the virus,\" said Bhatia.In the last two years, Punjab has grappled with over 300 flu cases. Between 2009 and 2010, 252 people in the state had tested positive, while 73 had died of the flu.Two years ago, a PGI nurse had been infected with the flu and over 30 doctors tested positive. In 2010, a 55-year-old resident of Mandi district in Himachal had died of H1N1 at a private hospital in Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419714", "title": "An Indo-French musical treat at Vadodara!", "text": "The city chapter of Alliance Francaise, which is dedicated to promoting French language and culture , has come up with a praiseworthy initiative in association with the Vadodara Mahanagar Seva Sadan (VMSS).Every first and third Saturday, local artists get a chance to perform in front of the city's knowledgeable music lovers at Band Stand, Sayajibaug. And one such recent evening turned out to be a lot of fun, where there was a joint musical presentation by Indian and French artists.Going by the response, the crowd simply loved this experimental, innovative event and many were heard saying that more such evenings would be most welcome in the city. On this particular evening, Agnes Balcet (clarinet), Valerie Sion (flute), Mohit Gangani (percussion), Charlotte (violin), Khyati Vyas (vocals), Shubham Kamat (keyboard) and Joel (drums) made it a musical treat with their superb performances and left the audiences asking for more.A young crowd, that cheered for every performer, and the majestic and picturesque venue just added more life to the evening. Just like other evenings, the entry was free and apart from the regular crowd, a significant number of people who frequent the park everyday for their daily evening walk also dropped by to witness a unique musical evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415231", "title": "Hastak's Veolia-sponsored France tour raises eyebrows", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is yet to find a way to clear the controversy over handing over the water works to a private company Orange City Water Limited (OCWL), it finds itself in another row. France-based Veolia Water Limited, one of the two private companies in the OCWL joint venture, has sponsored France tour of NMC executive engineer Shashikant Hastak raising many eyebrows. However, the NMC has denied permission for this and sent the proposal for state government's approval.Hastak, who is also the executive director of Nagpur Environmental Services Limited (NESL), has even not informed the board of directors headed by mayor Anil Sole and also chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle about the proposed tour. Leader of ruling party in NMC, Praveen Datke, and the leader of opposition Vikas Thakre have criticized the Hastak's proposed tour.A senior NMC official on the condition of anonymity told TOI that Hastak got the proposal from Veolia a month ago. Confirming this, Hastak told TOI being the head of NMC's water works department, Veolia requested him to attend a conference in France on September 19. \"Engineers from various public utilities related to water works will be attending the conference. I was asked to talk about the water reforms being undertaken in the city with the help of JNNURM funds. It will be a matter of honour for the NMC if someone attends the conference in France,\" he said.According to a senior NMC official, Hastak had submitted a proposal to the NMC's general administration department (GAD) in the first week this month requesting permission for the tour. \"The GAD officials while denying permission informed Hastak about the bylaws making it mandatory to take the state government's permission. No official is permitted to go abroad on own and speak about the civic body and the government's scheme. Later, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane sent Hastak's proposal to the urban development department (UDD),\" he said.Sources told TOI that an official from the UDD had asked the NMC to send details of the proposal on Friday. \"The NMC furnished the details and now the proposal is pending with the government,\" said sources.Claiming ignorance in the matter, Sudhakar Kohle said, \"I am not aware of the proposed tour. I talk to Hastak almost daily but he never informed me. Even Sole might not be aware of the tour,\" he said.Condemning the proposed tour, Vikas Thakre said, \"NMC is implementing a major shutdown from Sunday. Besides, a general body meeting is proposed within a few days to discuss the city's problems, especially related to water. How can the head of water works department go abroad,\" he questioned.Thakre added that Hastak's tour confirm the allegations about nexus between the administration and private companies to introduce the PPP model in water works for 25 years. \"Though corporators are daily complaining about problems in their wards, Hastak has not paid any attention. I will demand NMC to seek ask reply from Hastak on the proposed tour,\" he said.Pravin Datke said the private operator has failed to meet the targets and NMC's expectations. \"Had I been in Hastak's place, I would have never accepted the sponsorship from the company. NMC should not give approval for the tour,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16416157", "title": "There is life beyond LPG", "text": "COIMBATORE: There is a renewed focus on alternative sources of cooking fuel in the city following the Union government's decision to restrict subsidized domestic LPG to six cylinders per household annually.Shops selling induction stoves are witnessing brisk business despite the shadow of declared and undeclared power cuts. Firewood suppliers too are in demand while promoters of bio-gas plants and solar cooking ranges claim that people calling in to inquire about their products.LPG distributors in the city have already told customers that each household would get only three subsidized cylinders till the end of the financial year in March 2013. However, they are yet to get any clear direction on the supply of cylinders without subsidy in the given period. A number of LPG users across the city TOI spoke to confessed that buying cylinders without the subsidy would definitely derail their monthly budget. However, many in the city felt that the restriction on the number of subsidized cylinders would hardly make a difference due to the long wait. \"I had to wait for 57 days to get the cylinder filled last time,'' says M Francis, a resident of Rathnapuri.In the case of those who avail free LPG under the state government scheme, the delivery is further delayed. \"After receiving a full cylinder, you can book for refill only after two months. That is the existing unofficial system. On occasions, we had to depend on neighbours to get a cylinder for exchange,'' says Ramola Praveen Kumar , a resident of LIC Colony in Kovaipudur. There are widespread complaints regarding a Bharat Gas distributing agency in Thadagam Road, which refuse to attend booking calls from customers.According to customers, those with two LPG cylinders are not entitled to buy kerosene from ration shops. So the chances of cooking on kerosene stoves when LPG is unavailable are slim. \"I had booked for a cylinder last month as soon as my first cylinder was exhausted. I expected a refill in a month. However, even after my second cylinder got empty, there was no replacement,\" laments I Soundar, a resident of Neelikonampalayam.Meanwhile, induction stoves have made a comeback. \"There was a severe drop in the sale of induction stoves last month when power outages returned. Now, there is renewed interest in them. Even at my home, I started cooking food on induction stove during the gaps of power cuts,'' said S Priya, a resident of Ramanathapuram. \"Both bio gas and solar cooking ranges require huge investment and space. That is why many people are finding induction stoves as alternatives,\" she said.Induction stoves are available at prices varying from Rs 2,000 to Rs 3,500, depending on the brand. Some customers, however, felt that the power cuts and power consumption rate have made induction cookers economically unviable. S Shanmughanathan, a resident of Thudiyalur, said the stoves are causing power tariff equal to that of buying LPG cylinders at non-subsidised rate.Solar-based cooking too can be expected to find takers. \"I have been in the business of providing solar-based electrification of houses for over 15 years. Now, I am getting at least 20 calls a day asking for solar-based cooking facilities. I have already started contacting major players in the field,'' said R Hariharamurthy of Cheran Managar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16421075", "title": "Shriya loves Tokyo", "text": "Actress Shriya Saran seems to be in awe of Tokyo, where she is present for the 3D premire of the hit Rajinikanth-starrer Sivaji The Boss.The actress finds the people there very sweet and polite.The actress added at the event that she is indebted to director Shankar and her co-star Rajinikanth for giving her this movie, which is biggest blockbuster in her career. She also added that she was lucky to have worked with the stalwarts.Shriya's Midnight's Children under Deepa Mehta's direction, was premiered at Toronto as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16416894", "title": "NDA failed to nail Centre on coalgate: Deve Gowda", "text": "DHARWAD: In a scathing attack on the Congress-led UPA government, former prime minister and Janata Dal (S) supremo H D Deve Gowda charged the Centre of trying to de-stabilize the constitutional authority, comptroller and auditor general (CAG).Speaking to reporters in Dharwad on Saturday Gowda said both the ruling UPA and the opposition parties have taken the CAG report on the scam involving allocation of coal very lightly. Stating that there was no serious discussion in Parliament about the scam having serious ramification, Deve Gowda said the NDA failed to nail the government on the issue.Instead of seeking replies from the Prime Minister, the NDA walked-out of the Parliament and boycotted the proceedings.This has yielded no result. The Congress is trying to dilute the CAG report, he alleged.Though considerable time was there to discuss the issue, the Opposition demanding resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh boycotted the sessions. In this high drama, the voice of the minor political parties went unheard, he added. The entire session went in vain and precious time was wasted, the senior leader lamented. On hike in fuel price Gowda said the move of the government has rubbed salt on the wounds of people who are already feeling the heat of inflation. It has become inevitable for people to hit the streets and stage protests against the Centre for adopting anti-people policies, he said.Referring to drought management in the state, he lashed out at the BJP government and stated that the state government had miserably failed to tackle drought. The farmers will give a befitting reply to the BJP in the next elections, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415874", "title": "Congress cashes in on NSUI\u2019s win", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress-backed NSUI's clean sweep in DUSU polls comes at a time when both Delhi government and the Congress-led UPA are under fire over corruption and rising inflation. On Saturday, UPA president Sonia Gandhi and chief minister Sheila Dikshit were seen hailing the NSUI win as a reflection of the people's faith in the Congress. The party did not miss out on the opportunity to project AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi, who is in-charge of youth affairs in the party, as an emerging \"icon\".With the debacle in the municipal polls still fresh in her mind and the forthcoming assembly polls in her sight, Dikshit was quick to capitalize on NSUI's gains. She hosted the winners at her residence and congratulated them. \"This is a historic win. It has come at a time when the perception about Congress is that it's not in the best of shape, and when various issues, such as the diesel hike, are coming up. I had myself expected two to three seats at the most, but to see NSUI perform so well is encouraging,\" Dikshit said.The CM credited the victory to NSUI's hard work and Rahul Gandhi's presence as a source of inspiration for the youngsters in the party. \"He has emerged as an icon and now the youth think that there is someone they can look up to in the party,\" the CM added.Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee president and northeast Delhi MP J P Aggarwal also said Rahul Gandhi showed the way in a statement. However, political observers believe NSUI's advantage sprung from the fact that the whole Congress party threw its weight behind the student wing and pulled all stops in wooing students.Meanwhile, the state BJP distanced itself from ABVP poor performance in the polls by saying that the students' wing is an apolitical body linked to the RSS but over which the BJP has no direct control. Delhi BJP chief Vijender Gupta said NSUI's victory was no indication that Delhiites prefer the Congress. \"The civic polls are an indicator of the times to come and not the DUSU polls,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16415816", "title": "Medical camp at Canacona for kidney patients", "text": "An ayurvedic medical camp for kidney patients will be conducted on Sunday, from 9.30am to 2pm, at Mataji Mandir boys' hostel, Tembewada, Canacona, Seva Sankalp and Senior Citizens' Forum. The president of Seva Sankalp, Dilip Gaitonde, has stated that Raghuveer Bhide from Ratnagiri will be available for consulation every month. Patients suffering from kidney problems, including those undergoing dialysis, should bring along HB, urea and createnine reports, states a press note.Nomozo in Panaji today:Nomozo 5 (Non Motorized Zone) will be held along the 18th June Road in Panaji on September 16 between 9am and 1pm.Vipassana meditation course: The Goa Vipassana Samiti will organize its monthly day-long vipassana meditation course on September 16 from 10am to 4pm at the Jan Ugahi office, fifth floor, Vikrant building, Malbhat-Margao. Only students who have learnt the technique in a 10-day Vipassana course, as taught by S N Goenka, can attend.For details call on 9850457636 or 9420165865.Exhibition of Angelo da Fonseca's paintings:The Xavier Centre of Historic Research, Alto Porvorim, is hosting an exhibition of paintings by Angelo da Fonesca, titled 'Maiden, Muse and Madonna'. It is curated by Savia Viegas. The exhibition will remain open till November 14 - Monday to Friday, from 10am to 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16416718", "title": "Nursery to first grade", "text": "Why stick to c h i l l i e s when you can bell a red pepper? That's what Dr T Venkatesan did in his kitchen garden at his Harrington Road home. If you're popping spearmint, why not apple mint too? Graphic designer Malavika Pritham Chakravarthy gave it a go at her patch near Auroville.The next time you make sambar, how about putting in some chopped thumbathangai instead of beans? A vegetable found these days only in the villages of Tamil Nadu, M Krishnaswamy of Mylapore grows it to remind him of his childhood.In the last couple of years, several kitchen garden enthusiasts across the city (and a little outside its borders) are now going beyond the usual crop of ladies' finger and beans, digging into their native roots as well as taking a nip at harvesting the more exotic. Curiosity and a desire to add variety to their palette seem to be what's plowing them on.After decades of growing tomatoes and brinjals, Dr Venkatesan decided he was going to try his hand at red and yellow bell peppers to his homegrown menu. \"I was nervous whether it would work in Chennai as my daughter had brought the seeds from the US but it was a success,\" says the 77-year-old who loves the extra colour they give his food. In Besant Nagar, retiredcustoms-official-turned-gardening-enthusiast SS Radhakrishnan is most excited about the cherry tomatoes he has planted. \"It was plain curiosity,\" he says. \"I've planted native tomato varieties for years. But when I saw a photograph of these little cherry tomatoes, I knew I wanted to taste them,\" says Radhakrishnan, who for a year has been spearheading a kitchen garden movement through the voluntary organisation Good Governance Guards.Kitchen gardens have a pretty long history in India with the All India Kitchen Garden Association being set up in 1967 to help people tackle issues such as shortage of food and rising vegetable prices. Later on, says Santhi Balasubramanian of the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University's Information and Training Centre, kitchen gardens sprouted everywhere because of a rising fear of pesticides being used to grow vegetables. \"We have had more than 300 people walk into our office this year wanting to set up their own garden,\" she says. \"We are now beginning to see people exploring newer vegetable varieties too,\" she adds.Chakravarthy, who has been gardening since childhood, has added corn, sweet corn, New Zealand keerai, three types of basil and three types of mint -- spearmint, peppermint and apple mint -- to her onions, cucumber, and garlic. \"I like food, any kind of food, which is why I keep experimenting,\" says Chakravarthy, who has also grown a passion fruit plant in a pot. \"The apple mint sprigs, for instance, I got from a friend when she returned from Italy. I planted them and discovered that while you cannot really cook with them, they are great in juices,\" she says.Sheela Prabhu from Madurai, has a cherry bush growing in her backyard, which she uses in her Christmas cakes to make them extra special. \"The cherries were an experiment I am glad I tried, because they were more luscious than ones I've ever bought,\" she says.Now, while there are gardeners going global, there are others growing local. Krishnaswamy, for instance, who says there are vegetables you see in villages, which you will not find in Chennai. \"The thumbathangai, for example, which I grow, is like hyacinth beans or avarakkai. It's healthy, tasty, but unavailable here,\" he adds. Another avid gardener, AM Malathy, trolls villages in Tamil Nadu to source seeds and saplings of vegetables you will not find in Chennai. That's how she sourced her red ladies' finger, red beans and round bottle gourd. \"I grew up with aunts who would talk about the benefits of native vegetables. I want to continue that tradition at home,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16415946", "title": "It's Leipzig for sloth bears", "text": "PANAJI: If German tourists had marvelled at the sight of a pair of sloth bears at Bondla, it may not be difficult for them to see the mammals again back home in Leipzig.The 40-year-old zoo is poised to figure in an international exchange with Germany through the more than century-old Mysore zoo in Karnataka.\"Goa will exchange the sloth bear with Mysore zoo for the hippopotamus couple and in turn, Mysore will swap them for some other animals with Germany,\" Richard D'Souza, additional principal chief conservator of forest said.Suraj and Rani, as the hippos are called, will be the first exotic animals at Bondla. The increasing captive stock at the small zoo will soon be enriched by the addition of some quails and pheasants, also from Mysore and some black bucks from the Pune zoo.The sloth bear will be first carted to Mysore before being dispatched to their new home. \"We will ensure that they are acclimatized under simulated conditions before they leave,\" B P Ravi, Mysore zoo director said.Mysore zoo, also referred to as Sri Chamarajendra Zoological Gardens, has an ongoing exchange programme with Germany.The Leipzig zoo had given a few cheetahs to the zoo, which was set up by a German, G H Krumbeigal, in 1892.The staffers at the Bondla zoo may soon miss the mammals, but they and forest department officials are still agog, as the bears departure will net a 'big' gain for the zoo.Bondla officials efforts at captive breeding have proved quite successful.A sloth bear couple was brought from Vishakpatnam some years back.Their offspring, affectionately called 'Gangoo' and 'Pandu' by zoo staff, emerged in the baby boom witnessed at Bondla in 2011, along with crocodiles, sambhars, sand boas and other animals.The mammals are now almost two years old. \"The animal-friendly conditions at the zoo and more space in the open enclosures have helped the animals,\" deputy conservator of forests, (wildlife and eco tourism) D N Carvalho said.A water body designed like a swimming pool is being constructed for the hippos.\"They are perennially found in water and also need to keep their hide moist to prevent fungus from burrowing in it,\" D'Souza said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16415855", "title": "Left Front may go all out for Thursday shutdown", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal is heading for a three-in-one shutdown against the reform measures taken by the Manmohan Singh government to boost growth. While the state BJP unit will see to it that the party's nationwide bandh call on Thursday also has an impact in Bengal, a section of traders under the Federation of West Bengal Traders Association has called for a trade bandh in the state on the same day to protest against the FDI entry in multi-brand retail. The Left Front partners may also call a hartal on that day to pile on the rollback pressure.Taking lessons from the state Citu president Shyamal Chakrabarty's unilateral strike call against rise in fuel prices nearly a month ago that was later called off because Left Front partners refused to back the strike call, the Left Front chairman was cautious this time.Biman Bose urged upon the Left activists to campaign against the Centre's anti-people policies. Forward Bloc supporters took to the streets in different parts of the city hours before the Left Front meeting to register their protest on hike in diesel prices and the FDI in retail issue.\"We will take stock of our agitation programmes in the Left Front meeting on September 18 and announce our form of protest on that day,\" Bose said.Taking a dig at the Mamata Banerjee government, Bose wanted that the state government should keep the sales tax component on the increased diesel prices on hold till the Manmohan Singh government decides on the rollback. The Left Front chairman pointed out that the Left Front government had slashed its tax component on fuel in 2008-09 as a step to relieve the burden on the people. The CPM leader also blamed the Trinamool Congress of taking double standards.\"The Trinamool Congress is part and parcel of the UPA. It can't shirk its onus of all these policies just by saying that the railway minister was not present in the meeting that took the decision,\" said Bose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16415212", "title": "BJP protesters serve half-cooked food to collector!", "text": "GONDIA: Women's wing unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party in Gondia staged a unique protest agitation in front of the local Collectorate on Friday evening against the price hike of diesel and LPG. They shouted anti government slogans with firewood on their heads and served half cooked food to the collector as a way to condemn the price hike and rationing of domestic gas cylinders.Rachana Gahane and Sita Rahangdale led the protesters. When they reached the collectorate, the gates were closed by the police. So the women staged their protest outside the gate.During discussion with the collector Pradeep Kalbhor, the women asked him how women could cook food properly with only six cylinders in a year. As a token of the quality of that food which would cooked on firewood, they served him half cooked food.Others sho were present in this morcha included Deepa Kashiwar, Kirantai Kambale, Sunanda Uikey MLA Rajkumar Badole and ZP member Rajesh Chatur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415680", "title": "Like Bofors, coalgate will also be forgotten: Sushilkumar Shinde", "text": "PUNE: Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on Saturday said that the ongoing controversy over the coal block allotment will be \"forgotten\" in the days to come, just like the Bofors and petrol pump distribution scams.\"Such controversies come and go. Earlier, there was the controversy regarding Bofors, but it faded away. No one remembers the petrol pump allotment issue today,\" Shinde said while speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a function in Pune.During the function, one of Shinde's old friends from Solapur, Vilas Patil, recalled their days spent together. \"You (Shinde) remember we used to pick coal with our hands? Those days coal was black in colour. What has happened to coal nowadays?\"Shinde replied in a lighter vain. \"Hands will always turn black if you hold coal. One has to drop it and wash the hands to clean them.\"Shinde brushed aside the possibility of a mid-term general election and said the UPA will complete its full tenure. He defended the hike in diesel price saying the government had no alternative.Asked about the progress in the investigations of August 1 bomb blasts on Jangli Maharaj road, Shinde said, \"The probe is being carried out by the state agencies and not the national agencies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16417524", "title": "South sinks, but it\u2019s dry up north", "text": "KOLKATA: Water, water everywhere in the south.Hardly a drop from the sky in the north . That was how the monsoon mood swung in thecity on Saturday.A two-hour downpour , with over 100mm of rain from Park Circus to Chetla between 12pm and 2pm, sank all of south Kolkata andstretches along the EM Bypass on Saturday , bringing traffic virtually to a standstill and leaving thousands of afternoon commuters stranded . But vast stretches of the north stayed dry , with Dum Dum receiving just 7mm rainfall . In central Kolkata , where chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her Cabinet ministers walked in protest against FDI in retail and diesel price hike from Subodh Mullick Square to Mayo Road ,it rainedonly in short bursts ,keeping the rally on track.The protest did ,however ,contribute to traffic jams in the waterlogged south. At the receiving end of both the rain and Mamata's politics was civil aviation minister Ajit Singh , who had to cancel his press conference and barely managed to reach the airport in time for his flight .The freak weather was a rerun of July 11 \u2014 though with the order reversed \u2014 when the north went under while the south shrugged off a drizzle .President Pranab Mukherjee was stranded for an hour after 1.30pm at IIT-Kharagpur as heavy rain reduced visibility and made the helipad soggy. The IAF scrambled the presidential aircraft to Kalaikunda to bring him back to Kolkata. However, with visibility improving and the helipad being repaired and traffic snarls being reported near Kolkata airport, the President eventually took the chopper back and landed at the Race Course at 4.15pm.Rain may spoil Durga Puja this yearCars were stranded near Jadavpur police station , Jodhpur Park, Dhakuria, Rashbehari crossing and Behala for several excruciating hours after the downpour. When they did move, it was a crawl. The snarls continued into the evening rush hour.\"Nothing seemed to move at Jadavpur police station intersection . The traffic signals were not working and cars travelled at snail's pace. Waterlogged streets added to the woes. Water entered some small cars as they floated in the water. My trip from Garia to Salt Lake took more than three hours,\" said Abiskar Sinha, an executive with an air-ticketing company.According to KMC figures, Chetla received the highest rain at 111mm between noon and 2pm. It was only slightly lower at 103 mm in Jodhpur Park. The lowest recorded rainfall was at Manicktala which received 5mm rain followed by 7mm at Birpara in Dum Dum. The Dhapa Lock Drainage Pumping station on EM Bypass near Chingrighata that recorded 73.8mm rainfall.The Met office said the rain divide was caused by convective clouds over the south. \"Convective clouds are localized and lead to intense showers . Thus, the south received more rainfall than the north,\" said Alipore meteorological office director GC Debnath.Sunday, too, will not be dry. But the clouds that led to heavy showers in the south may shift a little to the north. Debnath said normal monsoon was expected to continue till mid-October , a warning that there could be rains during Pujas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16415549", "title": "Highwaymen rob BMW", "text": "JAIPUR: A BMW car being transported from a company workshop in Gujarat's Bhuj to Lucknow has been robbed by four thieves in Mansarovar police station area. The robbers tied up the driver who had stopped a truck carrying the car at a food joint on Ajmer Road, beat him up and escaped with the truck. They later dumped the truck and took away the car.According to police, the incident took place on September 12. \"The car was being sent to Lucknow for modification. The truck driver stopped the vehicle at a mid-way food joint on Ajmer Road,\" said Mansarovar police station in-charge Rajendra Singh.The officer said as the driver came out of the restaurant, they forced him into the truck and hijacked the vehicle.\"They later dumped the driver and the truck when they came to know that there is a luxury car inside the truck. The car is worth about Rs 30 lakh,\" Singh said.\"The truck driver did not immediately informed the police. We have lodged and FIR and are searching for the robbers on the basis of description given by the truck driver,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16420240", "title": "No genuine Indian will be harassed: Assam CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi has said that no genuine Indian citizen will be harassed in the name of being a foreigner and accused the BJP and the state's main opposition AUDF of trying to divide the society.\"We are not protecting foreigners. But we will not allow anyone to describe any genuine Indian citizen as foreigner. We will not allow harassment of any Indian citizen,\" he said.Gogoi's statement bears significance in view of the growing demands in many parts of Assam for deportation of illegal immigrants living in the state.The chief minister accused the BJP and the AUDF, led by perfume baron Badruddin Ajmal, of trying to divide the society in the name of religion saying both the parties were taking advantage of the recent clashes between the Bodos and Muslim migrants.\"We will not allow them to succeed,\" he said. According to Gogoi, of the five lakh people displaced in the recent clashes, three lakh have returned home and the remaining will also be rehabilitated \"once their identities are established and land records verified\".He said the key reason for the high growth of population among various communities was illiteracy and it has nothing to do with any religion.\"Low literacy is the reason for high birth rate. It is happening everywhere,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16416826", "title": "Weekend showers turn weather pleasant", "text": "KANPUR: With the city receiving 56.5mm rain on Saturday, the total rainfall this fortnight reached the 110mm mark, making it the highest rainfall recorded in the second week of September in the past five years.The meteorological expert at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, CB Singh said the average rain in the month of September in 2011 was 93.6mm. While the average rainfall in 2010 was 204 mm, most of this was received in the third week. In the years 2009, 2008, and 2007, the average rainfall received in the month of September was 162 mm, 63.5 mm and 23.6 mm respectively.The met expert said observation of the wind patterns did not indicate any retreat of the monsoons. \"The monsoons can be said to be departing when a certain length of dry spell is crossed after third week of September. \"Such situation is nowhere in the monsoon calendar till now. People should brace themselves for some more rounds of heavy rains in the days to come,\" said CB Singh.As per the data provided by the met expert, the monsoon observed a departure trend from September 17 last year, while the monsoon departure for the years 2010, 2008 and 2007 was observed on September 18, 21 and 26 respectively. The longest monsoonal period was observed in the year 2009 which departed on October 7.Meanwhile, the second consecutive day of rains made the weekend pleasant and brought relief from heat and humidity for the city's residents. Most people spent the day at home and ventured out to enjoy the weather past 3.30pm when the downpour stopped.The maximum temperature recorded on the day was 29.4 degrees Celsius while the minimum temperature dipped to 22.5 degrees. The humidity recorded for the day was 100% which declined to 97% in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415306", "title": "Gurgaon-Jaipur highway gridlock won\u2019t end soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is little hope of the traffic nightmare for commuters on the Gurgaon-Jaipur highway ending soon. Work on 62 structures, including flyovers at key intersections, is either yet to take off or has been delayed, three years after the expansion work started. Too many diversions and breakdown of heavy and oversized vehicles on this 225-km stretch have increased the total travel time to at least seven-eight hours from four hours when the work started.Complaints from commuters have been pouring in at the NHAI headquarters and highways ministry, but there seems to be little concern or effort on the part of the authorities or the contractor - Pink City Expressway Pvt Ltd (PCEPL) - for improving the condition. Though no government official was willing to comment on record, most of them admitted that the provision of allowing the contractor to collect toll from day one has left him with little reason or incentive to expedite work.And it's not just the contractor. NHAI gets a giant's share of 48% of the total toll collected on this stretch and this increases annually by 1%. \"This doubles the responsibility of NHAI to protect commuters' interest which it is not doing. Why isn't action being initiated against the contractor for poor progress on stretches that are free from all encumbrances?\" asked Mahesh Chandra, a Gurgaon resident. The commuters who are unaware of the traffic and road conditions since they don't travel regularly suffer the most. The highway is on a busy tourist circuit and it also damages the cause of promoting destinations like Jaipur and Delhi when the road infrastructure is so pathetic.DJ Das Gupta, a retired director of Geological Survey of India, recently spent almost 12 hours in covering the stretch taking several detours. \"A few of my friends have missed flights because of the terrible traffic jams. NHAI has made no effort to even inform commuters about the traffic situation ahead by either making public announcements or notifying them. If they at least do this, commuters can plan their journey or change their route,\" he added.Das Gupta also pointed out the truck menace spilling all over the road was not being checked by either the highway patrol or the local police. NHAI officials admitted that the unregulated movement of trucks was a major problem and often took a toll when a single multi-axle vehicle broke down, leading to a diversion.\"Because of the diversions, travel time has increased by 50% and a breakdown of heavy vehicle can cause traffic jams for hours. We have directed the contractor to deploy more cranes and station them close to major junctions,\" a senior NHAI official said.Poor maintenance of the entire stretch during monsoon has also made the journey bumpier in recent months. NHAI - which should have acted promptly to address these concerns on its own - acted only after several complaints reached its headquarters. \"Since the contractor has failed to maintain the road, we have decided to invite bids independently to improve the stretch. The amount spent on this will be billed to the developer and another 20% fine imposed on it. There is a provision for this in the contract agreement,\" a senior NHAI official said.Sources said the Authority's vigilance wing is also looking into the delay in execution of the project. There has been only 70% progress in the expansion work, which was earlier scheduled to be completed by October.Meanwhile, a section of commuters and transporters is pushing for suspension of toll on the stretch till expansion work is completed. Encouraged by the recent Punjab and Haryana high court order which suspended tolling on Gurgaon Expressway since the contractor there failed to ease traffic jams, IRTFT - a transport advocacy group - has demanded that the highways ministry should stop tolling on this stretch.(With inputs from Sanjay Yadav in Gurgaon)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419423", "title": "MJ lands 9th in worst celebrity music video", "text": "sSid Owen came in second with 'Good Thing Going' where he seems to gatecrash some people's holiday, the Mirror reported.Others to make it the list were Michael Jackson and Eddie Murphy for 'What's Up With You', Tyra Banks for 'Shake Ya Body' and Paris Hilton for 'Stars Are Blind.The top 10 worst celebrity videos are:Heidi Montag - HigherSid Owen - Good Thing GoingTara Palmer Tomkinson - Five SecondsShane Ritchie - I'm Your ManParis Hilton - Stars Are BlindTyra Banks - Shake Ya BodyRicky Gervais (Serano Dancers) - More to LoseAlyssa Milan - Look Into My HeartEddie Murphy and Michael Jackson -Keanu Reeves (Dogstar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16415856", "title": "CCTVs lose connectivity, trip Pune's intelligent traffic system", "text": "PUNE: The Intelligent Traffic System (ITS), which has 120 closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras positioned all over the city, is beset with connectivity issues as a result of which the central control room at Swargate is able to monitor the footage of only five of the cameras.Of the 120 CCTV cameras, 70 are for critical public place surveillance, while the remaining are for red-light violation detection system as well as for area traffic control mechanism at various signalised junctions. The footage in the form of video clippings and pictures is used as proof of traffic offences. Incidentally, in the first three months, when the ITS was used to monitor traffic, over 2.5 lakh traffic violations had been caught on camera.The ITS was installed by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) at a cost of over Rs 15 crore. It was supposed to be made operational before the Commonwealth Youth Games in October 2008. However, the project was delayed and was completed only in June 2009. Since then, the project has remained largely unutilised.While the PMC's traffic department wants a private agency to be appointed for monitoring and controlling the ITS, the civic standing committee has not been able to take any decision on the issue. The private agency along with the traffic police are supposed to issue challans for traffic violations captured on camera through ITS.In February 2010, the proposal to appoint a private agency for monitoring and controlling ITS with the help of traffic police was rejected by the standing committee since the members felt it was not the responsibility of PMC to impose fines on traffic violators. It was only last year that the elected office-bearers felt that the ITS can be put to use effectively for ensuring traffic discipline. However, since the last one and half years, the PMC has not been able to take a final decision on appointing an agency for monitoring the ITS.Even as the PMC fails to take a stand on the ITS, the civic body, since the last few months, has been facing the problem of maintaining connectivity between the CCTV cameras and the central monitoring and control station at Swargate. A private company, which was contracted by the PMC to maintain the connectivity, was at loggerheads with the civic body over some financial issues. As a result, connectivity of all the CCTV cameras with the central monitoring station was snapped for six months since March, this year. It was only in mid-August that the PMC could restore the connections, but only slightly. At present, footage of only five CCTV cameras can be monitored at the central control room at Swargate. When contacted, PMC officials said they are sorting out the problem.A section of experts feel that the PMC and the police department can work together to use the ITS effectively during the Ganesh festival for public place surveillance as well as for monitoring traffic situation. However, the connectivity issues need to be addressed first, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16417003", "title": "SmartCity, a case of shattered dreams", "text": "KOCHI: Like any youngster of his generation, Siddique of Edachira also cherished a 'Gulf dream'. His wish came true in 2004 when he flew to Kuwait but had to return after two years because of low salary. He joined a hotel group in Kuwait later and by the time he repaid the money he had borrowed for making the trip, he fell ill and had to return home.He was running from pillar to post to arrange money for a heart surgery when the government notified the acquisition of his five cents of land and house, his only belongings, for SmartCity project. \"With the help of actor Mukesh and my friends, I managed to undergo the surgery. The government took over my land in 2007. It was kind enough to give us equivalent land and money for constructing a new house,'' Siddique says. ''The government declaration of job for one member each from the project-hit families rekindled my hopes.\"As the project got entangled in controversies, ill-fate continued to haunt Siddique. His wife was diagnosed with renal failure. '' She had to undergo kidney transplantation. Financially shattered, I had to borrow money, and people eked out more than Rs 10 lakh for the transplantation. It will take me an entire lifetime to repay it. Since I cannot do any hard work, I assist my brother in running a wayside eatery. If the project had come up in time, I wouldn't have to borrow much money,\" he said.Siddique is the sole breadwinner of his family, comprising his mother, wife, two children and mother-in-law.Most evictees have a similar tale to share. Pareeth of Puthukkara house in Edachira and his three brothers had two acres. \"The government gave four of us six cents each. They offered us around Rs 1.5 crore as compensation at Rs 79,000 a cent. Another five cents each was given to us at the rate they offered for our land. Overall, we got 44 cents. While we got Rs 1.5 crore for the remaining 166 cents, we should have got around Rs 8 crore as per the market value,\" Pareeth said.Beeran of Puthukkara house, Edachira, also had to surrender two acres for the project. ''It is for the larger interests of the state that we had to hand over our land at throwaway prices. They offered us jobs. They are yet to set up the project even six years after taking over the land,'' says Khadar, son of Beeran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16416551", "title": "Tennis fans cheer India to victory", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In less than eight hours, spectators at Chandigarh Lawn Tennis Association (CLTA) enjoyed both rainy and sunny weather on Saturday. Though, most of the stands wore a deserted look at the CLTA stadium in Sector 10, but that didn't dampen the spirit of other serious supporters who were present at the stadium. Present at CLTA from different walks of life and age groups, the enthusiastic supporters were seen cheering the Indian players in the ongoing Davis Cup tournament. Some youngsters were seen wearing tricolour caps and t-shirts, while raising slogans in support of Indian players. Being a weekend, most spectators reached CLTA on Saturday as compared to Friday. \"It was a treat to see Vishnu Vardhan register a comfortable win over Kiwi's Jose Statham in the Davis Cup match. We want India to win the whole series in both singles and doubles. I had taken a holiday from college to see the match and it was worth it,\" Ramandeep Sekhon, 18, a college student and resident of Sector 20, told TOI. Tahira Nikhanj, another college student, said, \"I was disappointed in the morning as the match started late due to heavy showers. Initially, there were apprehensions that whole day's play would be washed-off but luckily soon the bright sun emerged and we enjoyed the matches in a pleasant weather. I am thrilled that I got to see live action of Davis Cup in my own city after a hiatus of nearly 19 years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16416999", "title": "Haj pilgrims in for double trouble", "text": "GAYA: The somewhat strange decision of the Haj Committee directing the pilgrims to report at Patna, not Gaya, the embarkation point has put the nearly 7,000 Mecca-bound pilgrims in a fix and it is going to be double trouble for the pilgrims, majority of them being on the wrong side of age and health.Unlike the previous two years (2003 and 2004) when the pilgrims took off from the Gaya international airport, the pilgrims will have to get work done at two different points. While the travel documents, identification badges, air ticket, boarding pass and other items will be provided to them at Patna (even the pilgrims from Gaya will have to collect the items from Patna), immigration and security check will be held at Gaya.Failure of the contractor to maintain the work schedule for the creation of temporary infrastructure including 12,000 sq ft waterproof pandal, temporary toilets, prayer space, cloth changing space and other provisions made the situation somewhat chaotic at the Gaya airport barely 48 hours of the scheduled first flight taking off directly from Gaya airport for Jeddah ( Saudi Arabia ).Apparent lack of co-ordination between different agencies including the Airports Authority of India (AAI), government officials, the Haj Committee and the nearly 200 volunteers including private medical professionals has further complicated issues and perceived communication gap between senior officials at Patna and those in the field is also likely to add to the miseries of pilgrims.When asked about the justification of the reporting point located at Patna Haj Bhawan, 120 km from the embarkation point, state Haj Committee chairman Anisur Rahman Qasmi said the decision to separate reporting point from the embarkation point was taken by the Central Haj Committee.Moreover, Gaya lacks the necessary infrastructure to accommodate pilgrims for two nights while Patna Haj Bhawan has got enough space for the purpose, said Qasmi. The Haj Committee chairman clarified that the Gaya pilgrims need not personally go to Patna to collect the travel kit. The pilgrims from Gaya can get the documents collected through their authorised representatives and report directly at the Gaya international airport about three hours before the departure time. Two flights will leave Gaya daily from September 17 to fly the pilgrims from the state.Naushad Ahmad, senior deputy collector and nodal officer of the pilgrimage, said on Saturday afternoon that one more contractor has been engaged to supplement the work being done in the outer area of the Gaya international airport. Now everything will be in place within the deadline, said the nodal officer after reviewing the airport work.Earlier, on Friday evening a meeting was held at the White House compound residence of orthopaedic surgeon, Farasat Hussain, to review the arrangements and identify the shortcomings. Former MLA Nehal Ahmad presided over the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16415235", "title": "Abu Azmi says state government is impotent", "text": "NAGPUR: Samajwadi Party in-charge of Maharashtra and MLA from Mumbai Abu Azmi has termed the Congress-led government in the state as impotent. \"The government watches helplessly as Raj Thackeray and Bal Thackeray are virtually trying to control life in Mumbai with their antinational diktats of who should live and work in Mumbai. Or who can enter or play in India,\" said Azmi.The firebrand leader, speaking to reporters at a 'Meet the Press' programme here on Saturday said his party was supporting the Congress at the Centre and the state considering it as a 'lesser evil' as compared to communal outfits like the BJP. SP was fully aware of how in the state, the Congress as well as the NCP were deliberately helping and even 'funding' Raj Thackeray so as to counter the SP.\"The ruling parties are adopting a divide and rule policy. That is why they are silent when Thackerays call people of Bihar and UP working in Mumbai as infiltrators. Every Indian from any state is free to work and live in Mumbai. The Congress-led government should take strong action against Thackerays for weakening Mumbai which is the economic capital of the country,\" said AzmiHe said the SP is not deterred by the Congress-NCP's double game. \"My leader Mulayam Singh is a national leader and we have plans to expand in a big way in this state. Besides Maharashtra we have identified four other states - MP, Jharkhand , Bihar and Uttarakhand. We will increase our presence in these states. The strategy is to get enough MPs and MLAs elected in 2014 so that no government will be possible in the state and the Centre without the SP support,\" said Azmi.About the emergence of third front in 2014, he said that was the need of the country as the Congress was caught in scams and the BJP was a rabid communal party. \"Both these main national parties are fast losing public support. With no hope from these two, people are looking forward to a better alternative and after the 2014 elections, a post-poll third front looks a distinct possibility,\" said Azmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16415768", "title": "Drug trials: Chargesheet filed against five doctors", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh government has finally chargesheeted five doctors of a mental hospital associated with the Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGMC) in Indore.The doctors Ramgulam Razdan, V S Pal, Pali Rastogi, Abhay Paliwal and Ujwal Sardesai have reportedly been found guilty of flouting clinical trial norms laid down under the Drugs and Cosmetic Act.The doctors under question are being accused of conducting clinical trials on a vulnerable group of mentally-ill patients. The principal secretary, medical education Ajay Tirkey has handed over a 50-page charge sheet to all the doctors who were involved in the drug trials on 'mentally-ill' patients.Sources, said the charge sheet is based on revelations that the doctors conducted trials on a vulnerable group at their private clinics, some of which were not even registered with the health department under Nursing Home Act.State government has already issued charge sheets to the seven other doctors whose names had surfaced in murky trials conducted on poor people of the state.TOI had published a news report in December 2011 about the doctors who had conducted trials on 233 mentally ill patients to check the efficacy of various drugs. These trials were conducted between January 2008 and October 2010. The doctors along with the state government had then played down the report claiming that there was no wrongdoing. The state government had let off the doctors with a paltry fine of Rs 5,000. It is now that the state government has realized that all was not well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "16415967", "title": "Woman passes dead lover as hubby", "text": "NADIA: Police have arrested a woman for cremating her lover, impersonating the deceased as her husband. Accused Anima Chakraborty has been the accused, was remanded in police custody for five daysafter she was produced in Ranaghat court on Friday.It is learnt that Anima, who is married to Subhas Biswas , a resident of Fulia's Dhakuria under Shantipur police station, and has a son named Sudipta, had an affair with Sanjit Biswas. She used to work as a cook and stay alone in Gariahat. A probe revealed that Anima had an extra-marital affair with Sanjit Biswas. , a poultry farm owner from Pareshnathpur. Sanjit used to stay with Anima often at her Gariahat home, where neighbours mistook Sanjit as the woman's husband.According to Sanjit's wife Mita, her husband had left home on July 13 but did not return till July 15. A missing diary was lodged on July 15. But even after a month's probe, cops failed to trace Sanjit. Meanwhile, his son Subhojit came to know about his father's affair with Anima. On August 17, he lodged a kidnapping case against her.Probing the case, police reached Anima's house in Gariahat and after a prolonged interrogation, they came to know that Sanjit had died on July 15 and was cremated at Keoratala burning ghat on July 15. However, records showed that one Subhas Biswas , which happens to be the name of Anima's husband, was cremated. Anima conceded that she passed Sanjit as her husband Subhas to get a death certificate. tnnhas told police that after the death of Sanjit, she called her son Sudipta at her Gariahat home and convinced him to perform the last rites to avoid suspicion. She also persuaded her son to identify the deceased as his father, Subhas.According to cops, Sudipta agreed to perform the rites to save his mother from arrest. The duo then managed to issue a death certificate bearing Subhas's name and cremated Sanjit at Keoratala on July 15. Anima was finally arrested on Thursday. However, the cause of Sanjit's death was still not clear. Cops are probing all the possibilities.During interrogation, Subhas appeared before the cops to prove the death certificate issued on his name was a fake one and a handiwork of his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16411370", "title": "Review: Samsung Galaxy Beam", "text": "NEW DELHI: A smartphone's screen is way too small when you want to share a video or photo with friends. That's why fitting a pico projector into a phone has been tried so many times with varying degrees of success. The problem is that doing this considerably increases bulk and noticeably decreases battery life.Plus, all the projector phones available so far have been feature phones \u2014 not based on a smartphone operating system. The LED-based projection system has so far been more of a gimmick rather than a usable feature. The Galaxy Beam is different though. It is India's first smartphone with built in projector.Right at the outset, we think that the Beam is a good attempt at keeping things simple, attractive and making it perfectly usable as a day-to-day phone. That the projection quality is impressive is just icing on the cake. Look at it from the side and you won't be able to tell that there's a projector in there. The projector lens is on top of the phone, covered by a glass panel (but there is no lens cap). It has a total brightness of 15 lumens and a resolution of 640 x 360 pixels.These numbers may not seem that impressive, but you need to consider that we're talking about a phone that weighs just 145 grams and is just 12.5mm thick. Under the right conditions (with low ambient lighting and with a flat white surface ), the phone can project an image up to 50-inchs in size (diagonal size).Interestingly, the projector can also double up as a flashlight \u2014 one that projects a perfectly rectangular lightbeam and in your choice of colour. To start the projector up, you need to press the dedicated button on the side of the phone. It starts up almost immediately and you can proceed to adjust the various settings, starting with the focus and orientation (landscape or portrait). A nice bedside stand is included in the box, which also serves as a charger for an additional battery.The battery life when using it as a phone is roughly a day or two. Running it solely as a projector, you should get about three and a half hours of use. Two of our main complaints with the Beam are that it does not come with a stand, tripod or mount of any kind for projector use.You'll have to figure out a way to prop it up to get the ideal height and angle to display on a wall. And secondly, the loudspeaker is far too feeble to be of any use when you're using it as a projector. To use it with multimedia, you will necessarily need some sort of external powered speaker system (either a wired or Blueooth speaker will do).It boils down to this \u2014 as a phone, you're not getting the best spec there is \u2014 but it is the best projector phone out there. If you prefer to keep things separate, you could get a standalone projector like 3M's MP180 ( 29,990) which can project videos or photos from internal memory or micro SD card and a separate Android smartphone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16416774", "title": "Idolizing mom, worshipping web", "text": "A six-city survey conducted by market research agency Ipsos exclusively for Sunday Times provides an insightful peep into the mind of the 'millennial' teen. The survey covered almost 500 respondents in the age group of 8-13 years across Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Bangalore, Chennai and Kochi, probing them on issues ranging from their role models, career choices, the influence of internet and mobile phones in their lives to the kind of games they play, clothes they wear and how they see their relationship with their parents.The results paint the picture of a generation that knows its mind, considers technology as its birthright and is relaxed in its relationship with its parents as well as friends. Parents, in fact, are role models for majority of kids. Mothers have an edge over fathers, with 37% preferring them over dads, who are the inspiration for 32%.In career choices, though, most of those polled preferred conventional options like medicine (27%) and engineering (23%) although other careers like singer, actor, model and designer also get a thumbs up, especially in cities like Kolkata where 5% want to be the next singing sensation, and Bangalore where 6% would want to take up a sporting career.For a generation that's literally grown along with the internet, the world wide web, not surprisingly, wields a big influence . Almost 50% of the kids claimed they became aware of the net when they were 4-7 years old. In Delhi, a whopping 76% were net-savvy at this age while in Bangalore, India's Silicon Valley, the number was 58%. Interestingly, girls (57%) of this age group took more to the web than boys (44%).Most kids polled said they were on the net for 1-3 hours daily, primarily for playing games (60%), watching videos (52%), searching for information for school work (42%) and checking Facebook (34%). Even though Facebook is out of bounds for below-13 s, 71% of kids in Delhi and 68% in Mumbai admitted they had faked their age to open an account on the site.For most kids, surfing the net topped the list of activities they do in their free time. In Delhi \u2014 where 100% of the kids polled said they were using the internet \u2014 86% are on the web when they are free while 14% like to watch TV. Only 12% said they preferred reading in their spare time.A big eye-opener is the age at which kids became aware of the mobile. 65% of the kids said they were conversant with the mobile when they were 4-7 years old. In Delhi, the awareness was 100% at this age while in Kochi, majority said they came to know about cellphones when they were 8-11 years old. Delhi again leads the pack of kids who got their own cell when they were 12-13 years old (93%) while Bangalore follows with 40%. Sending SMSes to friends is the coolest thing tweens find about mobiles. 83% of those polled said texting was their favourite activity with more girls (94%) than boys (64%) preferring it.Interestingly, 28% of the kids thought that their parents' generation connected with each other through postcards and telegrams. Just 16% were aware about the concept of trunk calls while pagers were a virtually unknown entity for most of them.Spending patterns emerge as another intriguing area. Most of the kids polled said that they usually spend their pocket money on buying chocolates (74%) and food and drinks (55%). A substantial 56% of the tweens said they were trying to save their pocket money, which ranged from Rs 100 to Rs 200 per week in most of the cities, and 46% were buying new clothes \u2014 usually branded \u2014 from malls every month. A city-wise segregation shows that kids in each city visit malls for different reasons. Mumbai, Kolkata, Bangalore and Kochi children like to shop there; in Chennai, the motivating factor is watching a movie while Delhi tweens go there for eating options. Not surprisingly, awareness about exotic cuisines is highest in Delhi. All the respondents in the capital said they were aware of cuisines like Tex-mex while 86% had tried out Japanese food.Watching TV \u2014 a bone of contention for most parents \u2014 is nevertheless, a preferred activity for tweens. A whopping 70% said that they spend 1-3 hours daily watching their favourite shows across genres like songs, movies and cartoons. Meanwhile, 78% voted for gaming as another fun activity which took up 1-3 hours of their time every day. In contrast, only 38% said they play a sport every day with Kolkata being the most sporty city (59%). Cricket emerges as the favourite sport across cities although majority of the respondents (55%) said they don't want to take it up as a career.In terms of relationships, this is a generation that likes to spend time with friends. 52% of the respondents said they spend upto 3 hrs daily with their chums, excluding the time spent at school. The catch, though, is that most of this time is spent in interactions with them on Facebook , mobile and chatting. However, when it comes to solving a problem or discussing an issue, 62% say they would rather go to their parents, who are seen by a large majority as a friend (42%) rather than someone elder to them (34%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16415778", "title": "Woman killed as mini bus hits motorbike", "text": "INDORE: A woman was killed and her two children sustained serious injuries when a mini bus hit them at Sanwer here on Saturday. The deceased has been identified as Renu Meena while her son Jeevan and daughter Rukmanibai were seriously injured.Renu in her 40s, wife of Rajesh Meena was going along with her son and daughter on a motorcycle when they were hit from behind by the mini bus at at Kajarana Road. Rukmanibai lives in Ujjain after her marriage while Renu and her son lived in Dewas.The impact of collision was so powerful that the three were thrown away while the mini bus overturned, said police. The injured were admitted in local hospital from where they were referred to MY Hospital. The deceased body was sent to district hospital for post-mortem.According to police, the driver of the mini bus managed to escape leaving the vehicle on the spot and the police are searching him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16416625", "title": "Protests in Madurai against film on Islam", "text": "MADURAI: A large number of Muslim men and women owing allegiance to the Tamil Nadu Towheed Jamaath staged a protest near the head post office in Madurai on Saturday condemning the US filmmaker for an anti-Islam film.The protesters led by Jamaath president Sahul Hameed and secretary Mohamed Ali also condemned the US government for permitting the film. Alleging that the film was a deliberate attempt at denigrating Prophet Mohamed, the protesters demanded a global ban on the film. Stating that the film had deeply hurt Muslims across the world, they also insisted that websites that host the film be blocked.Similar protests were organised by the Jamaath in Ramanathapuram. TNTJ has planned for more protests in various other places in southern districts in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16415480", "title": "Fix power disruption in time or pay compensation: MPERC", "text": "BHOPAL: In a consumer-friendly move, Madhya Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (MPERC) is going to make three power distribution companies (discoms) accountable with a compensation for failing to redress consumers' complaints about power supply disruption in a stipulated time.The MPERC has prepared a draft tagged \"guaranteed standard of performance and level of compensation payable to consumers on default,\" for improving services in power sector having more than 1 crore customers across the state.According to the draft, if a consumer registers a complaint regarding power disruption in his place with the discom and the latter fails to address it in 4 hour, the company has to pay Rs 100 as fine per day in the city and town areas. Similarly, the discom would be liable to pay Rs 100 if it fails to address the complaint of a rural consumer in 24 hours.In case of power distribution transformer failure, the city &amp; town consumer's complaint is to be sorted out in 24-hour, otherwise the discom would be liable to pay Rs 100 for each day. Likewise, the discom would have to pay Rs 100 per day if it fails to redress rural consumers' related to transformer failure in 72 hours.The discom would be liable to Rs 100 per day if it fails to redress a consumer's complaint within 7 days regarding electricity meters in urban area. Similarly, the rural consumer would be entitled to Rs 100 compensation each day if complaint regarding meter isn't redressed in 30 days.Likewise, an urban consumer would get Rs 100 for each day, if his complaint regarding electricity bill isn't redress for 5 days. Similarly, a rural consumer would get Rs 100 daily if his bill complaint isn't sorted out in 10 days.MPERC (licence and regulation) director R K Gupta said the commission has fixed September 29 as the date for hearing objections to the draft. If consumers want to enhance the compensation, they are free to approach the commission's public hearing to put forth their point.For compensation, a consumer would have to make his representation with documentary evidence to the authority concerned, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16415192", "title": "Ozone day programmes at activist's treehouse today", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The treehouse on the forest fringes where Greenpeace activist Brikesh Singh is residing for a month as a mark of protest, will be a centre of activities on Sunday, World Ozone Day. Local NGO Green Planet Society along with the Greenpeace activist have organized various programmes for the students to mark the day.Organiser Sachin Wazalwar said that greenhouse gases and rising temperatures are eating away the ozone layer in the atmosphere. Hence, ozone day is celebrated across the globe to create awareness about degrading environment every year. \"Brikesh Singh too has started his unique protest by occupying a tree to save forest and environment. Hence, we have decided to support his protest and create awareness about threat of environment by organizing the programme at Singh's treehouse,\" he said.NGOs have organized elocution competition for the students on topics related to environment. Similarly, a huge canvas will be arranged at the spot, on which students would be able to express their feeling over environment problem through writing slogans, poem or drawing a picture. Interested students can reach Brikesh Singh's agitation venue, by approaching Padmapur forest check post and inquiring about the further route there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "16415740", "title": "Reader suspended for refusing warden job", "text": "UJJAIN: The Vikram University, Ujjain has suspended a reader of the Microbiology department for 'misconduct' on Friday after he refused to take charge of the boys hostel.Registrar Bherulal Boonkar told TOI, \"The university had ordered Sudhir Kumar Jain, reader to join as a warden of Kalidas Boys Hostel on Sept 3. He refused to take charge following which he was placed under suspension and attached to the Sanskrit department.\"When contacted, Jain said that the registrar had asked him to take charge as warden of Kalidas Boys Hostel. \"But I refused to take charge as my father was ill and I thought that I will not be able to do justice to the job, due to which they suspended me,\" said he.He alleged that the registrar and vice-chancellor V C Thapak were forcing him to withdraw a petition filed by him in the high court against the university on irregular promotion and appointment of one Prof Alka Vyas in his place. \"My suspension too is inspired by it,\" he added.Meanwhile, the president of University Teachers Association Umesh Kumar Singh and other members passed a resolution in the meeting condemning the suspension of the faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16419303", "title": "Ayushmann triggers off a war between Sippy and Bhushan", "text": "Unwittingly, Ayushmann Khurrana's decision to sing and compose at least one song in all his starrers has triggered off a conflict of interest between the producer Bhushan Kumar and the director Rohan Sippy of Nautanki Saala.The bone of contention is the new-age sound that Rohan wants to create through the voices of Ayushmann and other young singers, and the more conventional film songs that Bhushan Kumar's company has been patenting since the 1990s.Says our source, \"When Ayushmann offered to sing and compose a track for Nautanki Saala Rohan jumped at it. It was just the kind of new eclectic sound that the director has dug since he made Pocketmaar . Bhushan on the other hand is a bit of traditionalist. He has convinced Rohan to include a remix of the old T Series chartbuster Dhak dhak in Nautanki Saala. Bhushan is all for a new sound in films. But he believes that the film sound can only be taken this far on the route to informality.\"When contacted Bhushan Kumar admitted there were differences of opinion, though nothing major. \"Rohan Sippy respects my ideas in music and I respect his ideas. Where we disagree is that Rohan tends to tilt towards a Western sound. That's when I've to step in to remind him that Western sounds work in Hindi films only to a point. Indian melodies have to be balanced with Western sounds.We're going to have 7-8 songs in Nautanki Saala.\"Bhushan further states, \"Ayushmann Khurrana didn't put down a condition that we have to use his song. Secondly it was made clear to Rohan Sippy from day 1 that I'd be involved in the music. He agreed that I had a great music sense and agreed to let me be an active part of the musical process. We at T Series are the producers of Nautanki Saala. I am not a sleeper producer. I take active interest in every aspect of a film specially the music since we have a tradition of producing and marketing music. I give full freedom to my directors to do what they wish, except the music where even Salman and Shah Rukh Khan trusts our judgement. Even Ekta Kapoor has confidence in my music sense. We're working closely on the sound of Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai 2. Salman bhai takes me into confidence for each one of his songs. Keeping my track record regarding music in mind, no director objects to inputs on the music from me and my team which includes 3-4 trusted music-minded people. When we feel a song is not working we drop it. It's as simple as that.\"Bhushan further explains, \"There is nothing like my personal tastes coming into play. I understand the music market. Ever genre of film music is okay by me as long as the songs are likeable. It took me two years to recreate the Dhak dhak song from Beta that was a big hit for Madhuri Dixit during my father (Gulshan Kumar)'s time. I finally got the right remix/recreation from a musician called Mikey. Wouldn't you say that is a good example of my ability to bring traditional film sounds forward to contemporary times? Grant me a sound judgement for songs. I told Rohan Sipyy that I'd only allow him to use Dhak dhak when I am satisfied with the final remix. In my film, it isn't an item song. It's sung by the entire cast. So we've turned around the item song to a youth anthem. Would you say I lack a knowledge of what works?\"The dispute between Rohan Sippy and Bhushan Kumar leaves us with one question. Would Ayushmann's insistence on singing for his films eventuate in further such clash of interests in future?Ayushmann confirms that he will sing in all his films. \"Maybe I'll even compose a song in my starrers. But I'll sing one track for sure. In Nautanki Saala, I've again composed and sung a Punjabi track. I composed and sang Paani da rang in Punjabi for my guru Shoojit Sircar's Vickey Donor , and it proved lucky for me.\"Ayushmann is now getting ready to assist Shoojit for a brief stint in Jaffna. \"I'm definitely taking time off to do this. I was completely misquoted in an article where I was heard saying I don't have the time to assist Soojit-da in Jaffna . This is something I have to do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16415483", "title": "Former RSS chief Sudarshan passes away'", "text": "RAIPUR: Former Rashtriya Swayemsewak Sangh (RSS) Sarsanghchalak, KS Sudarshan (81), died here at about 6.30 am after suffering a heart attack. He will be cremated at Nagpur, the RSS headquarters, on Sunday afternoon at 3 pm.Sudarshan, who led the right wing Hindu organization from 2000-2009, had arrived in the city on Thursday from Jabalpur and was staying at the local RSS office, Jagriti Mandal, Pandri. According local RSS workers, the former sarsanghchalak had come here to release the book of Chhattisgarh Rajya Sabha MP, Gopal Vyas. The book release function was held last evening.An RSS worker who was present at Jagriti Bhawan this morning said Sudharshan apparently suffered a \"heart attack\" early morning and died within few minutes.\"He complained of chest pain at about 6 am and we immediately called a cardiologist. However, the doctor, who came at about 6.30 am, pronounced him dead\", he said. Sudarshan was a heart patient who had undergone a bypass surgery a decade ago.The RSS chief was slated to leave for Nagpur on Sunday morning. RSS sources said that his body will be kept at the RSS headquarters for people to pay their last respects.Though Sudarshan had been staying with his family in Mysore for quite some time, he was born in this very city on June 18, 1931 in a Sanketi Brahmin family. He did his Bachelor of Engineering in Telecommunications (honours) from govt engineering college, Jabalpur.He joined the RSS Shakha at a young age of nine years and became a pracharak in 1954. He went on to become the prant pracharak of Madhya Bharat in 1964. He also the headed the RSS think tank, Boudhik Cell, and in 1990 he became the joint general secretary of the organisation and a decade later he became the Sarsanghchalak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16416197", "title": "Government has been ignoring basic needs: Congress", "text": "The Congress has hit out at the chief minister's Swami Vivekanand Yatra claiming that issues of the common man have been ignored for long in the state. The party's spokesperson Manish Doshi claimed that in nearly 20 major surveys, one lakh issues pending with gram sabhas across Gujarat have not been addressed till date. \"The basic necessities of the people have been ignored in the state for long. When the Congress promised affordable houses to the poor and middle income group or free plots to the rural poor, it suddenly struck the BJP that the basic necessities like health education, food and housing have taken a backseat,\" said Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16417358", "title": "Court refuses to cancel Virbhadra's bail", "text": "SHIMLA: Special judge B L Soni on Saturday dismissed an application filed by the prosecution seeking the cancellation of bail granted to former Union minister Virbhadra Singh in a corruption case.During the last hearing on September 12, the court had reserved the order for September 15. The prosecution, while seeking the cancellation of bail granted to Virbhadra, had pleaded that an attempt had been made to induce as well as threaten prosecution witnesses in the case.With the filing of charges in October, 2010, the court had granted conditional bail to the accused who then was a Cabinet minister in the Manmohan Singh government.Virbhadra and his wife Pratibha were accused of having accepted illegal gratifications for establishment of a cement plant and to grant more time than permitted to a liquor company for adding an effluent treatment plant to its Solan distillery in 1989-90.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16416793", "title": "VB raids at houses of former DSP, associate", "text": "LUDHIANA: Vigilance bureau raided the house of its former deputy superintendent of police (DSP), economic offences wing, Gurcharan Singh on Saturday. The team was led by joint director of internal vigilance cell and special unit, VB, Punjab, Harsh Bansal. The former DSP was booked by the department for accepting a bribe of Rs 25 lakh in the embezzlement case of motor vehicle inspector Rakesh Kumar Gupta. Along with Gurcharan's house in Rajguru Nagar on Ferozepur Road, the vigilance team also raided his associate Buddh Singh's residence in E-block of BRS Nagar on Saturday evening. The team first found Buddh Singh's house locked and headed to Gurcharan's, leaving a few cops on guard. The team raided Gurcharan's house in the presence of his wife, sister and other relatives and recovered some documents, but no substantial cash, said investigating officer DSP Balwinder Singh. The seized documents would be verified, he added. After waiting for the raid at Gurcharan's house to finish, the cops broke open Buddh Singh's house and found that carpenters had been working there before it was locked. Balwinder said they recovered some documents from Buddh's house as well. Sources in the VB said there was suspicion about Buddh Singh having fled the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16421211", "title": "Lara dedicates Hall of Fame honour to late father, siblings", "text": "COLOMBO: West Indies batting great, Brian Lara , after being inducted into the ICC's Hall of Fame, dedicated the honour to his late father Bunty and siblings -- brother Winston and sister Agnes -- and said they all played important roles in his development as a cricketer.\"This person you see today before you accepting this Hall of Fame honour is someone he (Bunty) moulded. He ensured that I had everything I needed to succeed as a cricketer and in life, even in trying times,\" said Lara of his father, who died before his son played a Test.\"He made a special effort to make sure everything was there. I had to work hard ... but I knew I had strong support. My biggest pain was that he did not see me play a Test match, but having the West Indies team in Trinidad at his funeral was a special tribute to the man who made sure I was given the tools to play this glorious game and make such a lasting contribution,\" said Lara while accepting the award last evening during the function at the Water's Edge Resort.The 43-year-old Lara is a living legend in international cricket with 11,953 runs from 131 Tests and another 10,405 from 299 one-dayers.Lara holds several records, including the one for the highest individual score in first-class cricket, with 501 not out for Warwickshire against Durham at Edgbaston in 1994, which is the only quintuple hundred in first-class cricket history.Lara also holds the record for the highest individual score in a Test innings (400 not out against England at Antigua in 2004). He is the only batsman to have scored a hundred, a double century, a triple century, a quadruple century and a quintuple century.\"Tonight, I had my brother and my sister here with me. Agnes is the one who took me to my first coaching clinic when I was six, and Winston was a role model as a stylish right-handed batsman ... so to have them here is very special,\" he said.Lara said he was happy to have spent 17 years in the West Indies and was able to contribute in a way worthy of this honour.\"As a boy, you never really thought of Hall of Fames, you never really thought of records. Growing up in the '70s my heroes were Clive Lloyd , Viv Richards and Roy Fredericks as a left-hand batsman. It is nice to share it with my family,\" he said.Lara said his most memorable series was the four home Tests against Australia in 1999, when he scored 213 in Jamaica and 153 in Barbados to help West Indies draw the rubber 2-2.\"The 213 against Australia in Jamaica is definitely my best innings. Going into that match, landing in Jamaica and knowing that everything was on the line - your captaincy, the series, respect and adoration by your fans. The mental strength I mustered during that week was something when I looked back, it was hard to measure anything against that.\"The performance was something I cherish and the fact that we won the match to level the series, after we were bowled out for 51 the week before in Trinidad, felt great. I thought the way I handled it was special. It is something I will never ever forget ... it's a day's cricket I will be talking about for a very long time.\"The 153 in Barbados the following week was rated higher by Wisden and the cricketing gurus but the double century in Jamaica was my best effort,\" he said.With the inclusion of Lara in the list, West Indies now have 17 cricketers in the Hall of Fame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16416639", "title": "Man arrested for illegal manufacture of crackers", "text": "MADURAI: A man who was manufacturing firecrackers illegally in Chinnalapatti was arrested and raw materials were seized from him on Saturday.People in the 18th ward of the Chinnalapatti town panchayat in Dindigul district are known for the firecrackers that they make at home as a cottage industry and are much sought after during festivals and marriages. But whenever fire accidents occurred in the fireworks industry in Sivakasi, residents of Chinnalapatti protested, to no avail.However, the recent incident in Sivakasi caused a lot of panic among the locals who decided to approach the tehsildar Viswanathan, instead of their local police and sought that he look into this problem. Following their complaint, the tahsildar, revenue inspector Krishnamoorthy and VAO Karian, inspected the houses in the area and found that V Palanichamy (58) of Vengaianaicker street was manufacturing firecrackers illegally and also stocked some of his manufactured products in his house.About 10 kilograms of raw material, including the black powder containing potassium nitrate and other inflammable substances like potassium chlorate, were seized from the premises. Some manufactured crackers were also seized.People from Vadakutheru said that manufacture of illegal crackers would begin in full-swing with Diwali round the corner. \"We have been complaining for the last 10 years but the police do not act on time. Such inspections by revenue officials should be a frequent in order to prevent any disaster from occurring here because the houses in this area are very close to one another,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16416689", "title": "Set up child rights body by year-end, state told", "text": "CHENNAI: Citing increasing instances of child abuse in Tamil Nadu, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has asked the state government to ensure that the child rights body in the state is operational by year-end.Five months after the state government issued an order to set up of a statutory panel to monitor protection of child rights, the department of social welfare is struggling to find a chairperson and six members for the body despite the deadline having been extended.This has not gone down well with the NCPCR. \"Tamil Nadu has several issues related to children which need immediate attention. We have repeatedly written to the government to form a State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR). Although a government order was issued five months ago to set up a statutory body, we are still waiting to see it implemented,\" NCPCR chairperson Shanta Sinha told TOI. \"The SCPCR has to be set up by the end of this year or we'll have to take strict action,\" she warned.According to the Commission for Protection of Child Rights Act, 2005, every state should have a commission for protection of child rights. The act also mandates the commission to have a chairperson and six members well-versed in the field of child welfare. The commission has to submit an annual report to the state government, as well as special reports when an issue needs immediate attention.Tamil Nadu constituted a committee comprising the minister of social welfare, chief secretary to the government and the secretary to the department of social welfare and nutritious meal programme to select a chairperson for the SCPCR.\"The SCPCR is constituted. We are looking for an appropriate candidate to head the panel and an announcement will be made soon,\" a social welfare department source said.Once set up, the SCPCR will analyse existing laws, policies and practices pertaining to children, present reports on the status of child rights from time to time and recommend appropriate remedial measures.\"I refuse to believe that the government could not find a suitable candidate to head the body. Either something is wrong with civil society for not showing enough interest or there is a serious flaw with the government's criteria for applying,\" said Vidya Reddy of Tulir, which works for prevention of child sexual abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16415634", "title": "SUV driver hits biker at check point, drags him for 300m", "text": "NEW DELHI: An SUV driver hit a biker and dragged him for around 300m on MG Road on Friday night to dodge traffic cops. Dinesh Kumar, a resident of Aaya Nagar, got thrown off the motorcycle at a speed breaker but Satveer, from Gurgaon, continued to flee for another 3km before cops finally catching on him at the Gurgaon border.Traffic cops asked Kumar, who was going to Gurgaon for work, to stop at the Aaya Nagar traffic signal around 10pm to check the papers of his bike. Soon, cops also signalled a Qualis with a fancy number plate. But its driver, Satveer, stepped up the gas and hit Kumar's bike from behind. He did not stop even after the collision and tried to zoom off by hitting the barricades even as cops tried to surround him from all sides.After Kumar was thrown off his bike after being dragged on for 300m, Satveer continued to drive on with the bike clinging on to his bumper. As one police team took Kumar to the hospital, another flashed a wireless message to intercept the Qualis. The SUV kept on dragging the bike for around 3km with police gypsies and cops on bike chasing him.Police were finally able to intercept Satveer at the Gurgaon border. He was brought to the Fatehpur Beri police station along with his vehicle and, during questioning, said he resorted to this extreme step as he did not possess any paper for his SUV.Satveer was arrested and booked for causing hurt due to rash driving (IPC 279, 337), using false property mark (IPC 482) for using defective licence plate and under the Motor Vehicles Act. He has been sent to judicial custody.Hospital sources said Kumar was out of danger and was under observation for the next 48 hours. He has sustained head injuries along with a few fractures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16416552", "title": "Fire engulfs Jawahar Bhawan sub-station", "text": "LUCKNOW: Major parts of areas in and around Hazratganj plunged into a deep power crisis after fire broke out in Jawahar Bhawan sub-station late on Saturday evening. Thankfully, no causalities were reported.While the cause of fire could not be ascertained, fire officials said that the cause may be a short circuit. According to reports, the incident happened around 10.00 p.m. when most of the staff had left. Eye-witnesses said that there were some sparks around the incoming panels after which a section of sub-station went up in flames. Fire tenders were pressed into service but it was too late.In fact, incoming side of the panels were burnt to ashes. Even though the transformer was intact, it could not be used because of water. LLucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) chief engineer, Pradeep Tandon said that they were trying to ascertain the extent of the damage incurred to the building and the equipments. \"It is only after an assessment is made that we would be in comment,\" he said. The incident cause a severe power breakdown in areas comprising Rana Pratap Marg, Meerabai Marg, parts of Ashok Marg and VIP colonies like Dalibagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16416324", "title": "Cong team meets DGP over clash", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A Congress delegation on Saturday met DGP Prakash Mishra to protest against alleged police excesses on party workers during the September 6 rally in Bhubaneswar.The Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee (OPCC) team conveyed to the DGP that display of photographs of certain people suspected to be involved in the September 6 incident in various police stations is illegal, Congress spokesperson Ganeshwar Behera said.The team led by party's media cell in-charge and former law minister Narsingh Mishra sought immediate removal of such photographs and release of those in police custody. The Congress leaders also brought to the notice of the DGP that the various police associations' anti-Congress remarks in front of the media violates Police Forces (Restriction of Rights) Act 1966.The Congress team also sought action on complaints lodged by the party in Mahila police station and Capital police station, Behera said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "16417362", "title": "Man gets contract killers to murder wife, arrested", "text": "SANGRUR: A 45-year-old man has been arrested for hiring contract killers to get his wife eliminated. The man tried to mislead investigations by claiming that she had been killed by robbers and it took the police five days to unravel the truth and expose his lies.Saddopur village resident Jora Singh's wife Hardev Kaur had been killed on the night of September 9. Jora Singh complained to police that robbers had entered their house at night and murdered her. A case had been registered.Sangrur SSP Harcharan Singh Bhullar said: \"Jora Singh had illicit relations with Chhinder Kaur of Bhasaur village, who happened to be his relative. Jora and Hardev Kaur had no children and Chhinder Kaur was eyeing the 22 bighas that Jora Singh owned. Chhinder wanted to marry her daughter to Hardev Kaur's relative and usurp the land, but Hardev Kaur denied her proposal. This provoked Jora and Chhinder Kaur to kill the woman.\"\"Jora Singh and Chhinder hired Jatinderpal Singh and Sukhjit Singh of Bhasaur village and promised to pay them Rs 1 lakh. The contract killers, along with Jora, killed strangulated Hardev Kaur on the night of September 9 and Jora Singh spread the word that looters entered his house,\" the SSP said. All four have confessed to the crime, said the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16416478", "title": "Now, pay Rs 20.37 'xtra' for premium diesel", "text": "LUCKNOW: After a steep hike in diesel price, oil companies on Saturday raised the rates of premium or branded petrol and diesel by Rs 6.36 and Rs 19.55 per litre respectively. The hike meant a rise of Rs 6.71 and Rs 20.37 per litre for Uttar Pradesh which has a high Value Added Tax.With this, the cost of premium petrol rose from Rs 76.66 to Rs 83.37 per litre, while the premium diesel went up from Rs 48.99 to Rs 69.36 per litre in UP. Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC ) sells premium or branded petrol under the brand name 'Xtra Premium', while Bharat Petroleum calls it 'Speed'. Hindustan Petroleum sells the fuel under the brand name 'Power'.Members of UP petrol pump dealers association said that while the extra premium petrol was being sold on a majority of petrol pumps, the extra premium diesel was not available in most of the pumps. This was essentially because of its high cost.Interestingly, the cost of normal diesel had recently risen from Rs 44.05 to Rs 49.05 which for obvious reasons was higher than the normal diesel. It therefore became but obvious for the oil companies to revise the rates of branded diesel which is used essentially in luxury vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16417119", "title": "4 static radar sensors put up along state\u2019s coastline", "text": "KOCHI: Director general of Coast Guard vice-admiral M P Muralidharan has said that static radar sensors would give a fillip to the coastal security of the country.Speaking to the media after inaugurating the remote radar station for chain of static sensors installed by Coast Guard in Kochi on Saturday, he said the first phase of bringing the entire coastal belt of the country under the surveillance of the radar system would be completed by March 31.Of the 46 remote radar stations that would be operational in the first phase, 36 will be in the mainland and others will be in islands like Lakshadweep and Andaman &amp; Nicobar, he said.In the next phase, there would be 38 stations. He said that ships passing through Indian waters can be traced and visuals of such vessels can be taken using the system.\"Undetected intrusion can be prevented by monitoring the movement of the vessel. It will also help the Coast Guard in carrying out the search and rescue operations. The data collected through the radar system will be shared with other maritime agencies,\" he said. He said that currently the Coast Guard operates 73 ships and 56 aircraft. \"Soon, these would go up to 150 ships and 56 aircraft,\" he said. The four static radar sensors installed at Mount Dilli in Kannur, Ponnani in Malappuram, Vypeen in Kochi and in Kollam are connected to the remote operating station in Kochi. This, in turn, would be connected to the regional operating centre in Mumbai, which is integrated with the control centre in New Delhi. SPS Basra, inspector general, vessel traffic management, Coast Guard, and Kochi corporation councillors Antony Kureethra and T K Ashraf attended the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16420178", "title": "Dad\u2019s the way to do it", "text": "As US President Barack Obama says fatherhood is more important than politicking, Purvaja Sawant finds out how the new Daddy Cools are bending the gender curve.Most people, including his daughters, would probably forgive him for being an absentee father, but not Barack Obama, the US President. Defending his decision to be present with his family at dinner time instead of running around developing relationships with congressional lawmakers, Obama said in a recent interview that being available for his daughters Malia (14) and Sasha (11) would always be priority. He wants to make sure his daughters spend enough time with him before they grow up to be adults with their own plans in the evening.While a generation ago, a father was mostly seen as the bread-winner, the disciplinarian, who occasionally cooked a fun meal; over the years, his role has evolved into a more nurturing and prominent one. Kay Kay Menon, editorial assistant and father of two kids, aged 7 and 2, says, \"Since my wife and I both work, we split our daily chores. While she helps with their homework, I cook for my kids. I don't want them to grow up feeling that I wasn't around enough.\"For graphic designer Ataullah Khan, his three children are priority. \"If I have to choose between going for a pre-planned movie with my kids and working late to meet a deadline, I'll choose the movie, and go in early the next morning to finish pending work.\"Today, a lot of fathers like Prashant G, PR consultant, believe that they need to play a more hands-on role in their children's lives. Says Prashant, \"I've taken the responsibility of giving my two sons a bath and putting them to bed every night.\"The father-child bond isn't just beneficial for children. Scientist Dr Krishnananda Chattopadhyay reveals, \"Being with my kids is a stress reliever. Playing with them helps me solve problems at work.\"As Obama aptly describes, \"It (fatherhood) is the hardest but most rewarding job in the world\".US President Barack Obama prefers spending time with his daughters, Malia and Sasha in the evening. He says since he missed his father while growing up, he wants to make sure his daughters do not feel the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-16"}
