{"city": "london", "code": "14700018", "title": "Roger vs Novak: The feeling is mutual!", "text": "LONDON: The relationship between tennis' top guns is built on respect. Friendship, expectedly, has nothing to do with it!In Geneva in September 2006, Roger Federer had come down hard on Novak Djokovic because he thought the Serb had called the trainer on court for no obvious reason during a Davis Cup five-set match against his friend and countryman Stanislas Wawrinka.On Wednesday, Federer first chided the media for bringing up the issue before going on to say, \"We had a quick chat about the incident a little later in Madrid and things have since been cool between us. I've always respected him. Have I gone out for dinner with him? No.\"The 25-year-old World No. 1 was quick to repay the compliment. \"The success that Roger has had over seven-eight years says enough. He has won the most number of Grand Slams in history. He's probably rated as the best player ever. He has won everything a tennis player can win and he keeps coming back for more,\" Djokovic said, \"He has great respect from me and all the players. There's no question about that. But we are all rivals, all of us are opponents. I don't think about his history or his success too much when I am on the court. I just want to beat him to win the match.\"The royal audienceTennis' royalty Roger Federer shook hands with Britain's golden couple, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, at the All England Club on Wednesday.The gorgeous Kate Middleton turned up at the All-England Club in a tennis-styled, cable-knit Alexander McQueen dress, the very outfit she wore on the same day last year when she visited the Prince Edward Island. Prince William looked dapper in a navy-blue suit and grey tie.\"It's inspiring to have the royals coming out to watch tennis,\" Federer said, \"It's great for Wimbledon, the club and the players. It's nice to see the royal box always full. I also enjoy the legends of the game coming out to watch us. They're not here just to drink champagne and tea at the back. They really do come for the tennis. I feel that. It's probably one of the reasons why I play well on Centre Court.\"When asked if he would one day sit in the royal box, Federer replied, \"I'll first have to get an invitation.\" The 30-year-old, six-time Wimbledon champion met the couple - dubbed 'WilKat' by the tabloids - after his quarterfinal win.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14702610", "title": "Britain bans IM for causing series of blasts in India", "text": "LONDON: The British government on Thursday banned Indian Mujahideen (IM), citing its involvement in a string of bombings across India since 2007 and the threats the Lashkar-e-Taiba affiliate poses to its nationals. The IM's proscription would make it a terrorist offence to be its member under the UK's Terrorism Act 2000.The group became the 47th such organization to be banned in the UK. India had outlawed the IM in June 2010 with the US and New Zealand shortly following suit.\"Making membership of, and support for, the organization (IM) (will be) a criminal offence,\" said British home secretary Theresa May.She said the IM is a terrorist organization that has carried out a number of indiscriminate mass casualty attacks. \"It uses violence to achieve its stated objectives of establishing an Islamic state in India and implementing Sharia law.\"May said proscribing the group sends a clear message that the UK condemns its activities and demonstrates its commitment to counter-terrorism to its international partners. Earlier, British parliamentarians unanimously voted to ban the group on Wednesday.\"(The IM) has frequently perpetrated attacks against civilian targets... with the intention of maximizing casualties,'' home office minister James Brokenshire told the House of Commons on Wednesday. He cited the group's involvement in May 2008 Jaipur serial blasts that killed 63 people and that in an explosion outside the Delhi high court in September last year. Brokenshire said the group had threatened British tourists in India.\"We believe that there is ample evidence that IM is concerned in terrorism and I believe it is right that we add the organization to the list of proscribed organizations.\" Brokenshire said the decision was taken after thoroughly reviewing all the available information and evidence about the group.Indian-origin MP Keith Vaz welcomed the move. \"The international community should join together in criminalizing this organization, which has killed innocent civilians and uses violence indiscriminately.''Shadow home office minister Diana Johnson echoed Vaz, saying the IM was behind \"some of the most appalling acts of terrorism in recent years\". British authorities believe the IM was involved in the 26/11 attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14699108", "title": "Police blame tragedy on poor design, shoddy implementation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight DMRC officials have been charged with causing \"death due to negligence\" in the Metro accident at Zamrudpur. The report of experts from IIT Roorkee played an important role in establishing the alleged negligence. The report held Arch Consultancy's design \"faulty\". Delhi Police also used the statements of at least 72 witnesses, including DMRC officials, engineers and IIT experts, in its chargesheet.Gammon India has also been blamed by chargesheet for \"executing\" work on a faulty design. After the incident, DMRC had blacklisted these two firms.The chargesheet was filed in the court of additional chief metropolitan magistrate Sanjay Sharma in Saket courts on Thursday afternoon. Also named in the chargesheet were S K Srivastava, then-deputy chief engineer of DMRC, Gammon India's Amrit Singh (deputy project manager) and engineers Anil Patra and Sunil Hegde.\"It was a poor design made by Arch Consultancy, which was poorly implemented by Gammon India and wrongly approved by DMRC. The DMRC negligently allowed execution of the pillar. Despite cracks in the pillar no 'load test' was done,\" a Delhi Police source said.\"According to IIT experts, the tragedy could have been averted had a load test been done on the pillar,\" the source said, adding that the chargesheet also talks about poor construction material.The chargesheet has been in the works for two years. During this time, Crime Branch teams have had to read a large number of documents and question several officials of the three companies after which they arrived at the conclusion that it was a collective failure. A team led by ACP Rajender Bakshi under the supervision of Additional Commissioner of Police Ashok Chand (Crime Branch) investigated the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14697097", "title": "Police trace impostor's phone number to Patna", "text": "BHOPAL: Not doubting any foul play, the response of Tumrali, who had worked under Bamra, was \"yes sir\".The man faking as Bamra then passed on an SBI account to Tumrali and asked him to deposit Rs 40,000.\"As I had worked with Bamra sir, I did not think much before depositing the sum,\" Tumrali told the TOI over phone from Dindori. He reportedly gave the money to his colleague R K Paraste to deposit it in bank. As told, Paraste deposited the money.After depositing the sum, Paraste called up the impostor taking him as Gulshan Bamra informing him that he had deposited Rs 40,000.The police said the caller then enquired from Paraste whether he too was a deputy collector. When he answered in affirmative, he was also \"ordered\" to deposit an equal amount in the bank account.Dindori SP Purshottam Sharma told TOI that an FIR was registered against the caller under the Section 420 after a complaint from Paraste.When the police began investigations, the number was traced to Patna , the police said.Interestingly, a few months ago, in a similar incident, an unknown caller had duped some deputy collectors of the state by posing as P C Mina, then the chief electoral officer. The calls were traced to the Beur jail in Patna. The cyber cell of Madhya Pradesh investigated the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14697078", "title": "HC seeks govt's plan for release of sailor held captive by Somali pirates", "text": "KOCHI: The central government should inform the steps it can take to facilitate the release of a Malayali sailor who is held hostage by Somali pirates, the Kerala high court ordered on Thursday.Justice T R Ramachandran Nair asked central government to inform about possible steps that could be taken to free the Malayali merchant navy personnel T B Unnikrishnan while considering a petition filed by his wife Shobha Krishnan.In the petition, Shobha had challenged central government's stand that it would not negotiate with Somali pirates to facilitate release of her husband.MT Asphalt Venture, the ship in which Unnikrishnan was the second officer, was hijacked by Somali pirates on September 28, 2010 and crew members, including Unnikrishnan, have been detained in Somalia by the pirates. The pirates allowed Unnikrishnan to contact his wife over telephone once and he told her that his health is deteriorating as he is a diabetic patient.Despite several petitions to the central government, including the Prime Minister, minister of defence, and secretary of ministry of shipping, no effective steps have been taken by the government towards the release of the crew, the petitioner alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14698598", "title": "Judicial magistrate first class officer gets anticipatory bail in torture case", "text": "AKOLA: Badrinarayan Arbad, the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) here has got a temporary relief from arrest till July 11 as he secured ad-interim anticipatory bail from the additional session judge at Akot tahsil town on Wednesday evening in the case of physically and mentally torturing his wife Smita.This is the first instance in the district in which the accused who is a judicial officer, has secured an ad-interim anticipatory bail from the Akot judge despite other session judges including PDJ working at Akola district headquarters.Arbad rushed to Akot town for getting temporary bail after an offence of cruelty against his wife has been registered against him under Section 498A, 323, 504 and 506 (read with Section 34 of Indian Penal Code). The offences were registered on Wednesday.Section 498A of IPC was amended for giving justice to married women who have been subjected to physical and mental torture by her husband and in-laws and the crime has been made non-bailable in 1983 during the regime of Indira Gandhi.After several of her efforts bore no fruit, Smita, who herself is a BSc and LLM, filed a police complaint against her husband Arbad and others including her father-in-law Nagorao, Lata, Narayan, Kisan, Kamal, Shankar Shivraj Subhadra, all of Arbad family and her sister-in-law Sita Dudhate and offences were registered against them.Smita was married to Badrinarayan Arbad, who is her maternal uncle, in 2007. The dispute between the couple arose over the issue of Smita frequently visiting her parental home, demand of transfer of land and Arbad's second marriage.Balasaheb Jawle, father of Smita and former ACP, died in 2008. Smita was being physically and mentally tortured by her husband and in-laws over the issue of transferring ten acres of land which is in the name of her mother to her husband's name on April 14, 2008. As per the complaint to the police, Smita was beaten and driven out of the house.The accused JMFC before moving to Akot for seeking bail, is understood to have taken the advice from senior judges of the district judiciary, sources said. Arbad has reported 'on leave' and was not available for comment. The district judiciary is keeping mum over the events.The search for another wife for the accused JMFC is on, sources closed to Arbad family said. Smita is understood to have proceeded for seeking divorce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14700229", "title": "Ranchi police to question builder in fraud case", "text": "RANCHI: The court of first class judicial magistrate Shekhar Kumar granted the custody of Anamika Nandi, director of Sanjeevani Buildicon to Ranchi police on Thursday. Anamika along with her husband and director-cum-developer of the company, J D Nandi, who is absconding, is accused of cheating crores of rupees from over 100 prospective flat buyers.Anamika had surrendered before the judicial magistrate on Tuesday. Inspector Arvind Kumar Sinha, who is a member of the Special Investigation Team, constituted to probe into the scam, said, \"She will be interrogated tomorrow (Friday). We are hopeful that she will lead us to Nandi (her husband).\"Anamika used to live with Nandi at Karan Villah, which was attached by cops on May 14 after the court declared that the duo is absconding. Along with the couple, eight other associates have also been accused in the case. The accused include Shyam Kishore Gupta, P P Lala, Arvind Singh alias Pappu, Ram Prasad Verma, Abdul Baham and Shamim Khan.After the news of scam spread, the couple had escaped to Thailand some five months ago. \"Anamika was told by her well wishers that police was zeroing in on them in Thailand. It caused a sense of apprehension in her and she surrendered on Tuesday,\" said a CID official.Anita Nandi, the first wife of J D Nandi has already been arrested. Few associates of Nandi have also surrendered in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702508", "title": "Eight injured in wall collapse in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-six people were evacuated from a dilapidated structure in Bhandup, while eight were injured after a portion of a wall collapsed in Ambernath (W) on Thursday. The second-floor staircase of Vijay Niwas, a three-storeyed building in Bhandup (W), collapsed in the early hours. The fire brigade reached the spot around 8am and began the rescue operation. \"Officials rescued 26 people from the building, which had been labelled as dilapidated for the last few years. Residents had been told to vacate the building,\" said an official from the BMC's S Ward.Later, the police sealed the building. \"We have decided to instal metal props for the building and will also put a protective net around to prevent debris from falling,\" said a senior BMC official.In a separate incident, eight persons at Buvapada in Ambernath were injured after a portion of a wall collapsed. Out of the eight, two who sustained minor injuries were discharged from hospital after treatment. Four are recuperating in Ulhasnagar's Central Hospital. Two persons, whose condition is said to be critical, are being treated at KEM Hospital.Meanwhile, four Std V students of a school in Kalyan (E) were injured after a portion of a slab fell down due to heavy rains. The four were taken to a nearby hospital and later discharged .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14698983", "title": "CBI arrests three in Provident Fund scam case", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the arrest of three officials of the District Inspector of Schools office of Ramabai Nagar district on Thursday in connection with the Provident Fund scam, the CBI has now turned its focus on the Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP) officials who had been posted in the district from time to time and had allegedly helped the scam accused in ensuring that the scam went undetected.Sleuths arrested the finance officer Shiv Saran Tewari, accountant Anirudh Kumar and clerk Hari Narain - all posted at the DIOS office in Ramabai Nagar on charges that they had connived and withdrawn around Rs 35 lakh from the PF accounts on the basis of forged documents, which were filled up by the arrested accused in their own handwriting.The arrests were made after the CBI sent samples of the forged documents of the three accused to the Central Forensic Science Lab (CFSL) Kolkata where they matched in totality. On the basis of the CFSL report, the three accused were arrested.The CBI was probing into siphoning off over Rs 35 lakh of PF money belonging to principal and staff of Gram Vikas Inter College in Bhudauli locality of Ramabai Nagar (earlier known as Kanpur Dehat) allegedly by some employees of the state education department in connivance with the district authorities and police.The Allahabad High Court had ordered a CBI probe on the petition of Girdhari Lal who had alleged that the scam had come to light in 2010 after which a departmental inquiry was ordered on the basis of which an FIR was lodged with the local police on September 21, 2010. However, the High Court was appraised that no arrests were initiated by the police despite the FIR and the investigators decided to charge sheet a couple of employees of the DIOS office.Taking a serious note of the alleged police laxity in investigations, the HC ordered a CBI probe into the scam and had directed the investigating agency to pay particular attention on the role of the senior officials at the DIOS office and the local police in case they have conspired to restrain from initiating the required action against the accused once the scam was detected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701195", "title": "Maintenance body in dock over collapse", "text": "JAIPUR: Collapse of the three-storey science department building of Rajasthan University has raised questions on the functioning of the Maintenance Strengthening Fund (MSF) body of the university responsible for monitoring and repair of its buildings and other structures.Every year, the university allocates about Rs 4 crore to Rs 5 crores on maintenance of buildings and repair work despite half of its structures were constructed two to three decades ago and are in a dilapidated condition.The vice-chancellor's office also denied TOI's request to furnish information on the work of MSF in the last six montsh.Sources said since the last few years no maintenance report on the status of the buildings has been submitted by MSF. RU's laxity over maintenance is again evident from the fact that MSF is being headed by an engineer on deputation for the last many years. \"The maintenance part was never on the priority list of the university administration. The focus of MSF is always on under-construction buildings and repair of roads which are easily visible,\" a professor of the university said.RU has 38 post graduate departments, many of them running in two to three decade-old buildings. The lack of maintenance has made the buildings highly vulnerable to collapse. Departments like - zoology, mass comm, Mcom, library and law college among others are in poor shape.Moreover, incidents of debris falling on students are very common during rainy days. \"Our normal compliant takes about 6-9 months to get any attention. The V-C hardly gives time to meet on academic issues. A meeting on maintenance is unthinkable,\" a zoology teacher rued.Unconfirmed reports said in the last six months, MSF had repaired two university residences of influential teachers while ignoring complaints of departments for repair. MSF has caught the ire of employees for undergoing Rs 44 lakh ducting system in the administrative block resulting in many cracks in the building two-decade old building. \"They took the decision in a haste. The building has not enough space to have ducting system. The cracks left have put the building in danger,\" an RU official said.Even the newly constructed buildings are not safe. The newest building - the Centre for Converging Technology - constructed two years ago has developed many visible cracks in the basement. Experts felt that Thursday's collapse could have been averted had that MSF acted seriously on the complaints by the department. \"I have reported this matter to V-C twice on record but they were unheard,\" said Sunil Khatik, an RU student.Teachers blamed that the process of repair work is very cumbersome. It requires a lot of paper work followed by inspection and grant. The university has no cell or a committee which looks after such complaints. In fact, most of the faculty is unaware of any such fund or body of RU working towards maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14710005", "title": "Miranda Kerr wants more kids", "text": "Miranda Kerr, who is married to Orlando Bloom , has revealed that she wants more kids.The 29-year-old supermodel, gave birth to Flynn last year, and thinks it might now be time to have another child.\"I think probably yes. Having a child is the most incredible experience,\" the Daily Express quoted her as telling Tatler magazine.\"What has surprised me most is how incredible the bond is between you and your child.\"To watch him grow and evolve every day is inspiring,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700583", "title": "Gujarat University in dark over commerce admissions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) is in dark about the number of seats vacant in commerce colleges even as the admission process for the first year is on the verge of completion.Several colleges have closed the admissions on high merit, as a result of which students are forced to take admissions in the self-financed colleges.The university has not convened a single meeting of the nine-member committee formed to monitor the admission process for the first year BCom courses. GU had made it clear that no student will be given admission without merit. Despite this, several \"influential\" colleges have given admissions flouting this guideline.Acting vice-chancellor of GU, Mukul Shah, when asked about this issue, said, \"I don't know how many seats have been filled and how many are vacant. We will ask colleges for these details within a week.\"\"I don't want to give wrong numbers. The final number of admissions will be known in 3-4 days and the meeting of the committee will be called to take stock of the situation ,\" he said.Meanwhile, those colleges seeking permission to convert the reserved category seats into open will be given a nod. The admission for reserved category seats will be over by July 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "tadepalligudem", "code": "14698099", "title": "Couple arrested for torturing girl", "text": "TADEPALLIGUDEM: Foster parents of six-year-old Kongala Durga were sent to judicial remand here on Thursday for inhuman treatment of the girl. Durga, who was admitted to the government hospital in Eluru with serious scalding injuries on Wednesday, is undergoing treatment.The couple, Venkata Lakshmi and Gopi, were produced before a magistrate, who sent them to 14-day custody. Police booked the couple under Section 307 (attempt to murder) of IPC read with Section 34 (assaulting a minor) and took them into custody early in the day. According to the police, they used to frequently harass the girl. On Wednesday, Durga was branded with a hot metal rod. The girl suffered burns on her shoulder, forearm and legs. The victim is the daughter of late Konagala Apparao and wife of Devi.Apparao died two years ago. Devi, who is a daily wage worker, reportedly gave Durga to Lakshmi and Gopi, a cable operator, three months back with the help of a mediator Srilakshmi. Her two other daughters were taken in by an orphanage in Rajahmundry.After the news about her daughter's condition came out, Devi rushed to the house of the couple and took her to a private nursing home and later to the government hospital in Eluru, where the doctors said the girl is recovering. \"The girl suffered serious injuries. It would take some time for the injuries to heal,\" a doctor said. Doctors attending the girl said, Durga received burn injuries caused by a burnt spoon being put on her body. She also suffered multiple rib fractures after being kicked on her chest. \"She has fluid in the lungs, accumulation of water in the stomach area, haematoma in the scalp was also detected,\" a doctor said, adding that the girl was also suffering from undernourishment.The doctors said she also has severe protein deficiency as she was not fed properly for the last few months. Gopi, however, has denied torturing the girl.Srilakshmi is absconding and police have launched a hunt for her. Meanwhile, the district officials said Devi and her three children would be admitted to the state-run charity home in Eluru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "munger", "code": "14702713", "title": "Mother-son duo electrocuted", "text": "MUNGER: A woman and her son were electrocuted on Thursday at Bardah village under Mufassil police station (PS) in Munger district. The SHO of Mufassil PS said that both the woman Mustari Begum, 40, and her eight-year-old son, Md Shamshad, came into contact with a live wire hanging downward in the nearby lane, the only passage for the residents of that locality. Before any medical aid could be provided to them, both of them were dead.Rain: Incessant rain on Thursday brightened the faces of farmers who were seen looking desparately towards the sky everyday for rain. Dr Gopal Sharma, chief co-ordinator, Krishi Vigyan Kendra, said that 8 ml rainfall was recorded in the kendra. The agro scientists of the kendra have advised the farmers to sow paddy seeds through SRI method. The farmers have been further advised to store rainwater collected in their fields and ahars in view of the changing mood of the monsoon this year.Murder case: Three persons were taken into custody by the police in the case of murder of a Sangrampur cloth merchant on Monday night. Shambhu Tiwrebal, a cloth merchant, was gunned down shortly before midnight on Monday by four unidentified persons who approached him as customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700314", "title": "Ideological twist to war over mosques", "text": "HYDERABAD: Although divided by varying ideologies for years, there is a sudden and disturbing power struggle currently brewing among the adherents of different schools of thought who are now trying to outdo the other in getting control over mosques. If a cacophony of interpretations of the Quran and the hadith (traditions of Prophet Muhammad) is dominating Facebook pages of various ideology-driven people, the trouble is more serious in the real world.The recent murder at the Moinabad Jama Masjid of a man is a grim reflection of the bitter battle of opposing ideologies being waged on holy ground and has shocked the Muslim community in Hyderabad.The internal power struggle to boss the mosques committees is now palpable. And more the revenue of the mosque, the messier the tussle for its control. Among the various groups trying to make their presence felt in mosques are of Ahl-e-sunnat Wal Jamaat, Wahabis, Beobandis, Barelvis, Salafis, also known as Ahle-Hadith, Tableeghi Jamaat and the Jamat-e-Islami.Revenues of mosques range from a few thousands to a few lakhs, depending on their size and the number and nature of properties attached to them for their upkeep. The Karwan Masjid constructed by Hazrat Hussain Shah Wali has 99 shops attached to it and the Musheerabad Jama Masjid has 12 acres of land under its control.Imdad Ghar Serai Mosque in Vijaywada receives rent to the tune of lakhs and the managing committee is appointed by recommendations from the powers that be. While mosques are required to furnish their financial data to the Wakf Board every year, most fail to do so. \"Every mosque committee has to take the approval of their yearly budget in the month of December every year but only 15% of the committees of the thousands of mosques under the custody of the Wakf Board comply with these stipulations,\" said Wakf Board member Syed Akbar Nizamuddin Hussaini.Apart from controlling assets of mosques and lording over the revenue, those waging the power struggle are mainly driven by the idea of members subscribing to their pet ideology dominating the mosque. And this has led to many ugly situations. The Masjid-e-Barkatvilla in Banjara Hills and Masjid-e-Chaman in Afzalgunj narrate the sordid tales of committees establishing denominational proprietorship of mosques. A worshipper of Masjid-e-Barkatvilla on the condition of anonymity said, \"Members of the Tableeghi Jamat used to deliver lectures and sermons for years in this mosque but were shunted out a couple of years ago by the new committee which comprises people from the Ahl-e-Sunnat wal Jamaat. This has been happening in many mosques.\" Others noted that the Ahl-e-Sunnat wal Jamaat was being muscled out of out of many other mosques across the state. Islamic scholars are clueless of how to resolve the conflict. \"If a mosque follows the rules prescribed by one maslak (school of thought), the there must not be any interference from people from other maslaks. This is the only way to keep the situation under control,\" Hussaini said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14701880", "title": "Fraudster on the run for 12 yrs held", "text": "CHENNAI: When central crime branch sleuths arrested a 39-year-old man for cheating a businessman last month they didn't know that they had landed a much bigger fish than they were looking for. They later discovered that Abdul Mujeeb Miyan had been on the run from the CBI for more than 12 years for defrauding banks of several crores of rupees.Miyan, a native of Tirunelveli, spilled the beans during interrogation, confessing that he was wanted in a 4-crore cheating case being investigated by the CBI. After the CBI launched a hunt for Miyan, who earlier went by the name of Abdul Niwas, he quickly moved from Trichy to Chennai and later to Bangalore where lived in a rented bungalow.\"Miyan changed his name to Abdul Mujeeb Miyan and got a fresh passport,\" an investigating officer said. \"He gave immigration officials and the CBI the slip and travelled abroad several times.\" Investigators with the CCB police took Miyan into custody for two days after his arrest on June 23 and interrogated him. They discovered that he had been involved in a fraudulent racket with associates in Trichy and Nagercoil. He was named as 38th of the 40 accused by the CBI for cheating many banks.Miyan and 39 others defrauded State Bank of India, Nagercoil, investigators said. The bank manager was also named in the first information report (FIR) for alleged connivance. Miyan was part of the gang that prepared a fake clearance letter for a loan Rs 1.90 crore to the service branch in Tamil Nadu. The accused took a flight to Mumbai from where they posted the letter to the Nagercoil branch of the bank. Once the service branch cleared the loan, the cheats withdrew the cash and split it between them.Members of the gang pulled off another job at a nationalized bank in Trichy, from which they swindled more than 2.10 crore. The CBI registered two separate cases and arrested some of the fraudsters. \"At least four people named in the FIR died of illness and eight others were acquitted. Miyan was named a proclaimed offender and the CBI court issued a non-bailable warrant against him more than a decade ago,\" a CBI official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14708691", "title": "Dileep in Vysakh\u2019s next", "text": "Dileep is doing the lead role in director Vysakh's film. Benny P Nayrambalam is the script writer. The film will be releasing in the end of this year.Dileep and Benny P Nayarambalam are coming back together for this film after 'Kunjikoonan'.Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14701461", "title": "They \u2018see\u2019 TV through their ears", "text": "VADODARA: They may not see, but they recognize most film stars and television soap actors. They can even tell you which anchor is presenting the news on television.The residents of the hostels at the Government School for the Blind at Pensionpura area of the city see the television through their ears. And, they have their favourite actors too.Every night a group of students sits in the television room of the hostel and enjoys news, serials, movies and cricket matches on television. They sit close to the TV set and listen carefully to the programmes. They are familiar with the keys on the remote control and the channels on television and flip through them easily.The reason according to the school principal Vinod Rathwa is that they have a very sharp memory. \"They take time in learning things. But later they do not forget it for life. Hearing is the most important source of their learning process,\" Rathwa said.Said Ikram Raj, 17, a student at the hostel, \"If we have listened to someone once, we can recognize him the second time we hear him. We all have our favourite shows and actors,\" said Raj. He can even mimic film stars and his own teachers.Dharmesh Rathwa, 10, may have never seen Katrina Kaif and Ajay Devgn but they are his favourites. \"I liked Devgn's move Singham very much,\" he said.It is not that the students like only present generation stars. Amit Prajapati, a standard eight student, has other choices. \"I like Amitabh Bachchan and Sridevi. We can also recognize who is reading the news from their voices as they speak their names too,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14697422", "title": "Green tribunal in red as two more judges quit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exasperated at the way they have been treated, two more judges on the National Green Tribunal (NGT) have tendered their resignation, leaving the court in disarray as altogether six judges have quit the body since its inception in October, 2010.The resignation of judicial members Amit Talukdar and C Venkata Ramulu leaves only five technical and judicial members on board, which is only one-eighth of the maximum mandated strength. The Tribunal is legally empowered to have a minimum of 20 members and a maximum of 40 members running four benches across the country.The Tribunal was set up to serve as the only court in India to hear petitions on green issues. It was meant to expedite decisions in thousands of green complaints being filed across the country in various courts. In the short span that NGT has been in operation it has passed strong judgments countering the government on big-ticket cases such as Posco , and also criticized its environmental decision-making on several occasions.It is the only court in India where an aggrieved can plead against environmental clearances to projects, or the lapses in following the clearance conditions. The Tribunal is also empowered to take up environmental issues of substantive nature and the appeal against its orders can be made only before the Supreme Court. Applicants can also approach it for cases of civil liability arising out of infringement of environmental laws.Only sitting or retired chief justices of high courts and judges of the Supreme Court are permitted to be judicial members of the panel.The chairperson of the Tribunal L S Panta had earlier resigned, and R V Raveendran was selected as his replacement. Later, Raveendran too withdrew his consent to head the panel since his appointment remained stuck for months.Another member, ex-environment secretary Vijai Sharma, left the panel to join the Central Information Commission.Several of those who did join the Tribunal as members were left in the lurch since the government was 'unable' to find accommodation for the judges and forced them to stay in rooms in the ministry's guesthouse in the national Capital. The court itself has been run out of the guesthouse too, with only the intervention of the Supreme Court ensuring some moves by the government to select Faridkot House as its official address, and that too will another few months to become fully operational.So far, the Tribunal has held only one hearing each at three other designated cities for regional coverage, and that too in makeshift offices and by the members posted here. All petitions before the NGT, regardless of which part of the country they pertain to, are being filed at the Delhi office.Times ViewIt is indeed a sad state of affairs that the National Green Tribunal is in such a state of complete disarray. Clearly with its current strength, there is little chance of it being able to meet the mandate given to it. We hope that this state is not by design. Even if it is a result of bureaucratic sloth or neglect, it reflects very poorly on India's commitment to safeguarding the environment. There is also the issue of whether it will become a bottleneck with cases likely to remain pending for long periods. That again is something that India with its urgent need to speed up developmental projects can ill-afford. The government must address this issue with the urgency it deserves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "14700693", "title": "Railways unearths ticket scam worth lakhs", "text": "BELGAUM: A team of South Western Railway audit officials has uncovered a unreserved ticketing system (UTS) racket running into several lakhs.The fraud came to light a few months ago when railway officials smelt a rat at the Tiptur and Chamarajapuram railway station counters.A short distance ticket is printed over a long distance ticket. The booking clerk pockets the difference between the two tickets. On the unreserved ticket on the top right, there is an eight digit number and below a four digit number. The last four digits of the eight-digit number should match the below four-digit number. If they do not match, it is a fake ticket. When the accounts department staff spotted the mismatched tickets, a probe was ordered. The railways thus unearthed several mismatched tickets issued through the Unreserved Ticketing System. The railways are now conducting a detailed check into the systems and account books.When railway officials pointed to the discrepancy in the numbers on the ticket at Tiptur and Chamarajapuram station, the booking clerks altered it manually. They clerks were suspended.A further probe brought to light that the fraud is rampant at Bhadravathi, Shimoga, Davanagere, Arsikere and other stations of Bangalore division. The booking clerks at Arsikere, Shimoga and Bhadravathi have been suspended and are likely to be transferred to other places pending an inquiry. The fraud is suspected to be around Rs 15 lakh.Last week supervisors were told how to identify or detect the fraud. The auditors will submit their report to the headquarters in Hubli. The probe is expected to be completed within three months.When TOI contacted Vinod Kumar, Divisional Railway manager, Mysore division, South Western Railway, he said that the incident came to light a few days ago. \"The auditors brought this to our notice and an investigation is on. More details will be revealed once our probe is complete,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14700186", "title": "The undying flame of truth", "text": "KOCHI: Karma Yeshi, the former vice- president of the Tibetan Youth Congress, announced the commencement of the 'Flame of Truth', a peaceful demonstration demanding autonomy for Tibet in Kochi.The convoy will begin on July 6, commemorating the 77th birthday of Dalai Lama and World Tibet Day, at three locations in India, namely, Leh, Shillong and Kochi and conclude in Delhi on December.The inauguration of the 'Flame of Truth' will take place at the residence of former Chief Justice of India, V R Krishna Iyer in Kochi at 11am. Along with the torch, a signature campaign will also be conducted to signify three demands; an independent fact finding delegation to Tibet organized by the United Nations , a singular discourse regarding the Tibet dispute at the UN and a special resolution incorporating the aspirations of the people of Tibet.The Flame of Torch is being organized by Friends of Tibet, an organization supporting the continued struggle of the Tibetan people for independence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14699319", "title": "Punjab govt honours Harike bravehearts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The beleaguered staff of forests and wildlife preservation department, deployed at Harike wildlife sanctuary, got a shot in the arm with the Punjab government publicly honouring the personnel injured by encroachers in June last. Three wildlife officials were seriously injured and three others, including police constable Resham Singh, had suffered minor injuries in an attack by elements of land mafia, backed by Gujjar nomads, on that day.The unarmed wildlife staff were accompanied by bare minimum police personnel, who often refuse to take along their service weapons and even declare that they do not have orders to fire. This was the third major attack on Harike's wildlife staff. An estimated 1,000 acres of the sanctuary is under encroachment from farmers, who wield insidious influence in political and police establishments, sources said.Punjab chief minister P S Badal honoured the staff -- forest guards Indervir Singh and Chinda Masih, boat driver Malkit Singh and daily wage labourer Binder Singh -- at the recent launch of Greening Punjab Mission at Fazilka. According to a press release from DFO (wildlife) at Harike, Sanjeev Tiwari, the CM \"honoured the staff for protection works, particularly fighting against land mafia and poachers, at Harike sanctuary''.Tiwari had, in fact, written to ADGP (security) demanding enhancement in security cover for staff engaged in fighting poachers and encroachers at Harike. \"Without regular police protection, attacks by land mafia have increased. Whenever the range in-charge and field staff try to prevent encroachment of sanctuary land, they are given threats. Since the staff do not have weapons, it is not possible to take action against poachers and land mafia. When the field staff tried to stop the Gujjars from encroaching, they attacked the field staff causing injuries to many of the staff,'' he had said. However, there has been no response yet from the security wing on Tiwari's requisition, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji/vasco", "code": "14699874", "title": "Furnace oil spills from Vasco tank", "text": "PANAJI/VASCO: Bogda, Sada in Vasco on Thursday morning, but sources said there was no immediate problem from the spillage.The spillage occurred while workers of the company, Ganesh Benzoplast Ltd, were trying to flush the storage tank, as required periodically due to the constant sludge formation along the tank's bottom.Sources said the workers tried to cover the spillage with mud, but citizens called up the Goa State Pollution Control Board, which sent a team to the site.The spilled oil could be seen on a patch extending about 15m while nothing more could be seen after the board's team reached the site, a source said. A GSPCB official said a detailed report is being prepared about the spillage.\"An explanation will be sought from the company for not reporting the matter as it is hazardous waste,\" a source said.The sludge is usually sent for recycling and as it was being sought to be buried, a show-cause notice will be issued to the company, sources said. The quantum of the furnace oil spilled from the tank could not be ascertained.The handling of furnace oil poses several problems, especially its flow from one place to another and also formation of sludge due to high content of sulfur and residual water. The particles cause deposition on the bottom and regular maintenance is required.\"As it is a big tank, the solid particles start accumulating over a period of time, which has to be flushed out,\" a source said.The spillage occurred while the flushing was under way.An official from Ganesh Benzoplast Ltd denied that there was any spillage. \"Rumours are being unnecessarily spread about the spillage,\" he told TOI, wishing not to be named.The port town has several vulnerable spots. Around 28 tanks are used for storing over 21,135 mt of volatile class A petroleum, 2,521 mt of class B and 34,704 mt of class C petroleum in the port town. A storage tank of aviation fuel is also located in Chicalim.The storage tank is located at the Headland at Bogda, not far from residential houses, a school and godown of the Food Corporation of India. \"It is about 500m outside the operational area of Mormugao Port Trust,\" a resident said.Ganesh Benzoplast Ltd has four storage tanks. As per their website, the capacity of liquid storage tanks in Goa is 26,000 KL.The company has plans to set up two more tanks, which are being opposed. Goa Pradesh Congress Committee general secretary Sankalp Amonkar has written to the company and the Goa government not to approve the project and to instead shift even the four existing tanks to safer sites. The four tanks had been constructed about eight years ago. Amonkar has alleged that the new tanks are barely 20m from the government primary school and 100m from residential houses.Around ten persons had lost their lives after leakage of naphtha in Mangor hill on August 19, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14696818", "title": "Surgically separated twin Aradhana dies of septicaemia, heart attacks", "text": "BHOPAL: Separated from her sibling by surgery just a fortnight ago, one of the Betul conjoined twins, Aradhana, passed away at 9.20pm on Thursday. Doctors treating the twins at the Padhar multi-speciality hospital in Betul where she was under observation said septicaemia combined with two heart attacks in two hours in the afternoon led to deterioration in her condition and eventually she breathed her last in the night.A team of 22 doctors from Australia and India separated the conjoined twins Stuti and Aradhana after 20 hours operation at the hospital on June 20. Stuti was responding well to the treatment post-operation, but Aradhana was on ventilator.Reports from Padhar Hospital said Aradhana suffered two heart attacks between 3pm and 5 pm on Thursday.Before the surgery, the two were joined from the chest to the hips. After the surgery, Aradhana's situation was never as stable as her twin Stuti, who showed signs of recovery. Their first birthday was celebrated on July 2.Separated from the twin sister she was born with, Aradhana spent most of her post-surgery days on the ventilator while Stuti showed positive signs of recovery and healing. But the first major disappointing news struck at 7:15pm on Thursday when Padhar Hospital issued a medical bulletin explaining that Aradhana was critical. \"Aradhana's condition is serious. She is on the ventilator, running temperature due to septicaemia,\" the medical bulletin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14699019", "title": "24 colleges still have BA seats; cutoffs dip up to 5%", "text": "NEW DELHI: The icing on the cake of the fourth cutoff list is the BA programme which is open for admissions in general category across 24 colleges with dips in cutoffs of up to 5 percentage points. SRCC principal P C Jain said the college has 62 seats in Economics (H). \"By the end of the third list, admissions and withdrawal the college has been left with 65 students of which around a dozen are from science background. By past experience these students leave for professional courses like engineering and medicine, which is why we had to reopen in the fourth list.\"Withdrawals have been one of the major reasons for BCom (H) remaining open in colleges like Hans Raj and reopening in Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College. The highest decrease of 2 percentage points has been recorded at Zakir Husain (evening) with its cutoff ranging from 83% to 88%. The highest cutoff now for BCom (honours) in the fourth list is at Hans Raj with 96% to 98%, a decrease of 0.25 percentage point.Two courses which are open in a significant number of colleges are BCom and BA programme. BCom is open in 21 colleges, including Kamla Nehru, Dayal Singh, Sri Venkateswara, Ramjas and Maitreyi. In fact Maitreyi along with Zakir Husain (evening) recorded the highest dip in cutoff for this course with a decrease of 3.5%.Nearly half the colleges offering BA programme continued admission in the fourth list, including colleges like Delhi College of Arts and Commerce, Sri Venkateswara, Zakir Husain (evening), Deen Dayal Upadhyaya and SGTB Khalsa. The highest cutoff for BA programme has been recorded at SGTB Khalsa with 82% to 87% followed by Sri Venkateswara with 80% to 91%. Zakir Husain (evening) has the lowest as well as the largest range with a cutoff of 45% to 65%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14697999", "title": "House boats, hotels follow Jamaat diktat", "text": "SRINAGAR: While tweeting J&K; chief minister Omar Abdullah chose to remain silent on the Jamaat-e-Islami's dress code for foreign tourists, houseboat owners and hoteliers in Kashmir on Thursday, who would have no choice, put up prominent notices asking tourists to dress-up fairly while in Kashmir.President of houseboat owners association Abdul Azim Tuman told TOI that he had asked all members to display the advisory in every houseboat and even requested hoteliers to display similar notes. \"The advisory asks tourists to dress-up fairly while staying in Kashmir, which will be in line with the local customs and tradition,\" Tuman said. Showkat Chowdhary, president of hotel and restaurant association, said its members would meet on Saturday to \"discuss\" the issue of dress code for tourists as desired by J&K; Jamaat-e-Islami. Refusing to elaborate any further, he said the outcome of the meeting would be communicated to the media.On the other hand, president of Kashmir Chamber of Commerce and Industries, Abdul Hamid Punjabi, said, \"We cannot dictate dress code. Perhaps tourists are already aware of the sensitivities of Kashmiri society and its dress code.\" The Jamaat-e-Islami had asked tourists to not wear skimpy clothes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "the fifth season of 'khatron ke khiladi' will not be hosted by khiladi kumar but bollywood's other action hero ajay devgn. reason", "code": "14710466", "title": "Ajay Devgn replaces Akshay on 'Khatron Ke Khiladi'", "text": "The fifth season of 'Khatron Ke Khiladi' will not be hosted by Khiladi Kumar but Bollywood's other action hero Ajay Devgn. Reason: Akshay has blocked his dates for the new entrant in his family.According to reports, Akshay Kumar turned down the show as wife Twinkle is expecting their second child around the same time of the show. However Akshay won't be seen in Season 5.There were buzz of John Abraham or Ajay Devgn to replace Akshay Kumar on the show but now it seems the channel has zeroed in on Ajay Devgn. John is busy shooting back to back for Shootout At Wadala , Race 2 , Shoojit Sircar's next and Farah Khan's Happy New Year .Finally the makers of Khatron Ke Khiladi signed Ajay who is known for his action image. And we have no doubts that Ajay Devgn is the right replacement to host the celebrity stunt show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702767", "title": "Aryan Makhija swims to national record", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai lad Aryan Makhija continued to make waves after his record breaking feat in the Singapore swimming meet, as he set a national record in the boys group III200m freestyle race in the 29th Sub Junior National Aquatic Championships and Age Group National Diving Championships held at Rajkot.The Khar Gymkhana boy clocked 2:14.75, erasing Yudhistar Jaisingh's 2007 record of 2:15:58.Aryan also bagged gold in 100m freestyle, silver in the 100m butterfly and 200m individual medley events.Maharashtra garnered 322 points after collecting 14 gold, 17 silver and 13 bronze medalsto quell a strong challenge from Karnataka to retain the Overall Team Championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14699906", "title": "Awards to recognize city brands", "text": "COIMBATORE: Firms in the city can attain new heights by branding themselves, said C K Ranganathan, the Chief Managing Director of Cavinkare. He was speaking at a function organised at the Le Meridein Hotel to give away the 'Brand Coimbatore Ambassador Awards' presented jointly by the Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( ICCI), Coimbatore and the Advertising Club of Coimbatore to city brands who have created a brand identity.\"Many firms in the city can achieve iconic status, instead of being sub contractors and suppliers,\" he said. After the economic reforms many had feared that the opening up of markets would destabilise them. However, many Indian firms have been able to earn a share in the global market. This shows that more than wealth, the power of ideas is what matters, he saidN Krishnakumar from the advertising club said that their goal is to take 50 firms from the city to the national level in the coming years. The awards are meant to brand various firms which have attained identifiable status.The recipients of the awards said that the city has several opportunities waiting to be tapped. Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu, Managing Director, LMW who received the award said that there were many sectors in the industry which were waiting to be explored. L Gopalakrishnan Managing Trustee PSG and Son's Charities said that their educational institutions have become an identifiable name. Dr S Rajasabapathy, who received the award for Ganga Hospital said that the city hospitals can attract more patients from around the world. \"Doctors from across the world are coming to the city on a regular basis for training. The facilities and advantages should be branded among the patients too,\" he said.B. Soundararajan, the MD of Suguna Foods said that there is more scope in the food industry. They will be diversifying their products, he said. Coimbatore District Industries Small Scale Industries Association (CODISSIA), for the trade fairs Dr C Palanivelu a laparoscopic surgeon from the GEM Hospital was also one of the awardees for his contributions in the health sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703917", "title": "Members dismayed at CBI chargesheet", "text": "MUMBAI: Many Adarsh members on Thursday expressed dismay at the CBI's decision to file a chargesheet in the case.\"The building has no irregularities. We have followed all building bylaws,\" said Ashok Patel, whose son Bhavesh owns a flat in the highrise. \"I believe it is a conspiracy raked up by some activists and officials, who did not get flats in Adarsh. Nevertheless, we are sure we will get justice.\"Another member claimed there was nothing on record to show that the land on which Adarsh stands today belongs to the defence ministry or that it was allotted to the society illegally. \"I have read land revenue rules. It is clear that reclaimed land belongs to the state,\" he said. \"Also, the army cannot occupy or possess any land that is not in its own name and, even if they do, it is temporary and for some activity.\"According to many members, the society was dragged into a controversy not over land ownership but because of an internal dispute over the control of the managing committee (MC). \"Some civilian members wanted to take control of the MC. Holding a majority in the MC would have allowed them to negotiate lease of two floors for personal gains,\" a member said. Currently, the majority in managing committee is with members with defence background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14696955", "title": "BSES to pay for using East corporation parks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power distribution company BSES will now have to shell out money for transformers installed in parks belonging to East Delhi Municipal Corporation. The civic body has decided to collect rent from the company for using its parks.Commissioner of the corporation S S Yadav said that the move will help the agency generate more revenue. At present, the corporation is not charging anything from power distribution companies, he said at the standing committee meeting. However, the rent amount is yet to be fixed by PWD.Standing committee chairman Mehek Singh said, \"Power distribution companies should get their transformers legalized and pay us for using parks for commercial purposes. If they fail to do so, we will ask them to remove the transformers.\"Claiming to be ignorant of the proposal, BSES officials said they have not discussed the issue of paying rent. They said the 70 'illegal' transformers were already in place when power was privatized. \"For new connections, permission is taken from the land owning agency,\" said a BSES spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702457", "title": "Guard arrested for 'raping' 3-year-old", "text": "MUMBAI: A security guard was arrested by the Versova police for allegedly raping a 3-year-old girl on Wednesday evening.The accused, Sonu Verma (25), had taken the girl near the shore behind a slum in Versova and was caught in the act by the girl's parents. Later, the accused was handed over to the Versova police.Verma works as a security guard at a club in Oshiwara and lives in Seven Bungalows, Andheri. An inquiry has been ordered into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698170", "title": "Haryana bid to curb realtors\u2019 say in town plans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana government has woken up lately to check the practice of private developers and builders influencing the final Master Plan of cities and towns in the state. On Thursday, the government issued an order prohibiting the town and country planning department (DTCP), which has the mandate to issue licences for realty development, to entertain any application for licence until the final plans are notified.Now, the department accepts applications for licence after notification of the draft development plans in the official gazette and also grants licences before the publication of final development plans. In the past, the state government had been accused of exploiting this provision to bring major land use change in the final plan in comparison to the draft development plans.Government sources said that there have been instances, where the land use has been changed in the final master plan like from agricultural to residential or agricultural to commercial. \"Invariably, the government would claim that the change was necessary since licences were issued for large portion of the said patch of land. It had become a normal practice. While developers made huge profit because of these changes, the worst sufferers were farmers who were forced to sell land at lesser price. The developer would encash the fear of farmers that their land would be acquired or can be used only for agricultural purpose,\" said an official in the country planning department.However, the government in its notification claimed that the changes were necessary, \"Taking into account the fact that the draft development plan is notified primarily for the purpose of inviting objections from public at large and several changes are possible in the draft development plans at the time of publication of final development plan.\"It said that to avoid legal complications arising out of any such change at the time of publication of the final development plan, the date of publication of the final development plans of hyper and high potential towns like Gurgaon, Faridabad, Sonipat, Panchkula would be fixed as the effective date for acceptance and consideration of licence applications.However, in towns or urban areas falling in medium and low potential zones, the date of publication of draft development plan will be the effective date for acceptance and consideration of licence applications.Surprisingly, the government has come out with the new policy after it has notified development plans for 2021 for most of the important cities in the state that hold huge commercial interest for private developers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14708713", "title": "SC quashes CBI probe against Mayawati in disproportionate assets case", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a relief for Mayawat, the Supreme Court on Friday said that there was no material evidence against the BSP chief in the alleged disproportionate assets case against her.The apex court said it had never asked the CBI to investigate Mayawati's alleged disproportionate assets while ordering registration of FIR into Rs 17 crore Taj Heritage Corridor scam.\"The CBI should not have lodged disproportionate assets case against Mayawati as there was no direction regarding it from this court,\" the SC bench observed.The apex court quashed the FIR lodged by the CBI in the DA case against Mayawati terming it as illegal.The CBI had lodged 2 FIRs, one in Taj Heritage Corridor scam and the other against Mayawati.Mayawati had filed a petition in May 2008, seeking quashing of the criminal proceedings against her in the DA case, lodged by the CBI over eight years ago. She had alleged it was an act of political vendetta against her.A bench headed by P Sathasivam had reserved its judgment on May 1 after two-hour-long hearing during which the former Uttar Pradesh chief minister had accused the CBI of \"fixing\" the DA case against her, a charge refuted by the agency.Mayawati had said the bench should direct the CBI to consider the aspect of order passed by the Income Tax Tribunal holding that her income was genuine and the order had also been upheld by the Delhi high court.The CBI had said there was \"ample evidence\" to show that she had amassed wealth disproportionate to her known sources of income. Mayawati had claimed she had received the money as donations from party workers.Mayawati welcomes SC order, thanks workers for standing behind herWelcoming the Supreme Court order quashing the disproportionate assets case against her, BSP supremo Mayawati on Friday thanked party workers for standing behind her for the past nine years without getting perturbed by opposition forces.\"On this occasion I would thank party workers all over the country for standing by me solidly and patiently despite ups and downs in the past nine to ten years and lending me support\", the former Uttar Pradesh chief minister told reporters after the court order.\"The workers did not get perturbed and kept their struggle on as they knew that 'behenji' is dedicated to take ahead the message from the life struggles of Babasaheb Ambedkar and Kashi Ram,\" she said.\"They also did not get perturbed by opposition forces bent upon creating hurdles and dedicatedly stood by me\", she said, adding that she was also thankful to the apex court for \"hearing our right claim and for giving us justice\".Earlier in the day, the Supreme Court quashed a nine-year-long disproportionate assets case against her and pulled up the CBI for initiating the probe against her without specific directions from the court. The apex court said that the method adopted by the CBI was \"unwarranted\" and the agency proceeded against her without properly understanding its orders passed in the Taj Corridor scamSoon after the court order, celebrations broke out at the BSP office here with cadres distributing sweets.(With PTI inputs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14701693", "title": "Madurai's only boat club shut down temporarily", "text": "MADURAI: The Naganakulam Boat Club, which was inaugurated recently, was temporarily closed down as the water level receded in the dock area. Though officials said it was only a temporary closure, sources said the chances of reopening it appear unlikely due to lack of commercial sustainability. The boat club was opened in February after the previous collector, U Sagayam wanted to provide an entertainment segment in the recently desilted tank at Naganakulam. Due to lack of sufficient entertainment spots in the city, boat club was considered a good option,But unfortunately it could not pick momentum due to lack of patronage from the public.Initially, three pedal boats and a rowing boat were pressed into service, which was operated by the Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation (TTDC). On February 26, state tourism minister, Gokula Indira inaugurated a mechanised boat service in the tank. But in a couple of months, the mechanised boat was removed from the tank as there were not many visitors and the remaining boats were taken out on Monday after the water level receded in the dock area due to the intense summer.Officials pointed out that the boat club could not be sustained commercially due to lack of visitors. \"The tank should have other facilities like parks, walking pavements, benches etc so that all sort of people visit the tank. The club had few visitors in the evenings as the summer heat was intense but there were not many trees to provide shelter to them,\" they said. N David Prabakar, manager, TTDC, said the boat club was temporarily closed due to reducing water levels in the tank and they will reconsider opening it again after the monsoons.Meanwhile, Vandiyur tank, adjacent to the city limits in Anna Nagar is considered to be one of the viable options for the boat club. Tourism officials said the area near the tank is a residential area and there is also a walkers club in the bank making it a perfect place for boating option.District collector, Anshul Mishra, said that there is a proposal for the development of Vandiyur tank and a boat club in the tank can be considered after studying funding options. \"Madurai needs entertainment spots and boat club is a good option. We will consider Vandiyur tank for the proposal,\" he said. \"We will also consider planting trees in the banks of Naganakulam tank and other possible options to beautify the tank so that the boating will be viable in future. We can also work out a memorial tree planting option for this purpose,\" he mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14700850", "title": "Karnatak University to conduct lecturers' interview again", "text": "DHARWAD: In the wake of complaints of irregularities in the selection of candidates to work as guest/assistant lecturers in Karnataka College, Dharwad, the Karnatak University has decided to conduct interviews afresh. KU vice-chancellor H B Walikar said he had come to know about the alleged irregularities through media reports and hence ordered for fresh interview. The documents and testimonials of all the candidates will be verified again, the VC said. The committee will hold a screening test for the candidates at Syndicate hall on July 6 and 8.PU courses The University Public School, which will celebrate its golden jubilee next year, will start pre-university courses from this academic year. Walikar said on Thursday that the P U college will impart education in arts, science and commerce streams. The college will have well-equipped classrooms, full-fledged library and laboratory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14701437", "title": "Sangma to meet CEC with complaint against Pranab", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition-backed presidential candidate P A Sangma will meet the chief election commissioner on July 7 to complain against the returning officer's order rejecting his demand to dismiss Pranab Mukherjee's candidature on the ground that he held an office of profit.BJP leader S S Ahluwalia, who is representing his party in Sangma's campaign committee, said the opposition was not satisfied with the verdict given by returning officer V K Agnihotri. After a meeting on Thursday, Sangma's election campaign committee has decided to take the matter to the CEC.The RO had said he was convinced that Mukherjee had quit as chairman of Indian Statistical Institute (ISI) on June 20 as claimed by him. BJP maintains Mukherjee's resignation letter and his signature on it are fabricated.\"We are going to the CEC with the complaint as under Article 324 of the Constitution, the authority of superintendence of polls lies with the EC,\" Ahluwalia said.\"The order of the RO is not complete in itself. All disputes and issues which we had been raised should have been dealt with by the RO as per Rule 5(E). But the RO has gone by the advise of Mukherjee's representative (Pawan Bansal) that this should be dealt with under Part III of the Constitution on president and vice-president,\" he told reporters.A delegation comprising Sangma and some BJP leaders will meet CEC V S Sampath on Saturday to file a complaint against the RO and the order issued by him.This was decided after a two-hour meeting at leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj's residence. The option for going to court has been kept open. The meeting was attended by Sushma Swaraj, Ahluwalia, Ananth Kumar , Janata Party leader Subramanian Swamy and Satpal Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14697463", "title": "Arjuna awards nomination date extended", "text": "BANGALORE: The union sports ministry has extended the deadline for sports awards to July 20. The move seems to be an attempt to accommodate the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) but ministry sources were quick to dispel the notion, saying letters stating the extension of the last date had been sent to all national sports federations.\"We are sure BCCI will benefit from our move. But we did not act because BCCI missed out on our earlier deadline. There was a similar hint from another federation and so we decided to give all national bodies another chance to nominate the best of their players. We did not want anybody good enough to miss out,\" sources told TOI.Asked whether the extended deadline would affect the scrutiny of nominations and the finalization of names for the awards, the sources said that there wouldn't be any delay. Earlier, agencies quoted a BCCI official as saying that the last date for Arjuna awards had been extended. \"The joint secretary in the ministry, Mukul Chatterjee personally called up to inform that the last date for filing the nomination has been extended till July 20. After the telephonic conversation, the BCCI has also received a fax stating the same from the ministry,\" agencies quoted the official as saying.In April, BCCI had claimed that it had missed the deadline as ministry officials had not sent the nomination forms. The ministry denied it, leading to a war of words. The official confirmed that BCCI would file nominations. \"Whatever miscommunication existed is a thing of past now. Obviously, we will be filing nominations. The BCCI president, secretary and the national selectors will assess as to who is the most eligible candidate for the award,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14699272", "title": "3 injured as starred hotel's false ceiling collapses", "text": "MARGAO: Three persons, including two foreigners, escaped with minor injuries, after a portion of a false ceiling of a starred beach resort at Cavelossim, Mobor, gave way, Wednesday morning.The injured were guests at \"Haathi Mahal\" and were in the hotel lobby when the incident occurred. Nabi Subbarao and Laila Usha P Nabi, residents of USA, and KD Agarwal from Nashik, Maharashtra, sustained some injuries on their shoulders and knees, and were rushed to a private hospital in Panzarconi, Cuncolim for treatment. Police sources said the injuries were simple in nature and all three were discharged after being administered medical treatment.Dy SP Mohan Naik said renovation work was underway at the hotel when the incident occurred. \"Labourers were engaged in repairing and relaying the false ceiling made of plaster of paris (PoP) in the hotel lobby, when a portion of it collapsed... Colva police have registered an offence against the project manager, project engineer and project supervisor of the hotel under Sections 336 and 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the IPC,\" Naik said.PI Nilesh Rane, in charge of Colva police station, is conducting further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14699220", "title": "Shack owners war likely over govt 5-year licence", "text": "PANAJI: A war between rival shack associations is on the cards even before the commencement of the tourism season. The government's alleged intention to grant shack owners a licence for a period between 3 and 5 years is the bone of contention.Goan Traditional Shack Owners Association (TGTSOA) hopes the government will continue with the annual lottery system to grant licences, and claims that genuine shack owners will be out of business for 3-5 years if the new policy is introduced.On Monday, a TGTSOA delegation, led by its president Manuel Cardoz, met tourism minister Dilip Parulekar and raised apprehensions over the government's alleged intention to implement the long-term shack licences.\"We told the tourism minister that if an experienced shack owner lost at the lottery, he or she would be out of business for the next three to five years. We, experienced shack owners, are totally dependent on this business for our livelihood,\" TGTSOA member Lourenco Fernandes said.\"Those who are solely dependent on the shack business can survive for a year if they are left out. But, they will be left to starve if the government goes ahead and gives out long-term shack licences. We want the government to stick to the lottery system, which does not discriminate against shack owners having different levels of experience,\" he added.TGTSOA also asked the tourism minister to crack down on shack owners subletting their shacks after obtaining a licence to run the business.Rival association, shack owners welfare society (SOWS)-Goa is backing the government's move to grant long-term licences and hopes the new policy will grant licences to experienced shack owners only.\"We met Parulekar and chief minister Manohar Parrikar and we accept long-term shack licences as it will benefit genuine shack owners. There are cases of newcomers who sublet their shacks and no newcomer should be entertained. The lottery system should be abolished,\" SOWS general secretary John Lobo said. Tourism minister Parulekar was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14698993", "title": "Leopardess at Somnath Camp to get larger enclosure", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The female leopard kept in small cage for the last three-and-a-half years at Somnath Camp run by Maharogi Seva Samiti in Mul tehsil is all set to get a new lease of life. The forest department has decided to shift this leopardess to a larger enclosure at Moharli near TATR.The man-animal conflict in villages on the fringes of forest areas in Mul tehsil was at its peak between December 2008 and January 2009. Tiger and leopards in Mul range had killed at least two villagers in December 2008 in Mul tehsil and injured a few others. Forest officials had undertaken extensive caging during these two months and trapped three leopards within 20 days in Mul range. The unfortunate leopardess caged on January 7, 2009, was the third among the captured leopards and was moved to Somnath Camp.The two beasts captured before the leopardess were moved to the safety of spacious cages at a rescue centre at Wadali in Amravati district. However, the fate of the third leopardess remained undecided and she was kept in a small cage measuring 4X10 foot in size. Now, she has spent almost three-and-a-half years in the small cage at Somnath Camp.The forest department has, however, taken good care of her feeding and spent nearly Rs2 lakh per year on her food and caretaking.\"As the leopardess had grown habitual to humans, she could not be released into the wild. Unfortunately, there are no takers for this leopardess. We have asked every zoo in Maharashtra to take this beast, but none want it. Even our request to Central Zoo Authority got no response,\" said DCF Chandrapur forest division P Kalyankumar.However, it appears that the dark days of the unfortunate leopardess are coming to an end. Forest officers have decided to move the leopardess to more spacious confinement at Moharli. \"We have built a large enclosure at Moharli and the leopardess at Somnath Camp will be transferred to it within a couple of weeks. It is a quite large enclosure and the leopardess will have enough space to stretch and move around,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699222", "title": "Fly over Lucknow's 3 congestion points", "text": "LUCKNOW: Traffic snarls near Isabella Thoburn College, Purania and Daliganj may soon become a thing of the past if plans of the state government are anything to go by. The Lucknow Development Authority on Thursday gave its official nod and sent a proposal to the state government for construction of flyover/railway over bridge at the three congestion points.The development came exactly three weeks after a team of officials from LDA, district administration and UP Bridge Corporation carried out an exhaustive survey of the areas and submitted its report to the state government.While, the IT crossing will have a flyover, the other two junctions will have a railway over bridge. LDA vice-chairman, Dr Rajnish Dubey said, \"The construction work on the said projects will start as soon as they are cleared by the state government.\" LDA, meanwhile, is examining the possibilities of another ROB at Arjunganj on Sultanpur Road.IT COLLEGE CROSSING: Commuters on way from University Road to Kapoorthala and beyond may look forward to zoom past over a new two-lane flyover that will stretch over IT College crossing for a distance of approximately 710 metres. According to an estimate of the UP Bridge Corporation, the structure will cost the state exchequer around Rs 33.60 crore.The flyover is proposed to begin from a point near the residence of LU's vice-chancellor and is likely to merge on the existing railway over bridge that connects Niralanagar and Kapoorthala. According to the proposal the flyover, in fact, covers 80 metres of the existing ROB, while the rest will have to be demolished. The project, therefore, will require a no-objection certificate from the Railways. Officials said that there will be sufficient space underneath the flyover for commuters on way to Niralanagar from Ram Krishna Math trisection, and also for those moving from University Road towards Babuganj and Daliganj.DALIGANJ CROSSING: The ROB proposed at Daliganj crossing will stretch from Niralanagar-Daliganj trisection near railway crossing to merge at Sitapur Road. The flyover, which is proposed to stretch for a distance of nearly 690 metres, will pave way for to-and-fro movement of vehicles between Sitapur Road and Niralanagar and Daliganj. The ROB will be an L-shaped three lane structure with no divider. LDA officials said that a provision for demarcating the three lanes will be made.This flyover has been a long pending demand of the people of Daliganj and Niralanagar, as they face massive traffic snarls because of the railway crossing. In fact, it has been one of the poll promises of Abhishek Misra who contested as SP candidate from Lucknow (North) and is now minister protocol in Akhilesh Yadav government. According to an estimate prepared by UP Bridge Corporation, the ROB will come up at a cost of around Rs 26.75 crore.PURANIA CROSSING: Just like in case of Daliganj, the ROB proposed at Purania crossing will be an L-shaped structure. According to UP Bridge Corporation, the structure will stretch for a distance of around 660 metres and will connect Aliganj with Sitapur Road. This ROB will be a four-laned one and will cost the state exchequer around Rs 50.5 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14701370", "title": "Two govt officials caught taking bribe", "text": "VADODARA: Two government officials were detained by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) sleuths for accepting bribe worth Rs 10,000 on Thursday afternoon. One of the accused, K S Chaudhary, is a class I officer in state transport official while another accused Mukesh Mochi is assistant traffic inspector. According to the ACB officials, they had received a complaint from Ajaysinh Rathod, who is an assistant traffic inspector in divisional ST office.According to the complaint, a departmental inquiry was on against Rathod for quite some time. \"Some routes on Padra had closed down and Rathod was blamed for it. A departmental inquiry was initiated against him and Chaudhary was conducting the inquiry. During the course of inquiry, Chaudhary demanded Rs 20,000 from Rathod for ending the inquiry,\" said the ACB officials.Chaudhary told Rathod some days ago that if he doesn't pay up, he would be either demoted to driver's position or suspended from his services. Rathod pleaded and told Chaudhary that he couldn't arrange for so much money. But Chaudhary insisted Rathod to pay up. On June 29, Rathod again met Chaudhary in connection with the inquiry. \"Chaudhary again asked Rathod to pay money. He demanded Rs 12,500 towards first installment and then settled for Rs 10,000,\" said S K Patel, senior police inspector, ACB, Vadodara.Chaudhary asked Rathod to hand over money to Mukesh Mochi. On July 2, Rathod approached the ACB that set a trap on Thursday afternoon at the divisional office of ST in Race Course. Mochi was caught red-handed while accepting the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14700023", "title": "Nigerians arrested for overstaying", "text": "CALANGUTE: Calangute police on Thursday arrested two Nigerians for overstaying in the state without valid documents.PI Nolasco Raposo said a team led by him was conducting routine patrolling when they noticed two Nigerians moving suspiciously near the Sao Joao Baptista chapel, Umtavaddo, Calangute.On questioning, they were found to be staying without valid documents, and one of them had a forged visa.The police have booked Maduabuchi Peace Agu, 27, for overstaying under Section 7 (1) (3) of the Foreigners Order 1948 r/w Section 14 of Foreigners Act 1946.Friday Osita Onyekwe, 33, found with the forged visa, was booked under IPC Sections 468, 471 and 420 and 7 (1) (3) of the Foreigners Order 1948 r/w section 14 of Foreigners Act 1946 for using fake visa and overstaying.The duo have been arrested and are presently in police lock-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14702530", "title": "12-yr-old girl found hanging from fan", "text": "THANE: A 12-year-old girl, Mansi Rasal, was found dead inside her home at Chandanwadi, Thane on Thursday.Police suspect it could be a case of suicide as the girl was found hanging from the ceiling fan.According to the police, Rasal was a student of Class VIII and was said to be alone in the house.Her parents returned home from work at 7pm, to find their daughter dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700464", "title": "Leech goes missing from under-graduate zoology syllabus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The concrete jungle has sucked the life out of the leech. Leeches, the blood-sucking worms which were an integral part of the under-graduate zoology syllabus at Gujarat University affiliated science colleges has not been given out for dissection to second year students.This is because heavy construction activity has left few fresh water ponds where the leech can be found in large enough numbers to be supplied to colleges. College authorities say that the supply of leeches has become highly unreliable forcing them to cut the dissection out of the syllabus.\"Leech dissection has been removed from the second year zoology syllabus as there is hardly any supply of leeches. Official suppliers tell us that fresh water ponds which were earlier found aplenty around Ahmedabad and Vadodara district have now gone missing due to heavy construction activity. There is some stock of leeches available during the monsoon for the past two-three years, but they are not available on a regular basis,\" said Dr Pratima Joshi, senior professor of zoology at MG College of Science.Professor of zoology at Maninagar College of Science A R Mehsariya also said that leech has been taken off the syllabus due to availability issues. \"We use computer models and virtual simulation to give students an idea of the body parts of the leech but dissection is no more possible,\" he said.Head of GU zoology department Dr M V Rao said leeches are no more part of the syllabus as they are no longer available throughout the year because of vanishing water bodies. \"There is no point if we allow students to dissect the leech and then it is not available during the exam,\" he said.Dr Rao said that preserved samples of leech are available but they are not useful in dissection as the blood has coagulated and the body of the leech has hardened which is difficult to dissect.Only earthworms and some fish available for dissectionAhmedabad: Professors of zoology said the syllabus for dissection has been severely limited on legal, ethical and availability grounds. Currently, earthworms and sharks are the only animals offered for dissection to second year students. In the third year, zoology students are allowed dissection of starfish, sepia and shark.Sea fish are readily available in the market and colleges have also introduced a fresh water fish, Laveo, in the syllabus. Interestingly, cockroach, which is readily found in homes and dirty workplaces, has been excluded from the syllabus in most colleges as suppliers charge a hefty Rs 35 per cockroach during the exams!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700843", "title": "Rajkot man hangs himself in Ahmedabad hotel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 43-year-old man from Rajkot was found hanging from the ceiling of his room in a city hotel on Thursday.The man, later identified as Ashok Chavda, a Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) employee, cited pressure from his superiors at workplace as the main reason in his suicide note. Kagdapith police officials said that staff from Hotel Miracle informed them about the incident at 1.30 pm on Thursday.\"Chavda checked into the hotel on Wednesday evening. While checking in he told the staffers that he was out for a fortnight and would stay at the hotel for some days. However, once he locked himself in the room, he did not come out for hours,\" police said.\"When he did not answer any calls from the reception or open the door for the room service on Thursday, the staff became suspicious and opened the door with a duplicate key to find him hanging. Chavda used bed sheet to hang himself,\" said an investigating official.Considering Chavda's suicide note, police believe it to be the reason for the crime and have contacted his family members to know more detail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700585", "title": "CID team returns from Maha probe into VV Lakshminarayana\u2019s call data record leak", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Crime Investigation Department (CID) team returned on Thursday from Maharashtra after conducting a probe into leakage of CBI joint director VV Lakshminarayana's call data record (CDR). The officials questioned a senior Maharashtra police officer besides the authorities of a detective agency.However, CID officials are tight-lipped about the issue. It is learnt that the Crime Investigation Department team visited Nanded, where they recorded the statement of an IPS officer suspected to have been used by a detective agency from Nagpur, to collect CDR of Lakshminarayana without revealing the identity of the mobile phone user.The CID officials also questioned representatives of the Nagpur-based detective agency. One of the employees of the detective agency used his friendship with Nanded SP, stating that he needed to know the CDR of a number in connection with a case.The IPS officer forwarded the number to Maharashtra BSNL officials, who in turn contacted their counterparts in AP.The BSNL AP circle officials instead of providing the details to their Maharashtra branch gave the CDR directly to the Nanded police. The team after returning to Hyderabad briefed senior CID officers about the developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14704051", "title": "Official approval for prosecuting bureaucrats vital for Adarsh case", "text": "MUMBAI: The chargesheet in the Adarsh case filed, the focus will now shift to the special CBI court hearing the case. But the process, le gal experts warned, may not be totally unwrinkled for public prosecutors. Two of the 13 accused are suspended civil servants\u2014Jairaj Phatak and Pradeep Vyas\u2014who can be prosecuted only after an official sanction has been given.The Prevention of Corruption Act's section 19 mandates that an investigating agency take the government's approval before trying a bureaucrat in service. The CBI says it has sought sanction to prosecute Vyas and Phatak, though the nod is yet to come.Another difficulty in the path of the prosecution could be the Criminal Procedure Code's section 197. The section requires that an investigating agency seek official consent before prosecuting a retired civil servant for offences under the Indian Penal Code. Since the chargesheet says that all 13 accused were part of a criminal conspiracy, it is possible that the court may ask the CBI for sanctions even under section 197 of the CrPC.Legal experts said the government sanctions might take a long time coming. The approval has to be given by an authority empowered to remove the accused bureaucrat from service from the post held at the time of commission of the alleged offence. And for this, the authority has to go through all the case papers.According to the Central Vi g i l a n c e Commission, as of May 31, 2012, there were 21 cases under PC Act against public servants where sanctions were pending for over four months.On Wednesday, a delay in official sanction in a 20-year-old case made the Supreme Court stay a criminal trial against Congress leader C K Jaffer Sharief. This, despite the SC slamming the government in January for a hold-up in granting an approval; it then set a three-month deadline.Senior criminal lawyer Mahesh Jethmalani said, \"By the time the case is ready for trial, the sanction may be issued. The trial, however, can proceed against the others.\" Lawyer Aabad Ponda agreed: \"Cognizance is against the case, not accused.\"Others, however, said the court could wait for the sanctions if they are expected soon. Veteran advocate Shrikant Bhat said, \"Absence of sanctions creates no legal bar in proceeding against the co-accused. But practically speaking, it would weaken the case against the others.\"Legal experts cautioned the Adarsh trial may not be swift since several accused are likely to challenge a number of legal points and seek relief against prosecution. Such applications would be heard first and orders might be contested all the way to the Supreme Court.The road aheadOnce the case is assigned to a judge, all the accused named in the chargesheet will be summoned and have to appear before courtThose not arrested yet, such as former chief minister Ashok Chavan , have to surrender and seek a bail bond, which the court may grant if the CBI does not seek their custodyOnce a chargesheet is filed, it generally means an agency's investigation is complete and the custody of an accused is not important or necessary, say legal experts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14703240", "title": "Pricey vegetables leave people grumbling", "text": "VARANASI: The scarcity of vegetables in the markets has made the sabzi mandis look deserted. The increasing prices would add to the problems of the people for a few more days.According to district horticulture officer Jyoti Singh, the main reason for the scarcity of vegetables is the prolonged summer season. \"Monsoon also contributes to the production of vegetables as far as water content is concerned but its role in production becomes secondary as more than 60 per cent cultivated area of the district is irrigated via tubewells, canals or other sources of water,\" he said.The average temperature of the region during this summer was around 43 degree Celsius to 45 degree Celsius. The high temperature aborts the flower's ovary and hampers fruit setting in plants and decreases production. Vegetables in kharif and zayad season, specially brinjal, lady finger, parval, pumpkin, cucumber and others have suffered due to this reason. \"Even if the cultivation area is properly irrigated, lack of mositure due to delayed monsoon makes the vegetables fibrous and decreases the juicy content,\" he added.\"The average consumption of vegetable by a person should be 400 grams while as per the present production, only 180 grams could be consumed by one person each day,\" he said.According to Prahlad, a vegetable seller at Vidyapeeth road, the cost of parval has increased to Rs 60 per kg while the green chilly selling for Rs 100 per kg are no longer been given free of cost with vegetables.\"Earlier Rs 50 to Rs 60 was enough to spend at a sabzi mandi. At present if you do not have Rs 150 to Rs 200 in hand, you will not get same amount of vegetables,\" a housewife at Chowkaghat area said. Another housewife said at Pandeypur that all the seasonal vegetables are costly and not as good in taste as before. The restaurants, eating joints and catering services are also confirming a similar situation. According to a caterer, although the wedding season this year was very short, there is immense shortage of vegetables this month.A woman who runs a tiffin service for working girls and students at Durgakund said: \"My customers complain that I am not providing them different vegetables. I charge Rs 25 per meal and it is not possible to meet the cost. Very often I try to cook rajma, mixed daal, curries, kachhauri and other cuisines instead of regular meals,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14702891", "title": "More rain in coming days: Met", "text": "PATNA: This is good news for the people of the state in general and farmers in particular. Monsoon is now active in Bihar with prediction that it would be stronger in days to come. The rain that lashed the state capital throughout Thursday provided the Patnaites respite from heat and humidity prevailing in the state for the last couple of months.Patna Met director D C Gupta said, \"Finally, monsoon has picked up the speed as it has become strong now. In the next 48 hours, it is expected that the state will receive good amount of rainfall.\"Gupta attributed the monsoon gaining strength in the state after a lull of around 20 days to the upper cyclonic circulation extending up to mid tropospheric levels over Bihar and neighbouring Jharkhand , tilting southward with height. He said more rain will follow in the coming days.The Met director said the Thursday rain occurred due to the easterly wind blowing over the region, which attained requisite height needed for rain to occur, a factor which was so far eluding the state. With convective clouds hovering over Bihar, rain is predicted throughout the week. The Met department has predicted cloudy weather on Friday and heavy rain with chances of thunderstorm on Saturday.Patna received 14mm of rainfall till Thursday morning with 20-40mm of rain pouring till late evening. The rain brought much respite to the farmers who were worried about the prospects of their paddy cultivation due to poor monsoon. The dry spells had triggered fear in the government circles. Bihar faced severe drought in 2009-10 and the entire state was declared drought-hit.An official in the state agriculture department , A C Jain, said Thursday's rain was very useful for the paddy cultivation. If the trend continued in the coming days, agriculture would get a boost in the state, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14696487", "title": "Health care eludes migrant workers as fever cases rise in Kannur", "text": "KANNUR: Despite a weak monsoon, the spread of monsoon-related diseases in the district continues unabated.Though the health authorities claim that things are under control and that instances of fever and other diseases are less compared to last year, what is bothering the officials is the inability to check its spread including malaria among migrant labourers and the lax attitude of doctors who are part of the compulsory rural service.According to Kannur DMO Dr R Ramesh, health officials are finding it tough to trace workers who change their location frequently.Of the 28 cases of malaria and 12 cases of dengue reported so far this season, most of the cases are among migrant labourers. But since they reside in thickly-populated places, and often come into contact with locals, they too stand a chance to get infected.\"In a meeting called by the district collector on Wednesday, we have asked the contractors who employ migrant labourers to provide them hygienic staying facilities including toilet facilities. But it is tough to monitor and ensure it is done,\" said the DMO. Meanwhile, the health department along with district administration is planning to hold a medical camp on July 14.The official data says that since June 1, apart from dengue and malaria, 56 cases of viral hepatitis A (jaundice), 15 cases of typhoid and 22 cases of H1N1 have been reported from the district. But the actual figure could be even high, as many cases in the private hospitals are not promptly reported to the health department.Though over 23,600 cases of fever have been reported from different parts of the district, (768 patients admitted in hospitals), health officials say this is common during rainy season.But more worrisome to the department is the unauthorized absence of doctors in rural service. \"The maximum number of unauthorized absence among doctors assigned for compulsory rural services (CRS) is in Kannur. Nearly 68 doctors have not reported for duty in the last few months and this has been informed to the authorities,\" said the DMO.As of now, nearly 100 posts including 58 posts of specialty doctors are lying vacant in the district.\"Most of the doctors prefer to work in places where there is scope for private practice,\" said a health department official.They say no action have been initiated against the erring doctors though the government take drastic steps including revenue recovery.\"The government inaction makes these doctors feel that CRS is not mandatory,\" said a health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "basirhat", "code": "14697992", "title": "Homemaker tonsured, stripped by villagers in Bengal", "text": "BASIRHAT: A 35-year-old mother of three was stripped, tonsured and tortured by a kangaroo court in Basirhat, barely an hour's drive from Kolkata, on Wednesday evening. Her husband was beaten up when he tried to protect her.The incident took place at Amarkati and the victim's husband on Thursday, lodged an FIR against seven persons, including five women, who brutally tortured his wife. Two persons have been arrested and police are looking for the others accused.On Tuesday evening, a group of local women barged into the victim's house and allegedly dragged her out. They then stripped her and allegedly beat her up. Locals said the attackers suspected that the woman was having an affair with the son of her husband's elder brother. Earlier, some villagers had allegedly threatened the woman with dire consequences, if she dared to continue with the relationship. Apart from the woman, the incident has left her three children utterly traumatized.\"Some villagers who are not on good terms with our family, hatched this plan to humiliate us ,\" said the victim, breaking down in tears.\"Two persons including the prime accused have already been arrested and they are being interrogated,\" said Champak Bhattacharya, SP North 24-Parganas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700775", "title": "Keshubhai Patel, Gordhan Zadaphia meet parents of vanished children", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former Gujarat chief minister and a dissident leader of BJP, Keshubhai Patel, and the Mahagujarat Janata Party (MJP) president Gordhan Zadaphia met parents of the missing children from the city on Thursday and slammed the state government for its alleged apathy towards the parents.Patel and Zadaphia went to Anandnagar residence of Suresh Patel, father of Vishwa Patel, 11, who is missing since January this year. Parents of other missing children also met the former CM and narrated their tale.\"I am moved by their pain. They only tried to meet the chief minister to vent their frustration but instead they were treated like terrorists and were stuffed in a police van and sent packing. Is seeking police help for missing children a crime in this state,\" he asked. Last month, more than 150 parents of missing kids were rounded up by city police.Taking a dig at the police postings, Patel criticized the state government for not appointing a permanent director general of police (DGP). Chittaranjan Singh currently holds charge as the DGP, Gujarat. \"The present CM wants only those officers who are willing to toe his line. The reason for not appointing a permanent DGP is probably that the government is not able to find such a person,\" he said.The leaders then went to CTM to meet parents of Ronak Panchal, 12, who is missing for three months. He assured parents to try his best to put pressure on police and state machinery to take definitive steps in this direction.\"Those who have children can understand the pain of these parents. Can't a chief minister be sympathetic towards the parents and hear them? I have been told that police sometimes wants resources of the parents for searching their missing children. Is this the way police functions,\" asked Patel.Patel has recently opened a front against chief minister Narendra Modi . While in the past he used to criticize the CM without naming him, he has now started directly attacking him in the run up to the assembly elections in December 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "14710309", "title": "Jeev tied eighth after first round in Paris", "text": "PARIS: Indian golfer Jeev Milkha Singh carded a steady three-under 68 in the first round to be placed tied eighth at the Alstom Open de France at the par-71 Le Golf National near Paris .Jeev was four shots behind leader Sweden's Christian Nilsson, who shot a six-under 65 on the course that will host the 2018 Ryder Cup.Things were not too good for the other two Indians in the fray, as Shiv Kapur (72) was tied 63rd and SSP Chowrasia (74) was way behind in 104th place.Jeev opened with a bogey on first but got a shot back with a birdie on third.Bogeys on fourth and seventh meant he was two-over but once again the Indian fought back with birdies on eighth and ninth to turn in even par.He surged ahead with three birdies in four holes from 11th to the 14th. However, his progress was halted by a bogey on the 16th which was compensated for with a birdie on 17th.Jeev made nine of the 14 fairways and had 12 greens in regulation, but he had problems when he missed greens in regulation.Kapur had two birdies and three bogeys, while Chowrasia had two birdies and five bogeys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "14697805", "title": "Railway tribunal grants two Pak Samjhauta victims compensation", "text": "PANIPAT: A Chandigarh Railway Claim Tribunal has granted compensation to the families of two Pakistani nationals, who had died in the 2007 Samjhauta train blast.Their lawyer, Momin Malik, said this was for the first time that the tribunal has ordered compensation through the Indian high commission.The orders were passed on April 18 and sent to the victim families. Malik said that still 30 compensation cases belonging to Pakistani and Indian civilians are pending before the tribunal.The compensation of Rs 4 lakh each has been awarded to Zubeda Begum and Zahida Begum, both residents of North Karachi in Pakistan, he said.Sixty-eight people, mostly Pakistani civilians, were killed in the blast.Following the blast, Zubeda and Zahida along with their kin had arrived in India and after identifying their husbands, Wahid Khan and Salim Khan, took their bodies to Pakistan.After the Union government announced compensations for the victims of the blasts, the two got in touch with Panipat lawyer Malik and filed a petition with the Railway Claim Tribunal on July 27, 2010.The tribunal awarded the compensation along with a 6% interest per annum from the date of filing of the claim application.The tribunal asked the ministry of railways to arrange for the payment of the compensation to the two women through Indian High Commission in Islamabad as no Pakistani national is allowed to open a bank account in the country without prior permission from the Reserve Bank of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14701371", "title": "TN adds more BE seats to sports quota", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has increased the number of seats for special reservation under eminent sports persons category quota for BE courses from 100 to 500 seats from 2012.TNEA secretary V Rhymend Uthariaraj said intimation letters were sent to more students who had applied under the category. The details are also available on www.annauniv.edu/tnea2012. The university has asked eligible students who have not received call letters to come to the university for counselling with sports certificates on or before Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14700240", "title": "Bokaro police to upgrade control room", "text": "BOKARO: Keeping in mind the issue of inaccessibility to dial emergency police number 100 through mobile phones, police department is trying to make better the situation for the convenience of local people here.Bokaro deputy commissioner Sunil Kumar along with SP Kuldeep Dwivedi conducted an inspection of police control room situated in Sector-I and asked for enhancement of working conditions in a bid to maintain transparency and speed up police action when the need arises.According to sources, the senior police officials are receiving huge number of complaints on their official mobile phones as the emergency number is still not accessible via mobile phones. Dwivedi said they are working hard to improve the accessibility of the emergency number to every mobile or landline phones. They have also sought help from service provider companies in this regard. As per Kumar's suggestions they will install a voice recording facility with the number 100 so that the complaints made by residents are recorded. \"While upgrading the control room we have instructed every block development officer, circle officer and police officer across the district to inform about every untoward incident to the control room. Patrolling parties will rush to the spot, minutes after the information is received and relayed by the control room. The police officer in control room will maintain register of incidents reported along with its compliance records. After receiving the information the operator in control room will pass on the information to senior police officials,\" said Dwivedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14700110", "title": "This Lohardaga farmer's complaint attended to in two days", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Bhukhla Oraon, a farmer at Hanhat village under Kairo block of Lohardaga, had never thought that he would get quick response from the authorities concerned on his complaint. But the Panchayati Raj system has proved its significance by providing justice to Oraon within two days of his petition.A government scheme had encroached upon 10 dismal of farm land. After his repeated complaints to engineers and contractors concerned which found no favour with them, Bhukhla submitted a written complaint with Lohardaga deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar on July 2. On July 3 he gave a copy of his application to the district council chairperson Jayavanti Kumari Bhagat who took up the matter seriously and visited the site on July 4 with a team of block officials and panchayat representatives concerned.'The Jharkhand Hill Area Lift Irrigation Corporation ( JHALCO) has constructed a check dam at Tetardon in the Lugfichava river at Hanhat village. The work was done without verification of site and measurement that encroached 10 dismal land belonging to Bhukhla, a poor farmer.\"On his complaint, I visited the site on Wednesday and found the complaint true in the presence of BDO Vijay Kerketta, district council member from Bhandra Shamil Oraon, council representative Sukhdeo Oraon and Kairo block Pramukh Narayan Oraon,\" said the district council chairperson.She added that the contractor, Sajjad Ansari, has been ordered to pay Rs 50,000 to Bhukhla as compensation of his land and about 21 fruit-bearing trees which would be lost with the flow of water in the dam. \"Legal action will be taken against Ansari if he fails to pay the amount by July 17,\" Bhagat said.Villagers who were united in Bhukhla's support also complained of many labourers kept without payments from six to 21 days. The council chairperson said Ramesh, Manti, Fulmani, Ropni, Navaki and Kario were among many labourers who complained against the contractor for not paying their wages against their work for 21, 13, 15, 18, 11 and 15 days respectively. There were also complaints of payments not being made as per the minimum wages fixed at Rs 122 per day. \"The officials concerned including engineer Jitendra Paswan has been asked to make sure that the contractor clears all dues of the labourers according to norms,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14699109", "title": "Man duped Nagpur girl of Rs 10K, laptop", "text": "NAGPUR: A 38-year-old man from New Delhi duped a city girl of her laptop and Rs10,000 cash after making fake marriage proposal through social networking sites.The police have lodged a cheating complaint against accused Thomas Josh and are searching for his exact location. Josh, who, according to the victim, is a resident of Patiala House in New Delhi, had initially shown interest in her profile on a matrimony site.The victim girl, who is a medical representative, said to police that Josh also sent a friend request to her on a social networking site. After chatting for a month, Josh came to Nagpur on February 2 to meet the girl.He was in city for 11 days but refused to meet her parents. She said Josh would either call her to meet at his hotel room or would meet at other places. \"On February 11, before leaving Nagpur, Josh took my laptop and a cash of Rs10,000, saying his parents are in Australia and he needs some financial help urgently,\" she said, adding that he took her laptop for using it for official purpose.She further said in the complaint that she had been trying to contact him on his cellphone ever since he left Nagpur but it was found switched off.Failed to get any response from Josh for four months, the victim lodged a complaint at the Dhantoli police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14689437", "title": "Calling all Hindu hostellers", "text": "Over 300 alumni of Hindu College are expected to participate in the Hostel Alumni Reunion meet scheduled for tomorrow and day after tomorrow, where they will stay overnight at the hostel.Their lunch will also be prepared in the hostel mess. Pradeep Loyalka, an alumnus and the secretary of Association of Hindu College Hostel Alumni (AHHA), told us, \"This year the response of the alumni is even more overwhelming than last year and we are expecting more than 300 ex-students. Well-known faces from different sectors - sports , politics, Bollywood , banking, and others have already sent their confirmation.\"Actor Arjun Rampal and filmmakers Imtiaz Ali and Vishal Bhardwaj are also expected to attend this meet. The former hostellers will play a T20 cricket match against ex-Stephanians and also participate in a cultural show. \"Among other things, we are making arrangements to ensure hostellers relive their past. We shall all eat the lunch made in the hostel mess, much like we did while we lived here,\" said Pankaj Singh , a former hosteller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14708513", "title": "Manoj K Jayan plays 75 year old in Kukkiliyar", "text": "Manoj K Jayan is doing a completely different role in his upcoming next. He is doing the role of a 75 years aged old man in the film 'Kukkiliyar'. The film is directed by Nemam Pushparaj. Archana Kavi and Sita are the lead actresses in the movie.Manoj's fans are eagerly awaiting to see his new look in the movie.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14700403", "title": "Vijayamma moves central vigilance commissioner against CBI joint director", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after her 'successful' meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , YSR Congress Party leader Vijayamma on Thursday lodged a complaint with central vigilance commissioner (CVC) Pradeep Kumar against CBI joint director VV Lakshminarayana charging him with being vindictiveness towards her son Jaganmohan Reddy in the illegal assets case.During her meeting with the CVC, Vijayamma demanded a probe by a Supreme Court judge into the alleged harassment of her jailed son by CBI. In a memorandum, she alleged that the CBI and the joint director were being driven by ulterior motives in the probe against Jagan. A similar memorandum was submitted with the PM on Wednesday.Vijayamma also met agriculture minister Sharad Pawar, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat and Trinamool Congress leader Sultan Ahmed and briefed them on the case involving Jagan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14700017", "title": "Seven shops burgled in state capital", "text": "RANCHI: As many as seven shops were burgled near Hinoo locality in the heart of the city here on Wednesday night. The shop owners lodged four FIRs with the Doranda police station in this connection.Around 1am on Thursday thieves broke the locks of all the shops and took away whatever they could lay their hands on. Jamil Ansari, owner of a shop dealing with batteries, complained that 10 batteries were taken away from his shop. The other shops where locks were broken were of electronic goods, cement shop etc.\"The battery theft is not an issue. The main issue is the ease with which the thieves carried out the crime. It has caused concern among the shop owners here. Breaking seven locks in a night is a major cause for concern,\" said Doranda police station officer in-charge Fozal Ahmad. There are dozens of shops in the market and if such is the state of affairs they all are exposed to theft. Other shop owners who have lodged FIRs are Arvind Kumar, Rajiv Ranjan Prasad and Ravindra Kumar.A total of 187 theft cases were reported in Ranchi in April this year. In March the total cases of theft reported was 168. Though official figures could not be immediately obtained, according to media reports no less number of theft cases was reported in May and June. Ranchi SP (city) Ranjeet Prasad said police have been trying to tighten the noose around the thieves. \"The police stations will be asked to be on alert against thieves,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14702697", "title": "Player nursed dreams of a move to Europe", "text": "PANAJI: Indian captain Sunil Chhetri's European club deal was preceded by a failed trial, endless speculation and even a visa denial.In the end, Sporting Clube de Portugal - considered the Holy Trinity of Portuguese football which also includes former UEFA Champions League winners FC Porto and Benfica FC 1 - said on its official website: \"Sporting has put pen to paper with Chhetri, who will now join up with the club's reserve side.\"The \"reserve\" deal may have come as a dampener to Chhetri supporters but for someone who has nursed European dreams for four years now, this is a good beginning.Chhetri, 27, started dreaming of a move to Europe in 2008 when he was voted the Player of the Year. A training camp in Portugal the same year saw Portuguese second division side Estoril Praia bending over backwards to seal a move but Chhetri knew he was meant for bigger clubs.Then there was immediate interest from Leeds United and he even signed for Queens Park Rangers but was denied a work visa by the UK government.Chhetri then sealed a move to the Major League Soccer (MLS) with Kansas City Sporting but did not get a game. He tried his luck in England, again, with Coventry and later with Glasgow Rangers in Scotland, but he hardly got any time to impress.At the fag end of last season, there were talks that Indonesian clubs had shown more than just passing interest in the Indian striker but it was not until Sporting Clube de Portugal came calling that his dreams became a reality.Meanwhile, former India captain Baichung Bhutia advised Sunil Chhetri to be mentally strong. \"It's a mental thing. It's about how strong you are in the mind. He has got the game, but 70% of the game is about the mind. He is a confident guy. Now, he has to believe in himself,\" Bhutia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699477", "title": "Gokhalenagar man tests positive for swine flu", "text": "PUNE: A 38-year-old man from Gokhalenagar tested positive for swine flu on Thursday. Civic health officials said the patient's condition is stable. This is the second case of swine flu infection in the city since the beginning of this month.\"The patient developed flu-like symptoms on July 1. He was admitted to a private hospital on June 2. His throat swab, sent for examination to a private laboratory the next day, tested positive for swine flu on Thursday,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.On July 3, a swine flu infected patient from Warje was discharged after completion of the course of treatment. \"There is no need to panic. However, citizens should continue to exercise precautionary measures to ward off the infection,\" Pardeshi said.On Thursday, a 13-year-old girl from Belapur died of swine flu infection at a private hospital in Navi Mumbai.\"This is the first swine flu casualty in Maharashtra during this monsoon. The girl was admitted to a private hospital in Vashi on June 25. The chest x-ray conducted on her the next day showed that she had developed acute respiratory distress syndrome. Her condition deteriorated following which she died,\" said state epidemiologist Pradip Awate.The season's first case of swine flu infection was found in Pimpri-Chinchwad after a gap of almost two months, when a 21-year-old man tested positive on June 27.Since June, the virus infected 47 people across the state. \"Most of these cases are from Mumbai, Nagpur and Nashik. Occasional cases of swine flu infection will be seen during this season as rain provides an ideal setting for influenza-like illnesses. There is no need to worry. People should continue to take precautionary measures,\" Awate said.When contacted, senior researcher Mandeep Chadha, deputy director of National Institute of Virology (NIV) said, \"We are receiving two-three throat swabs for testing everyday. There is no need to panic. People should maintain healthy habits, exercise regularly and take proper sleep. Frequent hand washing is a must during this period as monsoon provides conducive set up for all kinds of influenza viruses, including swine flu.\"In 2010, the World Health Organisation had warned that during the change of season, there will be sporadic seasonal outbreaks, for a couple of years before the virus dies down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698270", "title": "Cops turn down Team Anna plea for Jantar Mantar fast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police has denied permission to Team Anna to hold an indefinite fast at Jantar Mantar from July 25, reasoning that the timing of the protest coincides with the Parliament's Monsoon Session, when other outfits will also have to be accommodated at the spot.\"We have told them that during the period for which they have sought permission, Monsoon Session will be in progress and the Jantar Mantar road, being a regular road cannot be blocked for a fortnight. ,\" Rajan Bhagat, PRO, Delhi Police, said.Team Anna had earlier announced an indefinite protest against the UPA government on the issue of corruption and its alleged failure to enact a strong Lokpal as well as not setting up a special investigation team to probe charges against PM Manmohan Singh and his 14 cabinet colleagues.In a letter to Team Anna, Delhi Police said during the proposed period, Jantar Mantar will see a huge rush of various organizations coming to hold demonstrations who will have to be accommodated there.The letter further says that special security arrangements will be required which cause undue tension on the limited capacity of Jantar Mantar Activists, however, did not buy the argument and said they will hold the protest only at the same spot or in jail while accusing home minister P Chidambaram for this denial.Reacting to the letter, Team Anna core committee member Arvind Kejriwal tweeted, \"Official reason (to deny permission) -- Parliament in session. Are MPs scared of people of India? How far do they want people to stay away from them? It is dangerous for democracy if Parliament and MPs start getting scared of people...Real reason is that Chidambaram is behind denial...Anshan will take place -- either at Jantar Mantar or in jail,\" he tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14703538", "title": "Parenthood makes you mentally tough, immune to cold", "text": "LONDON: Parenthood not just makes you happy, it seems to be good for your health as well, for a new study has found that parents are 52% less likely to catch a cold due to their mental toughness than those with no kids. And the more children you have the strong the affect, the study from the Carnegie Mellon University in the US found.While parents with one or two children were 48% less likely to get sick, those with three or more children were 61% less likely to develop a cold, it found. Surprisingly the scientists don't think this is because parents have immune systems that have been strengthened by constant viral attacks. Instead it comes down to \"mental toughness\" , they claimed.This explains why parents with children living at home and away from home showed a decreased risk of catching a cold, said Prof Sheldon Cohen who led the study. \"Although parenthood was clearly protective, we were unable to identify an explanation for this association,\" Cohen was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.He said: \"Because we controlled for immunity to the virus, we know that these differences did not occur just because the parents were more likely to have been exposed to the virus through their children.\"Moreover, parents and nonparents showed few psychological or biological differences, and those that did exist could not explain the benefit of parenthood. We expect that a psychological benefit of parenthood that we did not measure may have been responsible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699522", "title": "Two arrested with pistols", "text": "PUNE: Crime branch officials arrested two men at Dange chowk on Tuesday and seized three country-made pistols and 12 live cartridges from them.Balu Sadashiv Patil (36) and Ramesh Yadav (20) are both residents of Thergaon. They were nabbed by the anti-dacoity cell of the crime branch led by inspector Satish Govekar.Speaking to TOI, Govekar said that police constable Arun Budhkar had received a tip-off that Patil, a criminal on police records, would be coming to Dange chowk with weapons. \"We laid a trap and nabbed Patil as well as Yadav,\" Govekar said.He said thatthe police were investigating where Patil and Yadav had procured the weapons. \"Patil is an aide of gangster Balu Waghire. He has 10 cases registered against him including murder, body offences and rioting,\" Govekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14700283", "title": "River protection council wants to stop oceanarium project", "text": "KOCHI: The All Kerala River Protection Council (AKRPC) has in a statement asked the Kerala Coastal Zone Authority to revoke the permission granted for the oceanarium project at Puthuvypeen in Kochi.The panel has threatened to take legal action if the authority does not revoke the permission given for the project, which requires cutting down of mangroves in the area. S Sitaraman, vice president, AKRPC, said in a statement that they are also planning to approach the ministry of environment and forests with a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14704143", "title": "Cooperation, not confrontation is the new workplace mantra in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: Industry feels there is a marked shift in the labour front in Kerala, where the dominant discourse till recent times was that the employer can only have an exploitative relation with the employed. This has changed. Talking to TOI, industry leaders said this is more visible in the organized sector though negative trends like 'nookkukooli' still prevail in some unorganized sectors, particularly in rural areas.They say that rising opportunities and scarcity of labour are the two major factors that have ushered in these widely-welcomed changes and suggested that more things can be accomplished if trade unions, managements and government can consolidate these changes and advance them. \"Now the confrontationist mindset that was prevailing in the state between the workers and management is being replaced by a collaborative approach, at least in the organized sector,\" said managing director of CGH Earth Jose Dominic.Vice-chairman of the Kerala chapter of the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) C J George said rising opportunities have lessened the need for labour being aggressive. \"If they are dissatisfied with one employer, they can now migrate to another with ease. However, problems like nookkukooli still exist in certain sectors and the government must address them as law and order problems.\"Secretary of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India (CREDAI) John Thomas said the rates of headload workers working at construction sites have been fixed much earlier. With the decision to disburse their wages through Headload Workers' Welfare Board, labour disputes have come down. Despite a government declaration that the district is 'nookkukooli-free', it is still there in the domestic sector.\"\"Headload workers in Kerala still charge very high rates for shifting items meant for domestic use. For example, a bureaucrat, who was transferred recently, had to pay Rs 7,500 to load his items onto the truck in Kerala while he had to pay only Rs 1, 500 to unload them in New Delhi. The workers here insist the owner must pay the charge they demand or the owners themselves must load or unload the items. It is not nookkukooli in the conventional sense, but imposing an arbitrarily fixed exorbitant rate on the owner is not right,\" said Jose Dominique.Industry leaders said the resistance put up by V-Guard Industries vice-chairman Kochouseph Chittilappilly proves that it is possible to fight such undue demands and still survive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14699897", "title": "Minister to push tiger cause among Sathyamangalam tribals", "text": "COIMBATORE: To enlighten the local community comprising traditional forest dwellers about the need to convert the forests as tiger reserves, forest minister, K T Pachamal is on a two-day tour of the 19 tribal-majority panchayats, that fall within the Sathyamangalam Wildlife Sanctuary. Pachamal, who was in Hassanur on Thursday evening, will interact with the affected communities at the Hassanur forest guest house on Friday morning.Sources say the minister hopes to alleviate the fear the tribal community has about relocating from the sanctuary and convince local population about the necessity to declare the sanctuary a tiger reserve. He also intends to get a sense of the nature of compensation to given to those willing to shift out of the sanctuary.Meanwhile, Bhavani Sagar MLA PL Sundaram said the minister was visiting the area as part of a damage control exercise before a proposed tribal rally against tiger reserve on Monday. The tribals in Sathyamangalam are organising a sit in before the divisional forest office to protest the move for a tiger reserve in the area. Over 10,000 protestors are likely to participate with the support of CPI and its trade union and famers' wings.\"We are glad the government is finally waking up to our concerns. We are not against tigers but the conservation must not be at the expense of the local forest dwelling communities. The minister is duty bound to protect the forest rights of tribals in the 19 panchayats,'' said Sundaram.Recently, grama sabhas in all the 19 tribal-majority panchayats in the region passed separate resolutions against the move to declare the area a tiger reserve. Locals are accusing the government of pushing ahead with the project without consulting them though Section 38(v) of the Wildlife Protection Act makes it mandatory. The Wildlife Protection Act stipulates that approval from the grama sabha is essential before tiger reserve status is awarded to a reserve forest area.In addition, the government is required to constitute an expert panel to study the impact on the local community and the findings must be discussed in the grama sabha, in the presence of forest officials, environmentalists and social scientists. Before local communities are asked to shift out of the reserved area, authorities are required to seek the opinion of the grama sabha on whether it believes people can co-exist with the wildlife. Also, relocation packages and compensation plan have to be approved by the grama sabha, which has the right to reject proposals of the government.According to Sundaram, representatives of 10 panchayats in Thalavadi, six in Sathyamangalam and three in Bhavani Sagar will meet the minister on Friday and convey their concerns. They would request the minister to restart the entire process by taking the local community in confidence and abiding by the applicable laws. The delegation would also press for the implementation of the Forest Rights Act in Sathyamangalam to protect tribals living in the forest fringes from forced eviction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701392", "title": "Gopalgarh violence: Court stays suspension of additional SP", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur bench of the Rajasthan High Court on Thursday stayed suspension of additional SP Bharatpur, Om Prakash, who was posted in the field during Gopalgarh police firing. The Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) has already stayed suspension of the then collector and SP.The single judge bench of Justice Munishwar Nath Bhandari passed the order giving a clean chit to the officer. The state government had suspended senior district officers after it got flak from across including political parties and social organizations.Senior advocate Virendra Lodha contended before the court that the additional collector in his report has said that the petitioner Om Prakash was not responsible for breach of law and order. It was also contended that the other two officials had already been given postings as their suspension was stayed on September 28 last year. \"There is no reason to keep the official under suspension when the other two officials are already serving as their suspension is stayed. Further despite service no one has appeared on behalf of state to oppose the order,\" reads the order.At least 10 persons were killed in a police firing on September 14 at Goplagarh village. All the killed belonged to Meo (Muslim) community. The community had a fight with the Gujjars and a huge crowd had gathered arguing for a disputed graveyard. However, police had to resort to firing in which 10 were killed. Eyebrows were raised as all the killed belonged to a single community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "14698289", "title": "\u2018Maoists herded us to meeting, we were too scared to refuse\u2019", "text": "RAIPUR: After the June 29 encounter by joint forces in south Chhattisgarh's Bijapur district, Kaka Senti and Markam Soma were flown to Raipur by the CRPF for treatment along with six injured jawans. They were suspected to be Maoists.Lying in the state-run Dr Ambedkar Hospital in Raipur with bullet wounds, both denied they were Maoists. Soma, however, said the meeting at neighbouring Sarkeguda village, the site of the gun battle that killed 17 people last Friday, was called by Maoists.Speaking to TOI in the hospital, Soma, a resident of Bijapur's Kottaguda village in the Maoist liberated zone, said, \"Three Maoists came to our village and herded all villagers together for a meeting around 10 pm. Two of them had guns. I sat in the meeting with the rest of the village but could not understand their language. We speak Dorla language while the three Maoists were speaking in Muria.\"Senti, also from Kottaguda, was at the meeting too. \"The men wore shorts and were not from our village. They discussed various issues, including distribution of land for tilling,\" he said.Usually, village meetings are not held so late. \"But we could not refuse to attend the meeting as the three Maoists would kill us,\" Soma said.While the meeting was on, police came and circled the village, Senti said. \"There was heavy firing. A bullet hit my leg and I fell unconscious,\" he said. At the crack of dawn, both were flown by helicopter to Raipur hospital, Soma said.They had never ventured as far as Raipur from their village. \"I don't like it,\" Senti said, pointing to the chain tied to his leg. He missed his children and wife who is pregnant. Tears welled up in his eye as he said, \"I want to go home. I don't want to remain here for treatment. In my village, forest herbs will cure me.\"In another hospital in Raipur \u2014 Narayan Hrudalaya Hospital \u2014 six jawans lay with bullet wounds. Two of the CoBRA commandos, Wahidul Islam of Murshidabad and Gyanendra Prakash of Mathura, were still in ICU but out of danger. Splinters pierced Islam's chest during the encounter, injuring four ribs and the diaphragm, while Prakash's face had splinter injuries. \"Both narrowly escaped death. The wounds could have been fatal,\" said Dr Ashok Zargar, the hospital's chief of medical services.The other jawans were hit on their legs and are recuperating. One of them, Havildar K Rajan, recounted the night of the encounter. \"We marched from the Basaguda camp in a single line. We were supposed to go to Silger where there was information that Maoists had assembled,\" he said.CoBRA commando S S Rana, who received a bullet injury in his left thigh, was sixth in the marching line and carried an X95 assault rifle. \"Barely 3-4 km from the camp, we heard voices screaming 'police, police'. This was followed by a burst firing.\"Islam and Prakash, who were fourth and fifth in the line, took the first hits and fell. Four other jawans were also hit. \"It was dark and we could see at least 30-40 men firing and retreating into the jungles when our force fired in retaliation and cordoned off the village,\" said A Ghosh, who fractured his toes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14699315", "title": "Back from US, rooting for PGI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Reel life does turn real and blurs the divide. Shahrukh Khan's character Mohan in Bollywood flick Swades quits Nasa to return to India. And these doctors and scientists chucked plum posts and universities abroad to join PGI.The lure of dollar and big bucks couldn't hold them back. While a few did not bother losing their inventorship and joint discoveries made offshore, others have been in the institute as they can find here a pool of patients with variety of diseases which provides a huge platform for their research work. They share a common sentiment of returning to the soil -- a sense of belonging and to provide indigenous technology. Having learned from the best research centres, they have started using their expertise in the PGI and reversed the brain drain trend.Dr Akshay Anand, neuroscientist in the PGI, left the University of Kentucky , US and had to forego his joint inventorship of a patent which his group in the US had worked on. \"But this did not deter me to join the institute. Because I am an Indian and I should work for my country. Even a permanent post offered in the US could not stop me. My department of neurology has provided unparalleled intellectual freedom to define new research programmes seeking to fill the void in bench work and clinical translation,\" he said.Dr Anand utilized his exposure in the West and set up the first functional cell and molecular neurobiology research and diagnostic facility, which will launch 25 new neurogenetic tests on the eve of the PGI's golden jubilee (July 7). These tests together are not available in any public sector throughout the country.Finding unprecedented number of patients coming to PGI with different disorders made Dr Naresh Sachdev to quit University of Miami , Florida and work in PGI. \"There are lots of infections which can be studied in the institute. This attracted me to join PGI and work on innovations in the field of immunology back home,\" said Dr Sachdev.He had been a postdoctorate fellow in Florida where he used to work for was a reference laboratory under the National Institute of Health on HIV. \"There is a huge gap between the facilities here and the labs in Florida. But with the knowledge gathered by working in that kind of set-up, we have been able to provide quality assured services.\"A year after he came back to the PGI, Dr Sachdev along with others developed a diagnostic tool which could detect four eye infections using a single eye drop. This was granted a US patent in 2009.Determined to encourage faculty and student exchange for learning of new technology between Sweden and the PGI, Dr Rakesh Singh , department of translational and regenerative medicine, has been working relentlessly towards his 'goal'. He left his permanent position of a senior scientist at the world's oldest stem cell centre - Lounds University, Sweden to join PGI.Being in the prestigious centre in Sweden has helped the scientist get hold of latest and innovative instruments which can enhance innovations. \"I have been able to provide the best facilities in the animal house in the institute. At my level, I have invited experts from Sweden, but the sarkari hiccups here delay the exchange programme,\" said Dr Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14701479", "title": "Swami Agnivesh backs 3rd front in Gujarat, hits out at Narendra Modi", "text": "VADODARA: Social activist Swami Agnivesh has welcomed the idea of a party being proposed in the state by former chief minister Keshubhai Patel and other BJP dissidents.While stressing on a political alternative, Agnivesh came down heavily on chief minister Narendra Modi over the 2002 riots and the state's development model.Agnivesh said that he had attended the meeting at Ahmedabad where the alternative of forming a political party in the state was discussed. \"I strongly support this as there is not much difference between the UPA and NDA. They are treating the country as their property,\" he said.He said that a group formed by leaders who had left various parties and come together would not be an alternative in true sense. \"We need the alternative not merely as a party, but even as a different political culture,\" said Agnivesh.While talking about corruption, Agnivesh said that the communal politics of Gujarat was also a kind of corruption. He said that Modi could not be an alternative for the prime minister's post and not even as the CM because of his government's role in the riots.On being asked about the Sadbhavana Mission fasts, Agnivesh said that it was 'pure drama'. \"Even a drama staged in a theatre is more convincing,\" he said.Agnivesh also criticised the model of development in the state. \"It is based on the western model of development and will lead to destruction. Even the West is moving away from it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699703", "title": "Doctors' forum in Nashik changes surgery rules", "text": "NASHIK: The Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society in Nashik has decided that its members will withdraw their names as operating surgeons from all MTP centres other than their own and will not conduct any kind of consultation or perform surgeries at any hospitals other than those they own or in corporate hospitals.\"In its bid to fight the cases of female foeticide in Nashik, the society has decided that its members with immediate effect will withdraw their names as operating surgeons from all the MTP centers other than their own hospitals or nursing homes and inform the same to the competent authority. Besides we have also decided that no member shall conduct consultation and perform any type of surgical and obstetric procedure, whether it is a medical termination of pregancy (MTP), hysterectomy or any other, at any hospital other than that owned by and registered in the name of a gynaecologist or a well-equipped multispeciality referral hospital run by consultants or corporates,\" president of the society, Dr Vasant Kawade, explained.A doctor who is a member of the society on the condition of anonymity said that going to a general practitioner's hospital with operation theatres is like risking the overall health of the patients in society and promotes instances of medical termination of pregnancies.\"When we visit such hospitals, the general practitioners generally learn the trick of the trade and after a couple of such visits by us, they start advising the patients on their own and even carry out surgeries without the presence of gynaecologists or obstetricians. They indirectly contribute to the rising number of MTPs as well, which are actually never advised by professionals,\" the doctor. He added that there are several doctors who are believed to be carrying out operations without professional help. They are likely to be involved in such illegal cases, but that fact still needs to be established, he said.He added that the Society's decision would be \"our contribution towards maintaining the social health and we hope that this will further help in fighting the social menace of female foeticide.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14699625", "title": "Bhakra Beas Management Board warns of low water supply to 3 states", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB) on Thursday warned that water supply to Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan would be reduced if the water level at the reservoirs of Bhakra and Pong dams continued to plummet.After holding an emergency meeting with the Board officials and representatives of Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan, BBMB chairman A B Agrawal said that the Board might be forced to cut down water supply to these states by 10-20% by July 10 if the water situation didn't improve in the absence of rains.The water level at Bhakra and Pong reservoirs on July 5 was recorded at 1,539feet and 1,289.30feet respectively, which was around 62feet lower than the level recorded on the same day last year. \"If the present situation continues and there are no rains in the coming days, water cuts to the partner states will become inevitable,\" said Agrawal.\"How much water supply is reduced will depend on how low the water level goes in our dams, if it goes at all,\" added Agrawal.Though BBMB asked the partner states to reduce their water requirements for the time being, the Board officials said there was no need to press the panic button right now. \"There is no water and power crisis as of now,\" said Agrawal. He said BBMB was fulfilling the water demand of the partner states and power generation has also not been hit.Moreover, Agrawal said electricity generation was not the top priority for BBMB. \"It's water. Our first priority is drinking and irrigation water. Also, power generation has not been hit at all and no doubt the water level is down but we have enough to meet the demand,\" said Agrawal.Agarwal added that the Board was sure worried about the future availability of water for the upcoming crop season. At present, BBMB is releasing 29,500 cusec from Bhakra and 15,900 from Pong to the partner states of Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan and generating an average 425 lakh units of power every day.The Board officials also said that lack of sufficient rains due to delayed monsoon has \"weakened\" the Satluj and Beas rivers, which feed the Bhakra and Pong dams. Officials said they were not too sure at this stage whether melting of snow had aggravated the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14710341", "title": "Goa 5-star false ceiling falls, 3 tourists hurt", "text": "PANAJI: Two US nationals and an Indian tourist were injured when the false ceiling of a five-star hotel came crashing down on them in South Goa, police said today.Work on the ceiling, made of plaster of Paris , was going on in the main lobby of the hotel yesterday when it fell over some tourists, Deputy Superintendent of Police Mohan Naik said.A case has been registered against the project manager and project supervisor of the hotel for endangering life and personal safety, Naik said.The injured included two Americans of Indian origin -Nabi Subbarao and Laila Usha P Nabi, and K D Agarwal from Nashik.All the three were admitted to a private hospital in Cuncolim village and discharged after treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14701349", "title": "FBI report on Bhanwari case submitted in court", "text": "JODHPUR: In a major step in the Bhanwari Devi murder case, the CBI formally declared on Thursday that the bones collected from a canal in Jodhpur rural's Jaloda village belonged to the nurse.The agency submitted the much-awaited Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) report to the ACJM (SC/ST Cases) court, which proves the nurse was brunt to ashes. The case against all the 16 accused including ex-minister Mahipal Maderna and legislator Malkhan Singh Bishnoi will get further substantiated after filing of the report.The CBI had received the confirmation about these bone samples matching with that of Bhanwari Devi on June 20. The samples had contained the dried blood sample of Gungun and Sahil, daughter and son of Bhanwari Devi, and charred bones recovered by the CBI from the canal.As per the report, the remains of Bhanwari Devi had been sent to FBI's nuclear DNA laboratory on June 21 through American Embassy. The FBI marked the blood samples of Gungun and Sahil as K-1 and K-2, which were marked as Q-1. The FBI is likely to send a 'secondary evidence' report to the CBI soon.Senior special counsel for CBI, Ashok Joshi said that it proves that Bhanwari Devi is no more and her body had been disposed of by Bishna Ram gang at Jaloda and nearby canal.The CBI had collected the bones from a canal where the remains of Bhanwari Devi were dumped after she was burnt to ashes by Bishna Ram Bishnoi gang on September 1.With the submission of this report in the court, the CBI also sought permission from the court to bring Bishna Ram and three members of his gang on hand-cuffs in the court during hearings in future. The court has, however, not yet decided on this application. In fact, the police are already producing them on hand-cuffs after Jakhar had escaped from the court premises following a shootout by his supporters on May 14.Meanwhile, the trial in the murder case of Bhanwari Devi was adjourned till July 21 in the absence of Kailash Jakhar on Thursday. Jakhar is currently under police custody after he was rearrested from Sujangarh on July 2. Besides him, Mahipal Maderna, Bishna Ram Bishnoi and Om Prakash Bishnoi were also absent. Maderna was absent on health grounds whereas Bishna Ram and Om Prakash are in police custody after they were brought from Jodhpur jail on production warrant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14701648", "title": "First monsoon shower brings merriment for the citizens", "text": "KANPUR: The city received its first monsoon showers on Thursday morning. Contrary to the claims of met department of scattered rainfall, the region received heavy rainfall.The temperature declined considerably due to the showers. The rains recorded by met department till 2.30 pm was 3.5 mm. But the evening, it might have crossed 20 mm mark. The maximum temperature went down to 32 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature stood at 24.7 degrees.The sun shone during the afternoon period. Clouds again covered the sun, making the evening pleasant for the people. The humidity was 90% in the morning which reduced to 75% in the afternoon.The agricultural scientists of CSA claimed that the present showers will be a boon for the paddy farmers of the region as there wait for rain is over.According to the agricultural department, the market of mangoes will boom after first monsoon rain while vegetable prices may rise slightly.The market areas and parks were full of people celebrating the first monsoon showers. \"After a long time I came out with my friends for outing and without those gloves and stoles to cover my face and hands,\" said Mitali, a student. Many people enjoyed rains on terrace with 'chai' and 'pakoda'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14703332", "title": "Boy wonder aims high, wants to crack IIT-JEE", "text": "ALLAHABAD: He has never been to school but solves tough IIT-level questions of Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry and imparts tuitions to students aspiring for an entry in IITs. Meet Dinesh Dwivedi, an 11-year-old lad hailing from rural backward for whom solving IIT grade questions is an amusement. He is aiming to clear class XIIth exam next year and after that IIT.Living in a small rented room along with his father, elder brother and sister in Mutthiganj, Dinesh is favourite 'guruji' to hundreds of students who dream of cracking IIT but cannot afford expensive coaching classes. Although his pupils are far elder to him, they call him guruji even as Dinesh smiles and explains the toughest questions to his students within seconds. Not only does he explain the methodology, but is competent enough to pose questions of his own on any given topic of Mathematics, Physics or Chemistry.\"Two years back, my father took me to the government primary school of our village, Khiwali Kalen in Koraon Tehsil. But the teacher used to beat me so I left the school, Dinesh told TOI. \"Baad main Pitaji ne ginti aur pahada sikha dia, wahin se ganit main maza aane laga (later my father taught me numbers and tables, after which I got interested in Mathematics),\" he added.It was during last year's summer vacations when I started teaching him division which soon enhanced to the level of fraction in about a week's time. He started taking short courses of Science and Mathematics of class VIth to VIIIth and within one month, he learnt the entire course after which he wanted to learn more, said the elder brother of this little wonder, Om Shankar Dwivedi who is MSc in Mathematics from Allahabad University.Interestingly, since he had never been to school and his intrusive questions often irritated me, I told him \"bus ho chukka, bahut padh liya (Now you have learnt enough).\"Dinesh said: \"When my brother refused to teach me further, I said, 'tum hamko question do, aur phasa sako to phasa lo, agar hum sab question kar le gaye to hamko padhana padega' (you give me questions of your choice and if I solve them then you have to teach me further).\"I soon started attending tuitions and one day when my brother was not available for classes, I started taking tuition of these students. Soon, I was able to solve the questions of class IXth to XII and then I started solving the questions of IIT and other competitive exams, Dinesh said.Dinesh could be seen engrossed in thick books, all of various boards and writers along with reference books of IIT and AIEEE. \"Although I have never been to any school, now I am well versed in course of class XII in which I want to appear the next year and after that in IIT entrance test,\" said Dinesh.\"Any school can take my exam and if I clear it then give me admission,\" he added. I want to meet Anandji of Bihar (he was referring to Super 30 coaching run by Anand Kumar) who will guide me and I will surly clear IIT in the first attempt itself, said Dinesh. \"After completing engineering, I will give civil services and become a District Magistrate (DM) and after that a scientist,\" Dinesh told TOI about his wish list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14696979", "title": "Carmel student's suicide bid creates buzz on Facebook", "text": "BHOPAL: The alleged suicide attempt by a Carmel Convent student has created the buzz on Facebook. Criticizing the incident, a large number of former and current students from the school have extended their support to sister Reji, the school principal through 'Let our light shine', 'Support Carmel' and 'Carmel...Speak Up' pages on the social networking site.Both pages have received overwhelming response from a cross-section of the society. This can be gauged from the fact that within just four days of its creation, around 800 students joined the facebook page 'Let our light shine'.On June 28, a Class XI student, Neha (name changed), allegedly consumed poison alleging harassment by the school management.The responses to the incident have been many. One of the posts termed the whole episode a \"drama\". \"It was a well-planned drama created by that girl. Carmel is known for its discipline and it is a prestigious institution,\" a former Carmelite, Navya, posted on Facebook.Sreemoyee Biswas, who has recently passed Class XII from the school, posted, \"It is sad to see that everyone went on supporting the girl's drama. Carmel is not just a school but a place where teachers work hard to educate their students and make them civilized citizen.\"Another Carmelite, Nupur Kapoor, posted, \"I will never take any crap about my school. I have always been proud about being a Carmelite. I don't care which girl did what. All I am certain about is that Carmel cannot be put down on such lame issues. Carmelites are not silly headed bimbos and it is the time to prove it.\"Several students, who are not from the school, also hailed the students supporting the school management and it's principal. \"I am so happy to see that people who are not from our school are so supportive. Reading comments and status of such people make me proud as a Carmelite,\" Shivangi Mishra said.Hailing the idea of supporting the school principal by creating Facebook page, another Carmelite, Sneha Menon, posted, \"This is terrible. The best school is being shown in bad light and blamed for all the wrong reasons. People involved in it have no idea what wonderful experience we all had. We owe every bit of who we are to our alma mater. Proud to be a Carmelite. Let Our Light Shine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699437", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration warns of action against sale of Chinese milk products", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) on Thursday reiterated that they would initiate strict action against those found selling Chinese milk products in and around Pune.Import of milk and milk products from China has been banned in the country, since melamine, a chemical if consumed can harm health, was found present in some dairy product imported from China.\"The Directorate General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) on June 3 issued a notification by which it extended the ban on the import of milk and milk products from China till June 23, 2013.The ban extends to the import of chocolates and chocolate products, candies, confectioneries and any other food preparation with milk as an ingredient,\" Chandrashekhar Salunke, joint commissioner (food), FDA, Pune told TOI on Thursday.The DGFT had first banned import of Chinese milk products in September 2008 after reports suggested that they contained an industrial chemical called melamine which damages kidneys in the long run, Salunke said.\"Chinese dairy farmers were using this chemical to increase their profit margins. First they diluted milk by 30% and to show their milk has good protein content, they added melamine which is rich in nitrogen, the way proteins are. A quality-control equipment is designed to detect nitrogen and not melamine,\" said the official.\"Most of the chocolates were passed off as 'good' by the quality control system after the equipment detected required nitrogen content in milk products,\" officials said.With doubts lingering about any improvement in the quality of milk from China, the ban was allowed to continue.The ban has been extended at least four times since 2008. The last extension of the ban was effected from January 1 to June 24, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14701851", "title": "Badly laid speed breakers could damage your spine", "text": "TRICHY: Riding a two-wheeler on the city roads is often a back-breaking experience for motorists, thanks to speed breakers that are not laid in line with guidelines of the Indian Roads Congress (IRC).A fortnight ago, a speed breaker with a steep height was laid sans the required markings on it in Melapudhur. Unaware of the structure, a motorcycle borne youth met with an accident but managed to escape with injuries. E Paul Guna Loganath, a social activist from Trichy recalls a similar incident a few days ago, after a speed breaker with a steep height was laid in front of the Trichy corporation building. In both instances, the markings were put in place only after the mishaps took place. With the essential parameters being flouted, speed breakers that are meant to prevent accidents are proving instead to be the cause for road mishaps.In accordance with IRC guidelines, a perfect speed breaker should have a height of 10 cm with a 1.5 metre ramp on both sides. They should be painted with alternate black and white markings and luminous paint is recommended for better night visibility. Signboards warning riders should be placed 40 metres before speed breakers. IRC also makes the maintenance of speed breakers compulsory at regular intervals. The mud or dust collected on either side of the hump should be removed and repainting of the markings on speed breakers must be done regularly.However, most of these guidelines are often flouted with the height of speed breakers on arterial roads as well as on streets being too steep. The violations continue with no markings on the speed breakers as well as the lack of warning signboards. \"We have taken up the issue in the district road safety council meeting several times. But the violations are still going on,\" says M Sekaran, president of the federation of consumer and service organisation. \"We advocate the use of rubberized speed breakers instead of the existing method. Also, we find that the speed breakers disappear in case of a VVIP's visit,\" he said.A Trichy corporation staff on the condition of anonymity admitted that they rarely followed the guidelines of the IRC. Meanwhile, speed breakers built without the prescribed norms can be dangerous and cause various health hazards. \"The spinal cord is vulnerable to damage in case of a sudden jerk due to improper speed breakers. It can also cause vertebral compression fractures or a disk prolapse ,\" ortho specialist Dr S Jaikish said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14702928", "title": "As titans clash, Brit hopes soar", "text": "LONDON: There is something for everyone in the Wimbledon men's singles semifinal lineup, but the cry of the local favourite is perhaps the loudest.Andy Murray made the last-four stage of the Championships after a spirited showing against the battling Spaniard David Fererer late on Wednesday, stirring the hopes of the hosts. While the 25-year-old Scot plays powerful Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the much-anticipated match-up on Friday, six-time champion Roger Federer will take on defending champ Novak Djokovic in the more high-voltage encounter.Federer and Djokovic have played each other 26 times so far with the Swiss ace leading 14-12. However, their 27th match-up is unique in that it is their first meeting on grass. Federer said, \"Things are not drastically different from clay, hardcourt, indoor and grasscourt any more.\"But it is interesting that this is our first meeting on grass. I've been playing well for a year now. I am happy to be going into the semis not tired or injured or anything. I am fresh and ready to go and that's just how I want to feel before a semifinal.\"Djokovic has dropped only one set in five matches, taking four sets to defeat Czech Radek Stepanek, at the 2012 The Championships. He won both his meetings with Federer this season, including the semifinals at the French Open last month.The 25-year-old said, \"I think grass suits Roger's style of play the most. He has great variety in his game. He uses his serve to open up the court very well. He uses the slice to get to balls that bounce low. He can be very aggressive, he also defends well. It'll be an interesting match.\" Murray is through to the semifinals at the All-England Club for the fourth year in a row. He will go into Friday's meeting against Tsonga with a 5-1 head-to-head record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698493", "title": "SC verdict on Maya assets\u2019 case today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court is to deliver its verdict today on BSP chief Mayawati's plea, challenging the CBI probe in an alleged disproportionate assets (DA) case against her.Mayawati had filed a petition in May 2008 seeking quashing of the criminal proceedings against her in the DA case, lodged by the CBI eight years ago. She had alleged it was an act of political vendetta. A bench headed by P Sathasivam had reserved its judgment on May 1 after two-hour-long hearing during which the former Uttar Pradesh CM had accused the CBI of \"fixing\" the DA case, a charge refuted by the agency.Mayawati had said the bench should direct the CBI to consider the aspect of order passed by the Income Tax Tribunal holding that her income was genuine and the order had also been upheld by Delhi HC.The CBI said there was \"ample evidence\" to show that her declared assets of Rs 1 crore in 2003 was at Rs 50 crore in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14701260", "title": "Rain brings back threat of H1N1 virus in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Rains seem to have brought the H1N1 virus back in circulation in the city, with over 50% of this year's 67 positive cases reported in June alone.While 27 people tested positive in March, April and May put together, the number of cases zoomed up to 35 in June. In the first few days of July, five people tested positive for the virus. The BMC maintained that a slight increase in cases is expected and is nothing to worry about.On Thursday, four people tested positive for H1N1. Head of BMC's epidemiology cell Dr Mangala Gomare said, \"A 27-year-old woman from Sion Koliwada, a 32-year-old man from Vikhroli and 61-year-old man from Powai are the latest to test positive for H1N1. All are stable and treated on an OPD basis.\" A 30-year-old woman from Powai, who tested positive, was admitted to a private hospital but had stabilized, Gomare said.Experts say increased awareness has led to more people opting for screening by specialists. Between April to June, close to 21,000 people got screened though only 1% needed Tamiflu and less than 0.5% tested positive. Gomare said most of the positive cases were from affluent areas. \"Most positive cases are being tested in a private facility (SRL Religare lab). So more positive cases could also mean awareness and availability of testing facilities,\" she said.State epidemiologist Dr Pradeep Awate confirmed that there was a spurt in cases across the state. \"We have seen 40-odd positive cases in a fortnight. The virus is active so we have to be watchful,\" he said. He added that people should get tested if their doctors insist. \"Globally, H1N1 has taken the shape of a seasonal influenza but we have to be alert,\" he said. So far, 294 people in the state tested positive and 17 deaths were reported between April to July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700694", "title": "Lucknow-Mumbai flight makes emergency landing at Ahmedabad airport", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An Air India Lucknow to Mumbai flight made an emergency landing at Ahmedabad after an infant on board suffered seizures. The flight landed at city airport at 3.30 pm after which fifteen-month old Ansh Dutta was rushed to Apollo Hospitals . Doctors said that Dutta, who was traveling with his parents, is out of danger but will be under observation for two days.\"The infant started having seizures soon after the flight took off from Lucknow. As the nearest airport was Ahmedabad, the flight crew informed air traffic control of the medical emergency. We had a 108 ambulance stationed at the runway before the flight landed,\" said an Ahmedabad airport official.Doctors at Apollo said that the infant was brought well in time as a delay in medical attendance would have been dangerous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701259", "title": "Only 2 foreign applicants in Raj varsity this session", "text": "JAIPUR: The number of foreign students coming to pursue higher studies at the Rajasthan University has registered an all-time low this session. So far, RU has received only two applications - one from Afghanistan and the other from Sri Lanka - against 25 applications last year. The sharp decline can be attributed to the poor quality education that too taught in Hindi medium and stiff competition from new universities.Both the international applicants - Javed from Afghanistan in BA and Nisanka Sanjivini in PhD political science - were sponsored by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR). On other hand, Central University of Rajasthan (CU-Raj) has received three applications one each from Thailand, Kazakhstan and Iran. ICCR awards scholarships to thousands of foreign students every year under various schemes in Indian universities.\"Students already studying here have given poor feedback on the quality of education besides complaining that despite having opted for English medium during admission, they were taught in Hindi,\" said Anil Pawar, regional director, ICCR. He added that these students are seeking admissions in management, core science subjects and research programme. None have applied for social science subjects.This year, foreign students have skipped RU and opted for universities down south. However, the state's premier engineering institute MNIT is successfully attracting students from across the globe.For RU, the situation has worsened despite the university's efforts to highlight its achievements at international educational meets.RV Singh, dean of students' welfare, said the focus of foreign students is on professional degrees like MBA and science subjects. \"RU has earned a good academic reputation over the years in many countries. I am hoping that more students will turn up with some time remaining,\" Singh said.In 2010-11, 45 students from Afghanistan had come to RU. That time, RU was hopeful to attract a similar number of students from Afghanistan. But poor feedback from enrolled students has done the damage for the university.RU had always attracted students from West Asian countries like Iran, Iraq and Jordan. During 90s, it was on peak with an average of 60 students from these countries. The decline began with the rapid infrastructure development in these countries diverting the students to Dubai and Saudi Arabia among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698811", "title": "Driving licence test to get tougher", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government has proposed tougher norms for issuing driving licences across the country to ensure that people with sound knowledge of traffic rules and adequate training only get the right to drive a vehicle. Besides, to obtain a permanent driving licence, the applicant will have to undertake the driving test in a hilly terrain.The norms would include a compulsory objective based test - online for urban centres and manual for rural areas - in which the applicant has to score 60% mark to qualify for obtaining the licence. The decision was taken at a meeting held recently at the road transport highways ministry here.It was decided that the test should be videographed for transparency and fair conduct of tests.The committee constituted by the ministry has observed that driving test in hilly terrain is necessary because \"a large number of accidents take place when driver is driving in hilly area\". The government wants a separate test for obtaining driving licence for heavy and commercial vehicles, and those carrying hazardous materials.One of the major changes decided by the committee is compulsory training of every applicant from a recognized driving school before s/he applies for a licence.A mechanism will also be developed by the National Informatics Centre to get details of the driving schools and trainers. Plans are afoot to devise a system to audit and grade the driving training schools and instructors. Institutes of Driving Training and Research (IDTR) would be empowered to undertake these exercises.The government is in favour of an innovative driving test system for objective evaluation of applicants' driving skills. There is a proposal to make it mandatory for all applicants to drive vehicles on an automated test track. \"We will make these compulsory under the Central Motor Vehicle Rules (CMVR) so that every transport authority in the country has to follow the practice ,\" said a source. The automated test tracks would consist of '8' and 'H' forms. The applicant would also be evaluated based on how s/he parks a vehicle and the monitoring would be done through CCTV cameras to avoid human inference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700809", "title": "Police trace 16 missing children", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With help from various agencies, the state police have launched an intensive drive to trace missing children. City crime branch officials say that they have managed to find 16 missing kids over the past two days. The children include nine below the age of 14; four among the 16 children were abduction victims.According to crime branch officials, the case of an eight-year-old girl - whose disappearance was reported to Kagdapith police - has been solved with the discovery that she was with her mother at Daskroi. Moreover, a five-year-old girl has been found with her father in Naranpura. And an eight-year-old boy and a 13-year-old girl reported missing in Bapunagar were found from Ramol.\"Similarly, three other cases were registered with police in Madhavpura, Khokhra and Odhav in connection with missing children who were all below 14 years,\" said a crime branch official. \"They were found living with one of their parents. The respective police stations have been informed.\"Officials added that other detections were made in cases where girls above 14 years of age were reported missing. All the girls were found to have married their lovers and eloped. Four youths were rounded up and handed over to Madhavpura, Odhav and Navrangpura police stations.Crime branch officials said that so far they have been able to track down 59 of the missing children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702046", "title": "Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority will have to reapply for freeway nod", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has objected to a change in route of the eastern freeway near Wadala on forest land and has told the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) to reapply for environment clearance, leading to fears of a delay. The 16.6-km freeway was expected to be ready by December.The Central Salt Commissioner has also written to MMRDA, demanding Rs 6 crores to be paid as dues for the freeway going over its land.The freeway begins at Fort, on P D'Mello Road, and goes over Mumbai Port Trust Road, onto Ghatkopar. It Is to be one of the main road arteries on the eastern coast of the city when completed at a cost of Rs 847 crore.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said MoEF had made it clear that even a minor change, like the current one, will need new clearance. MMRDA will tell the state government to take up the issue with the Centre for using its land for state infrastructure projects for free. Asthana said he did not expect any delay in the project.MMRDA officials said the freeway will need an additional 500 metres of elevated roads as building them at ground level will mean a lengthy process as they have to wait for the salt land to settle before construction.The link, being built in three phases, came about after much discussion and debate. MMRDA has had to negotiate with the MPT for long before permission was granted to build the freeway over the port trust road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14697284", "title": "Village gets a government middle school", "text": "NEW DELHI: Badarpur Khadar, a village on the main Yamuna Pusta Road, has over a 100 families but was without a school till July 2. The Directorate of Education has informed the High Court that it is now running Government Sarvodaya (Middle) School from Badarpur Khadar. Before setting the school up, the DOE undertook a \"door-to-door\" survey in which they found that the centuries-old village had 351 children of school-going-age but a majority of whom were out of school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14697547", "title": "Higher education in Bengal set to get 'private' boost through new bill", "text": "KOLKATA: In an effort to broaden the spectrum of higher education, the state government is set to rope in private players and impart quality education at the university level. The effort of the Trinamool government is seen as a step ahead of the erstwhile government's decision to set up a private technical institute of higher learning, like the Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication at Kalyani, which didn't materialize.Just as in Rajasthan, Gujarat, Haryana, Punjab, Assam - where state governments enacted separate state Private University Act - the Bengal government has prepared a draft bill - The Techno India University Bill - for the specific purpose, as directed by the Supreme Court. The purpose of the bill is to capture the widening horizon of science, technology, law, management medicine and social sciences, which is not always possible through state efforts.The campus of the proposed university will be coming up in Salt Lake Sector III and Sector V and the university will also have facilities in Joka and Bishnupur. The government has confidence on the Techno India Group since it is running \"15 engineering colleges, 10 b-schools and 10 public schools with distinction.\"Unlike other state universities where the governor is the ex-officio chancellor, the managing trustee of the Techno India Group shall be the chancellor with committees, namely the Board of Governors, the Academic Council and the Finance Committee, placed under him. The board of governors will have absolute power on policy-making - from introducing courses to appointment of teachers and employees, including the vice- chancellor. State higher education secretary will be the only government representative in the board. The vice-chancellor will head the academic council and preside over the finance committee. The bill provides for a post of administrator who will run the administration under the vice-chancellor. The private university will have the power to confer degrees, diploma and award other distinctions and titles, the draft bill states.There is a reference under clause 30 of the draft bill that the university shall have to furnish reports, returns and statements to the government and the UGC from time to time. The limited reference to government is because the proposal has no \"financial implication.\"The Supreme Court judgment (Professor Yash Pal and Another vs. State of Chhattisgarh, 2005)that the government has followed while drafting the specific bill emphasizes that the state may constitute an appropriate committee comprising government officials and academicians to examine the financial soundness, expertise, academic potential of the applicant that proposes to set up the private university. The apex court wants state government to issue the Letter of Intent (LOI) to the application only after vetting the proposal and wait for a month for the corporate body to undertake the prescribed activities. Experts wonder whether the government followed the procedure before going for the Bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bettiah", "code": "14702681", "title": "Jeweller shot at, ornaments, cash looted", "text": "BETTIAH: A jeweller, Tarkeshwar Sah, a resident of village Rani Pakri under Muffasil police station in West Champaran district, was shot at and ornaments worth lakhs besides Rs 20,000 cash were looted from him by some motorcycle-borne armed criminals late Wednesday evening.Inspector Ajay Kumar Mishra along with a police team rushed to the spot when information regarding the incident reached the Muffasil police station. Mishra said three shots were fired from point blank range at Sah when he was returning home after closing his shop located at nearby Jaukatia village. The criminals then broke open the dickey of the bike and took away the ornaments and cash.Mishra said one empty shell of .315 bore was recovered from the spot adding the criminals came on motorcycle and escaped immediately after committing the crime. The villagers gathered near the spot after hearing the bullet shots and scream of injured Sah.\"Sah was rushed to the MJK Hospital, Bettiah, for treatment in a serious condition as he was bleeding profusely,\" said Mishra adding the doctors of MJK Hospital referred him to PMCH. Mishra said the criminals will be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699113", "title": "One-third UP girls marry before 18 years", "text": "LUCKNOW: Teenage pregnancy continues to be a bane in UP leading to a very high maternal mortality rate. In fact every tenth girl in the 15-19 years age group gets pregnant when she should be bearing a child only after 21 years of age. All this is due to the high percentage of girls getting married before the legal age of 18 years. The trend is higher in rural areas, scheduled castes and among lowest wealth index.These disturbing facts were revealed in a report 'Children in Uttar Pradesh - An atlas of Social Indicators' prepared by the Unicef which was released by chief secretary Jawed Usmani here on Thursday. Experts blame this early marriage trend for state's poor show on social indicators like infant and maternal health.Addressing on the occasion, the chief secretary said that children were the future of the country. Therefore, it is extremely important to improve their status. He also mentioned that child development and well-being of mothers were essential for the real growth of a state.\"Over 32.9% of the girls are married against the national average of 22.1% below the legally permissible age of 18 in the state,\" the report says. Figures showed that Shravasti accounts for maximum underage weddings and Bijnore records lowest number of child marriages. Teenage weddings are common in developed cities like Lucknow (18.2%) and Noida (21.8%) too.Early marriages lead to early pregnancies. On an average, 7.9% of girls in the 15-19 years of age get pregnant. While Unnao (2.4%) scores lowest on the count, Sonbhadra (15.8%) secures the top place.Adding to the misery is the problem of unsafe delivery. Despite so much of expenditure on promoting institutional delivery, only 30% of the pregnant women in the state deliver their babies in a safe environment. The number may stoop to a low of 10.6% as in case of Balrampur. Even in the best performing districts, the number of safe deliveries does not cross 57.6%.Principal Secretary, planning, RP Singh, revealed that over three crore children between the age of 0-6 years reside in the state. He appreciated the document which is a joint effort undertaken by the state government and Unicef.Chief of Unicef field office, UP, Adele Khudr, gave a brief presentation on various social indicators. She expressed happiness over decline in the rate of infant mortality rate. She however stressed that the room for improvement was still there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14696521", "title": "Kerala Forest Research Institute opens taxonomy garden", "text": "MALAPPURAM: In a move that is expected to bring a renaissance in the science of finding, naming and classifying plant species, the Kerala Forest Research Institute (KFRI) on Thursday opened a taxonomy garden at the Bio Resource Park adjacent to the Teak Museum compound in Nilambur.Touted to be the first of its kind in the country, the garden is spread over five acres and is built exclusively for researchers, scientists and science students. There is no entry for general public to the garden which features more than 1,000 species of plant varieties from 127 families.The garden has been broadly divided into two sections - herbs and shrubs, and tree species - with exclusive space for each family of plants. At least five varieties of plants from a family have been currently featured. \"Apart from plant species across the state, we will collect plants from neighbouring states too,\" said Ajith Kumar , technical assistant of the garden. Each section details the family name of the plants and its features. The info provided includes the general floral formulae of flowers, the total number of genera and species available, and the number of endemic species in that family of plants. Rare plants like Aristolochiaceae Indica (wild ginger) are also featured.U M Chandrashekharan, director of Nilambur sub centre of KFRI, said the garden will give accommodation to research students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14708173", "title": "Wimbledon: Paes-Vesnina in mixed doubles quarters, Bopanna out", "text": "LONDON: Veteran Leander Paes was the lone Indian left in fray at the Wimbledon as he reached the mixed doubles quarterfinals with Elena Vesnina after Rohan Bopanna and Jie Zheng crashed to a straight-set defeat in the last-eight stage of the same event.Fourth seeds Paes and Russia's Vesnina staved off a stiff challenge from the Belarusian combination of Max Mirnyi and Victoria Azarenka to win 7-6 (3) 6-3 and enter the quarterfinals.They will now be up against the Australian-Russian pair of Paul Hanley and Alla Kudryavtseva in the quarterfinals.However, it was curtains for 10th seeds Bopanna and Zheng, who lost 2-6 5-7 to second-seeded Americans Mike Bryan and Lisa Raymond in just 55 minutes.Paes, who was at the centre of a massive players' revolt that shook Indian tennis just before the Wimbledon, has a good shot at getting a confidence-boosting title on grass-court just ahead of the Olympics later this month.Rejected by his first-choice Indian men's doubles partners for the Olympics, the experienced warhorse would be seeking to prove a point as his mixed doubles partner for the big event, Sania Mirza , too had taken pot shots at him before agreeing to partner him.The players, who had criticised him so heavily, have all crashed out of their respective events in the Wimbledon, leaving Paes as the lone Indian flag bearer at the season's third Grand Slam.Paes and Vesnina were pushed hard in the match on Thursday but the duo drew from their experience to emerge triumphant.The first set went on serve and neither of the two teams could earn a break but with a fantastic first serve, the fourth seeds had the slight upper hand which proved decisive in the tie-breaker.The fact that Paes and Vesnina did not commit a single unforced error also tilted the scale in their favour after an opening battle of 49 minutes.The Indo-Russian combine was clearly the better of the two pairs in the second set as it converted two break points while saving seven to seal the issue after 43 minutes.In contrast, Bopanna and Zheng were thoroughly outplayed by their more experienced and higher-ranked rivals.The 10th seeds were broken thrice in the opening set itself which Bryan and Raymond won in just 21 minutes.In the second set, which lasted a little over half an hour, break points again proved decisive as Bryan and Raymond converted both the chances they earned to emerge triumphant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14699957", "title": "Morjim boys' football game turns into turtle rescue act", "text": "MAPUSA: A few boys from Morjim in Pernem rescued an injured turtle after it was tossed onto the beach by powerful waves Tuesday evening.Around 20 boys were playing football at dusk on the beach, but lost sight of their goal when the injured turtle was brought to shore by the waves. The first to see an object floating on the waves and drifting on water was Siddesh Shetgaonkar.He and three others, Gauresh Shetgaonkar, Dattaram Shetgaonkar and Sakharam Sawant, dropped out of the game and raced towards the shore.The four college students entered the water and noticed that the turtle appeared lethargic and unable to dive. \"It was just being tossed about with the waves, so we brought it to the beach,\" Siddesh said.\"It was a sea turtle weighing about 15 kg with an injured front flipper,\" Siddesh added.The students then turned saviours, hoping to do their bit to save the flippered animal of the endangered species. \"One of us thought of using the internet through a cellphone to search for the contact phone number of turtle rescue centres,\" a rescuer said. And that's exactly what they did.The boys managed to contact the state forest department, whose officials rushed to the spot and took the turtle for rehabilitation.\"It was a happy moment for us to be able to save the life of a threatened and endangered species,\" one of the rescuers told TOI.The injured turtle was rushed to international animal rescue centre for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14699835", "title": "5 superintendents of police promoted to selection grade", "text": "PANAJI: The state government on Thursday promoted five superintendents of police (SP) to the selection grade with immediate effect.The promoted SPs are Atmaram Deshpande, Arvind Gawas, Bosco George, Shekhar Prabhudessai and Vishram Borkar.The order was issued by N P Signapurkar, under secretary (personnel -II).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14696709", "title": "6 films on Babu Jagjivan Ram in 3 yrs on Lok Sabha TV", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lok Sabha TV will telecast a documentary on legendary parliamentarian Babu Jagjivan Ram on his 26th death anniversary on Friday. Nothing exceptional about that, but for the fact that the half-hour documentary is the sixth film produced on the dalit leader by the channel in the past three years.It is hardly a coincidence that in these three years, Babuji's daughter Meira Kumar has been Speaker of the Lok Sabha.While the channel, run by the Lok Sabha secretariat, has been telecasting documentary films on the lives of social and political leaders, freedom fighters and eminent parliamentarians since its inception in the UPA-I regime when Somnath Chatterjee was Speaker, not more than a single documentary has been made on each personality.All except former deputy PM Jagjivan Ram. Since Meira Kumar took over as LS Speaker in 2009, on an average, two documentary films a year have been produced on the dalit leader.All six films were made by staff producers of Lok Sabha channel. The first two documentaries were made by the same producer, Chandra Shekhar . The third, called Chandwa ke Chand, was made by G Pandey, who travelled to Ram's ancestral village Chandwa in Ara district of Bihar. Some of the film was shot on location, which is not the usual practice for documentary films produced by the low-cost channel, as it shoots up the budget.The fourth film, called Life of Service, was made by Charu Kartikeya while the fifth documentary on Jagjivan Ram was made by Ramesh Bhatt. The sixth and most recent film on the man has been made by Shalini.Lok Sabha TV CEO Rajiv Mishra said he had joined the channel only six months ago and was aware of only two films being made on Jagjivan Ram. Asked why six films had to be made on the same person, Mishra said, \"We have complete editorial freedom. There is no intervention from Lok Sabha secretariat or the Speaker's office.\"He added that the channel does a lot of documentaries and is planning a new \"series on legendary parliamentarians\". \"Our attempt is to highlight Parliament and policies in a positive manner,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14698391", "title": "Stop training Lankan air force personnel, TN parties tell Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: The UPA government at the Centre which earlier this year won accolades from various political parties in Tamil Nadu including its key ally, the DMK, for supporting the UNHRC resolution against Sri Lanka over its war crimes during the final stages of the conflict against the banned LTTE , faced flak from them on Thursday over the reported training programme for Lankan air force personnel at the IAF base in Tambaram here.Leading the charge was chief minister and AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa herself. In a strongly worded statement, she asked the Centre to take steps for sending the Lankan air force personnel back to their country after suspending their training. \"At a time when there are voices demanding equal status for Tamils in Sri Lanka, reports about Sri Lankan air force personnel receiving training at the Tambaram air force station have come as a shock to Tamil people. I strongly condemn this,\" she said.\"The fact that the Centre is imparting military training to the air force personnel of Sri Lanka is an insult to Tamil people,\" Jayalalithaa said. She slammed the Centre for remaining \"silent\" on a resolution passed by the Tamil Nadu assembly calling for economic sanctions against Colombo till minority Tamils are given equal status in the island nation.DMK chief M Karunanidhi , whose party is a key constituent of the UPA government at the Centre, also felt New Delhi must stop training Lankan air force staff and send them back. DMDK chief Vijayakanth, state Congress unit president B S Gnanadesikan, PMK leader Ramadoss and MDMK founder Vaiko joined the chorus against the training programme predictably pandering to the sentiments of ethnic Tamils in Sri Lanka.Nine Lankan air force personnel reportedly arrived here recently for a nine-month training. IAF sources, however, denied there were any Sri Lankan trainees at present at the Tambaram air base. \"We have trainees now only from Myanmar and Nepal ,\" the sources claimed adding, the training facilities were routinely offered to recruits from various asian countries.Defence analysts noted that behind the training programmes are strategic security considerations as well as long established trade and investment relations between neighbouring countries in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14702969", "title": "Drive safe to Chandigarh", "text": "LUDHIANA: A bypass will soon make your drive from Ludhiana to Chandigarh convenient and safer. While connecting the two cities, the 63-km bypass will give a miss to a host of killer stretches on the way, especially the T-point in Khanpur that has seen many fatal accidents in the last few years. The route would also reduce travel time by 20 minutes.The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) would construct the bypass that would have four and six lanes. It would start from Sidhwan Canal bypass at Neelon bridge, which is about 29 kilometers from here, and culminate at Chandigarh's Sector 39 roundabout. The stretch would not make the distance shorter, but less congestion on it will surely save commuters' time.Also a part of the project are three more bypasses. One has already been constructed at Morinda and the other two would come up at Khamanon and Samrala. Built like ring roads, these would enable a commuter reach Ludhiana.A toll plaza would be set up after 47 km of the stretch from Chandigarh. The bypass will also have six underpasses and two bridges. The first bridge would be built when the bypass crosses National Highway 21 of Kharar-Ropar road. The Punjab government is overseeing the construction from Neelon bridge to Ludhiana.Project director of NHAI Anil Dahiya said, \"We will soon send our plan to the Punjab government. If all goes well, then the bypass will be completed by 2015-16.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698317", "title": "Plea against lower than mandated fine under RTI", "text": "NAGPUR: A social activist has moved the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court challenging State Information Commissioner's (SIC) order to impose less fine than mandated on the Public Information Officer (PIO) AD More under Section 19 (3) of RTI Act 2005. A single-judge bench comprising Prasanna Varale on Thursday issued notices to the SIC, deputy commissioner of police Jivraj Dabhade, and the PIO, directing them to file an affidavit within six weeks.The petitioner Gajanan Zade is a member of the NGO Jan Manch. His lawyers Tushar Mandlekar and Vishwas Bagaddeo contended that the decisions taken by the SIC in response to an appeal filed by him were unjust and violated Sections 7 and 20 of RTI Act. The petitioner had sought some information regarding the action taken by the traffic police on vehicles lifted from 'No Parking' areas in Nagpur on May 9, 2011. However, he failed to receive any information within 30 days , as mandated by Section 7 of RTI Act and was also asked by the PIO to pay an amount of Rs 834 on June 12 last year, despite the fact that under RTI Act, information is to be supplied to citizens free of cost if it is not made available within the stipulated period of 30 days.The petitioner filed an appeal to the First Appellate Authority of RTI against this unfair demand but was compelled to pay the fees. He then filed a second appeal before the SIC, who ordered that the information be supplied to the petitioner. The petitioner argued that since he had received the information after 100 days, a fine of Rs 25,000 should be imposed on the PIO under Section 20 of RTI Act. However, the SIC did not pay heed to the petitioner's arguments and the PIO was let off with a fine of Rs 5,000.The petitioner prayed that the SIC's orders be quashed and a fine of Rs 25,000 be imposed on the PIO. Since he has still not received complete information requested by him, he also demanded that the necessary information should be provided to him free of cost.(Inputs by Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14708422", "title": "Rights panel pulls up police in custody death row", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha human rights commission (OHRC) on Thursday rapped the commissionerate police over the alleged custodial death of Sanjay Das and asked city DCP to submit a report within two weeks.Das had died in a private hospital on Wednesday morning a few hours after being arrested by Mancheswar police on charge of theft. Sanjay's bereaved family has alleged that he was subjected to torture in police custody, much to the denial of the men in uniform.\"OHRC took suo moto cognizance of the alleged custody death and directed the DCP to submit report highlighting the chronology of events and circumstances, leading to Sanjay's death,\" OHRC's registrar C R Mohapatra told TOI. \"We will accordingly act following submission of DCP's report after two weeks,\" Mohapatra said.Same day Sanjay's parents, widow and three children, including two girls also knocked the door of OHRC seeking justice. \"We are happy that the commission took note of the police brutality and sought report from DCP,\" his father Purushottam Das said.Earlier in the day, the family members staged demonstration in front of DCP Nitinjeet Singh's office demanding action against those cops, who allegedly assaulted Sanjay in custody. His wife and children were inconsolable and demanded adequate compensation for their rehabilitation. \"What will the children do now? Sanjay was the lone breadwinner in family,\" said his sobbing widow Jhunu Das. \"If the Capital Hospital had released Sanjay in good health, why did his condition deteriorated in police custody? He must have been beaten up,\" his brother Ajay Das said.Police reiterated that Sanjay was not tortured in police custody. \"He was beaten by some angry men, who caught him stealing battery from a vehicle. The modern police control room (PCR) received a call about the incident around 3.04 am. PCR van reached the spot quickly and again called up PCR seeking direction whether to shift Sanjay to hospital or bring him to police station,\" Singh said.\"We have the entire voice recording of conversation between the cops on field and our staff (PCR). Sanjay was immediately rushed to Capital Hospital by PCR van. After medication, he was taken back to police station. He complained of chest pain and our personnel shifted him to a private hospital where he died. There was no negligence on our part,\" Singh said. He already announced magisterial probe into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14697915", "title": "Two held for making fake certificates", "text": "INDORE: Police have arrested two persons, who were allegedly preparing fake certificates to earn fast bucks here on Thursday.The accused were identified as Narendra Sharma, resident of Gwalior and Sunil Bairagi, resident of Hoshangabad. However, Narendra was residing here in Scheme No. 51 and Sunil was in Vrindavan Colony in the city.On a tip-off, police reached Vrindavan Colony on Thursday evening and arrested the two, said RK Singh, Banganga police station in-charge. They were allegedly indulged in the trade of preparing forged character certificates, mark sheets and others, said Singh.He said that police also seized blank mark sheet and other certificates. No case was registered against the duo till the filling of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700493", "title": "At 50, IIM-A makes a financial turnaround", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time, the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) has a surplus of operating funds - Rs 6.83 crore. This is in spite of spending over a crore on its year-long golden jubilee celebrations and despite a 60% increase in pension liability.IIM-A has seen a change in its resources in the 50th year of its existence. The institute's balance sheet shows that against an operating loss of Rs 50.49 lakh in 2009-10, and Rs 6.33 crore in 2008-09, IIM-A has generated greater income than expenditure, Rs 11 crore in 2010-11. Out of this, the institute transferred Rs 4.38 crore to its corpus, thus creating a surplus of Rs 6.83 crore.\"For the first time, the institute achieved an operating surplus in 2011, after fully funding the pension liability of the institute. This was achieved despite increase in the actuarial value of the pension liability by about 60% to Rs 860 million (due to sixth pay commission's recommendations) by the end of 2011,\" Samir Barua, director, IIM-A, said in the annual report of the institute.The surplus is a major achievement for IIM-A, which decided not to solicit grants from the Union Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) in 2003. According to Barua, the institute achieved this through prudent management of costs and generation of opportunities.The institute collected Rs 61.59 crore as fees and other income from long duration programmes and Rs 51.22 crore from management development programmes and projects.At present, IIM-A's corpus stands at around Rs 55 crore. IIM-A's corpus in 2008-09 was about Rs 44 crore, down from over Rs 51 crore in the previous two years. The corpus had gone down due to the Sixth Pay Commission.The golden jubilee celebrations included four international conferences, alumni reunions with participation across batches, publication of a series of management books among other activities.The institute has been tapping its alumni and also plans to enter corporate alliances to raise funds. IIM-A raised a sum of Rs 38 crore from former students by hosting numerous alumni meets on the occasion of its silver jubilee celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14703533", "title": "Are you a good or a bad mom? Your genes decide", "text": "WASHINGTON: Whether or not a woman is a good mother is at least partly controlled by genetics, say researchers. A study has found that a gene, AVPR1A, and in particular one of its alleles, called RS3 can influence maternal behaviour. The findings, published in the latest Royal Society Biology Letters, strengthen the growing body of evidence supporting that genetics can affect parenting skills.\"Based on previous studies and our current study, it is safe to say that some parental behaviours, such as sensitivity, supportiveness and responsiveness are, in part, genetically influenced,\" co-author Ariel Knafo said.\"The R3 allele that we linked in the current study to lower levels of maternal gentle guidance (i.e use of reasoning, polite requests , positive comments, or suggestions) and structuring (i.e preventing distractions, setting goals, and demonstrating and explaining certain actions or materials to the child) during a play interaction, was previously linked by us to preschoolers' lower altruistic behaviour and generosity,\" added Knafo, a professor in the Department of Psychology at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Knafo and colleagues Reut Avinun and Richard Ebstein made the determinations after studying 135 mothers interacting with their 3.5-year-old twins. Children, on average, share 50% of their alleles with their parents. A child who does not carry AVPR1A RS3 allele could, for example, \"experience more warmth than the aggressive child\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14698589", "title": "Many namesake colleges under Bangalore Univeristy umbrella", "text": "BANGALORE: Call it a mockery of education -- a college with just two faculty members, functioning in a school premises and without toilets. What's even harder to digest is that the Local Inquiry Committee (LIC), after an inspection of the college, recommended that its affiliation could be renewed. The Bangalore University- affiliated college in Kudlu Gate offers BCom, BCA and BBM courses. In another case, an LIC chairman visited the college he runs and gave a green signal in the report he compiled.These are not one-off cases. Reports submitted by LIC are full of errors and lame observations. A report prepared by a LIC headed by K Eresi about Government First Grade College, Srinivasapura, reveals that five out of six computers in the college lab are dysfunctional. The science laboratories function in less than 100 sq ft of space and have no lab instructor or assistant. In fact, there were no takers for the BBM course last year and results have been poor. There are only 16 permanent lecturers, when there should be 40. It's the so called guest lecturers who are teaching. Unfortunately, 13,000 UG students are taught by guest lecturers and there is no teacher for Chemistry. The library is small, with a capacity of 15 people.The academic council received many such shocks on Thursday when LIC reports were filed at the council meet. Some members argued that if a college had to be derecognized for minor glitches, then around 400 colleges will have to shut shop.LICs visit all colleges under the varsity every year to renew the affiliations of existing courses or recommend increase in intake. \"Many of them lack enough information and concrete observation. Despite obvious flaws and deficiencies, many suggest renewals. So much of money is spent on each LIC report. And is this what we get,\" asked Karan Kumar, one of the council members.Vice-chancellor N Prabhu Dev explained: \"The government has written to the university asking it to go lenient on government colleges. This is considering the kind of students who enroll there. They are usually from the economically weaker backgrounds, SCs, STs, minorities.\"However, not many were willing to buy these reasons and argued that the condition of many institutes was too pathetic to be overlooked.Since the reports failed to satisfy the group of academics, it was decided to defer the subject to another meeting where the chairmen of the LICs can explain their actions.It has been decided to set up a committee to look into the government colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14702230", "title": "Aaam-e-khaas time at Pinjore gardens", "text": "PANCHKULA: This weekend is special for mango lovers. They can taste different varieties of the 'king of fruits' at the annual mango fest being organized at Pinjore gardens.The two-day fest will be inaugurated on July 7.Not only this, all senior citizens who will be coming through associations and differently-abled persons would be given free entry at the fest and offered free lunch.\"Apart from showcasing various varieties of mangoes, a cultural evening would also be held. A special food court has also been set up,\" said financial commissioner and principal secretary, tourism, Vijai Vardhan. He further added, \"In order to ensure quality, food stalls have been put up by hotel management institutes.\"This is the 21st mango fest which is being organized jointly by the Haryana Tourism and the Horticulture Department, Haryana, at Pinjore Gardens.\"The aim is to encourage farmers too so that they may adopt latest technologies to increase the productivity and quality of the mangoes and their product,\" said financial commissioner and principal secretary of the agriculture department Roshan Lal.Apart from cultural programmes, various competitions like rangoli, face painting, drawing and mango eating would also be held. A fancy dress competition with the mango theme too will be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14699513", "title": "Goa Cricket Association members sacrifice Vinod Phadke and throw weight behind Salkar", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Cricket Association president Vinod Phadke has broken rank with the group of 11 managing committee members that sensationally revolted and dethroned Dayanand Narvekar.The biggest threat to Dr Shekhar Salkar's presidency was known to be Phadke, but the current GCA president's ambition has been scuppered -- for the moment -- after the state government apparently made it clear that he cannot occupy any position in the association due to his express indictment by the Pendse Commission.\"The group of 11 that dethroned Dayanand Narvekar as president has now become a group of 10. Phadke is not with us since the state government has made it clear that he cannot hold a post in GCA. All of us are backing Salkar for the president's post. He is our leader,\" said GCA secretary Prasad Phaterpekar.The Pendse Commission that inquired into the activities of the association for five years between 1997 and 2002 had reached the \"inevitable conclusion\" that Dayanand Narvekar, Vinod Phadke and the then treasurer Rama Shankardas were involved in the printing and distribution of fake tickets.The commission noted that the \"Sports Authority of Goa may consider withdrawing recognition to the GCA until the entire managing committee vacates the office and Narvekar, Phadke and Shankardas do not participate hereinafter in the management of the association.\"The unexpected turn of events is in tune with huge stakes in the race for a place in the GCA managing committee. Phadke was learnt to be an important player in the race for the top post. He had also made his presidential ambitions known but a chance meeting with chief minister Manohar Parrikar and it became clear that Salkar was the man the state government were throwing their weight behind.\"We are all (G-10) proceeding with our nominations on Friday. The government is backing us and there is no question of anyone else becoming the GCA president apart from Salkar,\" reiterated Phaterpekar.How Salkar would accommodate all of the revolting members was not clear. At least two of the G-10 members would have to be left out of the managing committee and later co-opted since at least five to six new faces are expected.The role of former GCA secretary, Chetan Desai, also an important player in the elections, was not immediately known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703884", "title": "IFS officer admits owning two flats on \u2018govt land\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Devyani Khobragade, an Indian Foreign Service officer and daughter of former BEST GM Uttam Khobragade, told the judicial commission probing the Adarsh case on Thursday that she owned two flats in buildings that were constructed on land allotted by the government.She became a member in Adarsh in 2004. A year later, she acquired a flat in Meera Cooperative Society in Oshiwara, which was constructed on land allotted by Mhada. Asked whether her father was connected with Mhada during his career, she replied: \"Yes. He was Mhada's managing director, but I do not remember the year.\" She said she sold the Oshiwara flat in 2008 for Rs 1.9 crore.Devyani said she was posted in Germany when she applied for Adarsh membership. \"The application was signed by my father on my behalf.\"Devyani was shown a sale deed which showed that she was allotted the Oshiwara flat on July 5, 2004. But she insisted that her undertaking that she did not own a flat in Mumbai when applying for Adarsh on July 29, 2004, was correct since the Oshiwara flat was allotted to her in May 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14700276", "title": "2 road diversions for Rapid Metro last leg", "text": "GURGAON: To complete the final leg of construction along the Rapid Metro rail route, there are two new road diversions planned for commuters as an alternative around the Cyber City area effective from Saturday morning.The diversions would be operational till the end of this year.\"We chose Saturday since it is a weekend and we expect lesser traffic volumes on that day. By Monday, we would have a fair idea whether there is any upgradation required to man the traffic flow along this new route,\" explained Sarvesh Tiwari, spokesperson, Rapid Metro Rail Gurgaon Ltd.The traffic heading from Sikanderpur/Sector 56 and going towards Delhi will now use the same exit to NH-8 which is being used for by traffic taking a turn towards IFFCO Chowk at present. Till now, the traffic going towards NH-8 towards Delhi or Udyog Vihar would take a turn in front of Gateway Tower at Shankar Chowk and then a right under the Shankar Chowk flyover. The traffic from Sikanderpur/Sector-56 going towards Delhi will now take a compulsory right turn from Rapid Metro pillar number 103 (in front of ship building) to use the service road along the flyover to reach Shankar Chowk. The traffic coming from Sector 56/Sikanderpur and going towards Cyber City will remain unaffected and will move as per the existing plan, said Tiwari.The second diversion will be the existing U-turn at Shankar Chowk for traffic going towards IFFCO Chowk and DLF Phase II will be blocked. The oncoming traffic will now take a U-turn from the next turn approximately 100 metres ahead under the flyover (in front of Neha Nursery) to reach Cyber City as well as DLF Phase II. This might cause slight inconvenience for traffic which is exiting from Udyog Vihar near India Bulls to reach the Converges building or DLF Phase II as they will have to travel along Cyber City to make the exit near pillar number 103.\"In consultation with the traffic police, RMGL has planned this traffic diversion to ensure minimum inconvenience to the vehicular movement. The diverted roads will have the same width of 12 metres as that of the existing road,\" said Tiwari.The private players will put up signage in advance to inform the traffic of the new diversions. \"We would also depute additional traffic marshals for guiding the traffic,\" said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700688", "title": "Food and Drugs Control Administration's website features list of chemists", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Locating a 24 hr chemist shop near you or even trace chemists who stock life saving drugs is just a click away. Food and Drugs Control Administration (FDCA) has launched a special website where this new provision has been made available.The website is called 'www.xlnfda.guj.nic.in' on which patients can immediately locate chemist shops at the click of their mouse during emergencies.\"This facility is called the Extended Laboratory Node and it is a networking software that links our offices. By this new system, people can log on to this website and even check availability of various scheduled drugs. Another advantage is that the patient can rest assured that the chemists listed on our website are registered ones,\" said a senior FDCA official.Besides this, general public can also see a detailed list of the latest spurious or sub standard drugs circulating in the market along with their batch numbers. A special facility in this software is a module where one can even locate homeopathy and Ayurvedic drug centers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14702595", "title": "Farmer commits suicide by consuming pesticide", "text": "THANE: A farmer in Bedegaon village in Bhiwandi taluka, Thane, allegedly committed suicide on Wednesday by consuming pesticide. The deceased, Haribhau Tanpude (45), was reportedly upset as all his crops had been destroyed 20 days ago due to lack of rainfall and debts were mounting.Tanpude left his house early in the morning on Wednesday after telling his family he was going to his farm. Some villagers later found him unconscious at a deserted spot near his farm.When his family reached the spot, they realized that he had consumed pesticide. They rushed him to the gram hospital nearby, where no doctors were present. Doctors at the Thane civil hospital, where he was taken after being shunted around three hospitals, declared Tanpude dead later in the day.Tanpude has four kids, two daughters and two sons. He owed Rs 27,000 to the state government-run rural sahakari bank. His troubles started last year, when all his crops were damaged due to heavy rain and the family had to buy food for their daily use from the market.Tanpude's elder son Kalpesh said, \"After the crop failure at our farm last year due to heavy rains, we had to depend upon the market to buy foodgrain and other crops for our daily needs, which led to debt. This year, we had a lot of expectations from the crop. We had bought seeds worth Rs 4,000 for cultivation, but due to delay in rainfall, all our crops got damaged. All this affected my father very badly.\"Balaram Bhoir, secretary of Shramjivi Sanghatana said that, \"State government should provide compensation to the family of farmers as if rain had come on time then his crops would be not destroyed and he would able to repay the loan\".Sangeeta Bomte, member of Thane Zillah Parishad said, \"After incident local tehsildar Sunil Shinde visited the spot but almost 24 hours has passed to the incident but local police is still to make panchnama of spot which is necessary to get compensation to the victim's family.Thane nagar police where victim died have registered accidental death report and transferred it to Ganeshpuri police station.Victim's family alleged delay of treatment on time led to death of Haribhau. Family claimed that after they saw victim unconscious they took him to around four hospitals across Thane district and at some hospital doctors were not present while at some hospitals treatment facility was not available.Kalpesh victim's son said, 'After we found my father in unconscious at around 8 am in village we first rushed him at nearby Ambadi Gramin hospital but doctors were not present then later we took him to Ganeshpuri primary hospital but staff at hospitals claimed that doctors are busy in the meeting and recommended us to Bhiwandi based Indira Gandhi Memorial hospital where doctors claiming my father recommended to Thane civil hospital\"Kalpesh alleged that it was around 12 am when doctors at Thane civil hospital told us first to make papers of hospital and till I stand in queue to make papers my father was died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14701769", "title": "Coastal body withheld green nod to Sea Rock plan", "text": "MUMBAI: Plans to build a luxury hotel where the landmark Sea Rock Hotel once stood at Bandra Bandstand have been stalled. State government sources said the 5.5 FSI project has received neither the environmental clearance nor approval under the Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) notification. The Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA) raised queries about the project and refused to endorse it. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) too has not granted the 5.5 FSI project the mandatory commencement certificate, TOI has learnt.There is also the contentious issue of how much Floor Space Index (FSI) the new tower is entitled to. FSI defines how much built-up area there can be on a plot. The state government had earlier sanctioned an FSI of 2.5, so for every square metre of plot there could be 2.5 square metres of built-up area. However, in 2009, then chief minister Ashok Chavan permitted additional FSI of 3, thereby allowing the project to get a humongous FSI of 5.5.A PIL asks how two CMs can use discretionary powers on the same project. \"The additional FSI granted by Chavan had nothing to do with the chief minister's discretionary powers. It was sanctioned as per the Development Control Rules (DCR) of 1967,\" said a senior bureaucrat in the state Urban Development (UD) department. Under the 1967 DCR, starred hotels were allowed to exceed 1 FSI, said sources.In May, the MCZMA raised queries about the project. It directed the BMC and UD department to furnish the \"speaking order\" that sanctioned the additional 3 FSI. It also asked the BMC to confirm the existing land use and if the hotel proposal and FSI sanction fell under the provisions of Development Control Rules, 1967. The authority directed the developer to indicate the CRZ category clearly on the CRZ survey map prepared by IRS Chennai. The CRZ area is 500 metres from the high-tide line on the landward side. CRZ-1 is an ecologically sensitive area (mangroves, inter-tidal zone etc) where no development is allowed. CRZ-2 areas are more urban and require MCZMA sanction for restricted construction.The MCZMA noted that it had received a complaint from Delhi-based lawyer Sonia Raj Sood alleging that the area was CRZ-I. It had also received a complaint from Playmate Club Members Association \"with a request to stop Sea Rock Redevelopment work''. The senior bureaucrat, meanwhile, claimed the sea-facing property fell under CRZ-II and not the more stringent CRZ-I.In 2009, the Tata-run Indian Hotels Company paid Rs 680 crore for an 85% stake in ELEL, the holding company of Sea Rock. Since then, the old 440-room hotel, which was partially damaged during the serial blasts of 1993, has been pulled down and the Tatas planned to build a 140-metre-tall luxury hotel (around 35 storeys) in its place. The plan was to integrate the new hotel building with the existing Taj Land's End nearby. The Tatas planned to build an integrated complex comprising hotel rooms, a large convention centre and retail outlets housing well-known brands. Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces, a Tata group company, was to invest another Rs 500 crore to rebuild on the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14708908", "title": "Facebook invests in 10,000 km APAC undersea cable", "text": "LONDON: Facebook has invested in an Asian undersea cable project which has been designed to improve internet speeds for citizens and businesses in the region.The 10,000 km Asia Pacific Gateway (APG) system will run directly from Malaysia to South Korea and Japan, with links branching off to other countries like India, Indonesia and Philippines.Facebook said the move would support efforts to boost membership in what was already one of its fastest growing markets, BBC reports.\"Our investment in this cable will help support our growth in South Asia, making it possible for us to provide a better user experience for a greater number of Facebook users in countries like India, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Hong Kong, and Singapore,\" the report quoted a spokesman saying.The project to construct and maintain APG is funded by a group that includes two large Chinese internet service providers, China Telecom and China Unicom.Facebook is not the first major US internet firm to invest in web infrastructure.Google announced in 2008 that it would invest in a 300 million dollars undersea cabling system called Unity between Asia and the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698217", "title": "Meet to form Naxal standard operating procedures on July 13", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with flak over suspected civilian deaths in the anti-Maoist operation in Chhattisgarh last week, the CRPF defended its action saying it had identified seven of those killed in the Bijapur encounter as Naxals, against whom a number of criminal cases had been lodged in the state.Union home minister P Chidambaram too expressed confidence that the operation was \"genuine\", while reiterating that he was sorry if any innocent person was killed. Speaking in Kolkata, the minister said, ``Now we have names of 16/17 people. We know their names. Their ages. At least three to four had previous criminal records. Their previous records clearly associate with left wing extremism. All these facts point to a genuine encounter.''He said that if Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh wanted an inquiry, \"that is a call he is entirely free to take. DG, CRPF said there was nothing to hide. They (CRPF) suffered six casualties.\"Responding to questions the home minsiter said, \"In a case, when the security forces return the fire and they inflict casualties, I am surprised you call it a fake encounter. And when they (security forces) won't fire back, you call them incompetent.\"CRPF identified the seven dead as Madkam Suresh, Madkam Nagesh, Madvi Ayatu, Kaka Nagesh, Korsa Bijje, Madkam Dilip and Irpa Narayan as Maoists who were killed on the intervening night of June 28-29 when joint security forces retaliated after they were `fired upon'.According to information made available by Bijapur Police to the CRPF, various cases of violence, attack on police teams, killing and attempting to kill police personnel among others were lodged against these seven Naxalites in various police stations in the state between 2006 and 2011.\"The matter whether those other killed are jan-militia or supporters of Naxals is under investigation,\" the CRPF said in a statement here.At least 20 Naxalites, including a woman, were killed in the dense jungles of Dantewada in Chhattisgarh that also left six CRPF jawans wounded.The CRPF had recovered 18 bodies while one person, suspected to be a Naxalite, died after he was shifted to a hospital in Raipur as he had sustained bullet injuries.Following allegations that civilians had been shot down in the incident, the home ministry has called a meeting next week to formulate standard operating procedures for future action against Naxals. The move comes after controversy that at least some among the 19 people killed in last week's anti-Maoist operation were civilians.The July 13 meeting will take stock of the ongoing anti-Naxal offensives in different states and emphasize on taking maximum precautions to avoid any civilian casualty during the fight against Maoists.The meeting will be attended by DGPs of all Naxal-affected states, chiefs of paramilitary forces and senior home ministry officials.A clear directive is expected to be issued to security forces engaged in anti-Maoist operations to abandon the exercise if civilians are being used by Naxals as human shield during day time, sources said.Besides, if any operation is conducted at night, forces will also be asked to make enough arrangement to illuminate the area to figure out whether the Maoists are trying to take civilians along with them besides carrying night vision equipment.Claiming that the Bijapur encounter was \"bona fide\", sources said the forensic report has suggested the forces were indeed attacked by adversaries, which buttressed the paramilitary force's assertion that they were forced to retaliate on being attacked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14698597", "title": "Satyendra Nath Bose towers over Higgs in world of physics", "text": "KOLKATA: City-based scientists are glad that Bengal remembered 20th century physicist Satyendra Nath Bose when the world celebrated the confirmation of the Higgs boson particle on Wednesday. But they were also anguished that Bose never quite received the honour or adulation that Swami Vivekananda or Rabindranath Tagore did.The 'boson' in the Higgs boson particle, whose search and ultimate detection was one of the longest and most expensive in the history of science, owes its name to Bose. In 1924, the city-based physicist had sent a paper to Albert Einstein , describing a statistical model that led to the discovery of the Bose-Einstein condensate phenomenon. The paper laid the basis for describing the two classes of subatomic particles - bosons, named after Bose, and fermions, after Italian physicist Enrico Fermi .\"It's nice to raise a toast to Bose anytime, a scientist past excellence whose contribution to physics is so immense that the discovery of Higgs particle pales in comparison. But it is sad that we are celebrating him on an occasion like this. He is too big a scientist to bask in the reflected glory of a Higgs particle. Bose's theory is fundamental to the subject. Had Higgs particle not existed, it would not have mattered. But without Bose, science would have had to return to the roots,\" said scientist Subir Sarkar, who was part of the research team at the Geneva-headquartered European Centre for Nuclear Research .Bose, whose work on quantum mechanics in the early 1920s provided the foundation for the Bose-Einstein statistics and the theory of the Bose-Einstein Condensate. \"When Bose statistically spoke of the nature of a conglomeration of particles, Particle Physics was not a stream and only a few particles had been discovered. Neutron was yet to be discovered. His work was path-breaking,\" said Suchandra Datta, another scientist associated with CERN. Sarkar and Datta now work at the Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics (SINP), named after Meghnad Saha, yet another pioneering scientist from Kolkata.Despite Bose's huge contribution to science, the only lasting legacy is the SN Bose National Centre for Basic Science that was established by an Act of Parliament in 1986. Though honoured with the Padma Vibhushan in 1954 and appointed National Professor in 1959, the scientist failed to grab the imagination like Swamiji, Gurudev, Subhas Bose or even Sourav Ganguly. Known to worship its heroes, the city let down one of its most brilliant sons.Tagore dedicated his only book on science Visva-Parichay to Bose. \"What's remarkable about Bose is that he was a self-taught scholar with a wide range of interests - physics, mathematics, chemistry, biology, mineralogy, philosophy, arts, literature and music. He did his best to promote science among the people by translating scientific papers into Bengali. Bose's contribution to the world was as much as the more celebrated heroes of Bengal,\" said Satyaki Bhattacharya, yet another scientist at SINP who has been associated with CERN.But does the lower case 'b' in boson derived from the scientist's surname rankle them. \"Certainly not!\" Sarkar said emphatically. \"If anything, it elevates Bose from an individual and makes him an integral part of science. That is something that all Bengali scientists should be proud of,\" he explained.On Thursday, Satyendra Nath Bose also started trending on Twitter. Taslima Nasreen led the twitterati in pouring accolades for Bose. There was also a demand among them to award Bose a Bharat Ratna posthumously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "14700785", "title": "Chitradurga officials divided over allotment of homes under Basava-Indira housing scheme", "text": "CHITRADURGA: Confusion prevailed at an awareness meeting held on Wednesday after members of the Chitradurga taluk panchayat and gram panchayat differed over selection of beneficiaries for the additional sanction of houses under Basava-Indira housing scheme. They alleged that guidelines for the selection were not being followed. Some of the members demanded scrapping of the list.JD(S) MLA SK Basavarajan said that both minister V Somanna and MP GM Siddeswara MP have been generous to sanction 3,524 houses in Chitradurga taluk.The members could get more houses sanctioned by meeting the minister and the MP so as to accommodate some more beneficiaries. But that will take time, he said.Also lists were to be forwarded to the government on July 6, which is the last date. So he urged the members to accord approval to the selection list at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698694", "title": "Two youths caught for stealing bikes, snatching chains", "text": "NAGPUR: The crime branch has netted two persons, including a polytechnic student, for their involvement in a spate of chain-snatchings and vehicle thefts earlier this week. It is learnt that the duo was driven to theft and robbery to fund their habit of visiting brothels. Police have detected half-a-dozen offences and recovered 21gm gold and three bikes from them.A crime branch squad under senior police inspector Madhao Giri arrested Gaurav Dongarwar (19) and Akash Sharanagat (20) after receiving a tip-off about their involvement in the crimes. Sharanagat is a polytechnic student. Police said the duo had been frequent visitors to the city's notorious red-light area Ganga Jamuna for some time.This is the first time the duo has been arrested, so they have no past criminal record. Police said Dongarwar and Sharanagat usually committed offences in the day. \"The duo just took care to avoid roads on which police were present and checking bikers in nakabandi',\" said a senior official.The duo, who may have accomplices too, had been engaged in criminal activities for the last few months. They admitted to chain-snatchings at Ambazari, Kotwali and Dhantoli, besides bike thefts at Sitabuldi, Nandanwan and Tehsil.Police said the duo stole bikes from unmanned parking places and used these two-wheelers for snatching chains. The duo would abandon the bikes after the chain snatching. Police said the duo would not even care to change the registration number of the stolen bikes, which is the modus operandi of most chain-snatchers nabbed so far.Dongarwar and Sharanagat would dispose of the stolen gold chains at Sakoli in Bhandara through a dhaba owner. The duo would also leave the stolen bikes at Bhandara from where the crime branch squad comprising head constable Abdul Wahab Desai, Vijay Nemade, Virendra Yadav, Amar Gaidhane and others recovered the bikes.Sources in the crime branch said the two committed the mistake of parking one of the stolen bikes in front of a friend's house, which led to their arrest. Police first picked up Dongarwar as he was trying to sneak away in a state transport bus. The cops had to intercept the bus to nab Dongarwar. Sharanagat was arrested later. Police said more arrests are expected in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14701480", "title": "Judiciary making impossible to act against terror outfits: Jilani", "text": "NEW DELHI: In his meeting with S M Krishna, while the foreign minister reinforced the commitment of India's political leadership to bring the 26/11 guilty to book, Pakistan's foreign secretary Jalil Abbas Jilani took the plea that the executive in his country has to contend with an independent and aggressive judiciary in handling cases of terror. He said that the judiciary made it impossible to act against any terror group or an individual like Hafiz Saeed without enough evidence against them.Jilani even cited what happened to former Pakistani PM Yousuf Raza Gilani recently to buttress the argument.Government sources said that despite the over two-year-long reengagement process currently underway, the Indian government may find it difficult to move ahead if Pakistan doesn't act against terror groups and bring the Mumbai attacks accused to justice. Krishna told Jilani that the attack happened before the eyes of the entire nation, and that India just cannot brush it aside.Earlier in his meeting with foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai, Jilani also complained about the Indian side indulging in a \"hostile propaganda\" against Pakistan by not talking about any evidence in the Mumbai case with Pakistani authorities. He told the Indian side about New Delhi's campaign against Pakistan through the media by giving away this evidence to them, and making it public. Krishna, however, told Jilani that he will try and visit Pakistan in early September to take the dialogue process forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14700249", "title": "Business blooms for beggars during month of Sawan", "text": "RANCHI: \"Bhagwan ke naam pe kuch de de baba (give something in the name of God)\" pleaded a beggar as people proceeded to offer their prayers at Pahari Mandir on the start of Sawan.The start of Saawan is not just a time of business for shopkeepers and vendors around Pahari Mandir but it is also a boom time for beggars as people usually give them alms in a bid to cleanse themselves of sins.Lachchu, a beggar at the temple, said: \"This is the time when people are in a generous mood and give me money on their way to temple. If I sit on the roadside on regular days then I rarely get any money. During the Sawan people don't think twice before loosening their purse strings.\"The beggars at the temple not just belong to Ranchi but also come from the nearby villages. Mansukh, a beggar said, \"I have come from Gumla and I'll stay here throughout the month. Here I shall earn more than what I earn in my city in the whole year.\"People who come to offer prayers give away anything ranging between Rs 5 and Rs.100 to the beggars as alms. Nitish Singh, who offered a Rs 20 note to a beggar at the temple, said, \"It is said that when you donate something to the poor, your sins are washed away. As this is an auspicious month I thought of distributing some money among the poor.\"Apart from money, the beggars also get food, blankets and clothes offered by a rich devotee or a devotee whose prayers have been heard visit the temple. Chanva, a beggar, said, \"During this month people often provide us food when their wishes are fulfilled. At times some devotee or the other offer us blankets and clothes which help us in the winter.\"On the other hand, these beggars create serious problems for devotees as they block the route leading to the top of the hill and become a headache for the administration.SDO Shekhar Jamuar said, \"We work hard to ensure that devotees don't face problems on their way to the temple but these beggars sit on the stairs and block the way. If we stop them from climbing the stairs in day time, they go up at night and stay there.\" He said although the number of beggars is less now, hundreds of beggars will be seen flocking the temple gates on the first Monday of Saawan, thereby, making it all thevmore difficult for devotees to visit the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700487", "title": "Nayeem\u2019s rival done to death", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fugitive gangster Nayeemuddin's associates chased and killed a realtor near a dhaba in Ghatkesar on Wednesday night.At around 9 pm, 40-year-old Asgar Hussain, the realtor who was once an associate of Nayeem, went to a place located behind Royal Taj dhaba in Ghatkesar along with his associates Praveen, Pandu and Basha to consume liquor and have dinner. Within 15 minutes, five men came to the spot with knives and swords and started attacking Asgar. Though Asgar tried to flee from the place, the assailants chased and attacked him brutally. He died on the spot, police said.``Based on a complaint by Asgar's family, Nayeem and others have been named as accused. According to them, Nayeem was waiting for a chance to eliminate Asgar. We suspect that land dispute could be the motive behind the murder,'' Ghatkesar inspector G Sreeram Kumar said.Police said Asgar, who had fallen out with Nayeem, was underground fearing attack from the gang. ``We suspect that Nayeem used someone as a covert to inform him about Asgar's movements. It was just 15 or 20 minutes after Asgar and others sat down near the dhaba that the assailants descended on the location. It shows that they knew of Asgar's movements,'' deputy commissioner of police (Malkajgiri) K Venkateshwar Rao said.Asgar, who was from Bhongir in Nalgoda district, worked with Nayeem for a long time, but parted ways with the renegade Naxalite following differences with him. Asgar, who was a former councillor, started real estate business and was also involved in land settlements in and around Bhongir, which further strained relations between the two.Several months ago, Patola Govardan Reddy, a gangster and former associate of Nayeem, was also killed by Nayeem's associates. Asgar was involved in the murder of history-sheeter Jahangir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14698007", "title": "Goodwill, support pours in for Kunhu, Abraham", "text": "BANGALORE: Top athletes P Kunhumohammed and Joseph G Abraham on Thursday were flooded with calls offering financial support after they failed to muster Rs 30,000 to compete in the Sri Lankan national athletics meet in Colombo.\"I got calls from several well-wishers offering support, including my employers Indian Army, but it was too late. I can still run but have lost it in my mind,\" Kunhumohammed told TOI from National Institute of Sports, Patiala.The 25-year-old 400m runner said it was heartbreaking to come close to qualification. \"At the Asian GP in Thailand I raced in the eighth lane and still managed that timing (46.14s against the B mark of 45.90s). If I had got a few more tough competitions I would have surely qualified,\" he said.\"I thank everyone for their love and support and promise that I will work hard and do well in future,\" said Kunhumohammed, who will leave the national camp on Friday en route to his hometown in Palakkad for a small break before resuming training.Abraham, Asian Games gold medallist in 400m hurdles, left the National Institute of Sports (NIS) in Patiala on Thursday morning and headed for Kottayam, Kerala. It was the second narrow miss for Abraham. In 2008, he missed the qualification mark by 0.01 seconds.Meanwhile, Athens Olympics silver medallist Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore , who knows how tough it is do all the hard work and still miss out on qualification, said he would soon talk to his friends to set up an emergency fund. \"This has been carrying on in sports for far too long now. With awareness through the media each one of us as an Indian must contribute to bring out an attitudinal or resourceful change. There lies the solution. Now several people are ready to contribute. That will surely lead to a change and more people will come forward and join. I'll soon speak to like-minded people to set up an emergency fund to help needy sportspersons,\" Rathore said.Meanwhile, Ashwini Nachappa, vice president of Clean Sports India (CSI), slammed the Athletics Federation of India's shoddy state of affairs. In a letter addressed to AFI, the former top sprinter slammed the association for its unprofessional approach. \"I am sure this should not come as a surprise to all sportsmen and all sports lovers of the country. Nobody knows whether the same corrupt officials are running the show in the Athletics Federation of India, as the newly elected members are yet to take charge,\" the statement read.\"It is also surprising to note that while the Sports Authority of India depends on the federations to provide the list of prospective athletes who are likely to qualify for the Games... there seems to be a lack of interest in the federation to act in a positive manner,\" she said.AFI denies chargesReacting to complaints from athletes that they didn't get enough opportunities, AFI president Adille J Sumariwalla said it was not correct. \"It is not true that they didn't get enough chances. They got eight competitions to qualify. In Abraham's case we did our best but because of his slow timings we couldn't get him an entry,\" he said.Asked about the big gap between domestic competitions with the inter-state meet in Hyderabad in the end of June being the only meet after the Federation Cup in April, the AFI president said the calendar had been chalked out by experts.\"There is nothing wrong with the calendar which has been prepared as per the recommendations of the Russian coaches and other eminent athletes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14699007", "title": "3-day music fest to feature disciples of classical maestros", "text": "NAGPUR: Swarsangam Sangeet Mahotsav, organized by city-based Aadhar Bahuddeyshiye Sanstha, kicked off on Thursday evening with a good mix of vocal and instrumental recitals. The three-day event being held at Scientific Society Hall will feature nine artists and provide a treat to city's music lovers.The inaugural day's schedule had performances by two vocalists, Shobha Chaudhary from Indore and Ashok Nadgir from Hubli, besides a flute recital by Vivek Sonar from Mumbai. Giving a melodious start to the festival, Chaudhari rendered two khayals in Mia Malhar, Karam Kariye Mana in vilambit ek taal and Bijili chamkat in drut lay. She ended her performance with a bandish in Gaud Malhar, Ja re ja badra tu door ja by Pt Ramasarey.Chaudhari had selected a raag which matched the season, but her rendering remained in the academic domain. She took her time to build up her performance but gradually warmed up and left the audience drenched with her sur and stars of Malhar.Conceptualized by singer Tanuja Naphde, this music feast is an attempt to promote disciples of great maestros of Hindustani classical music. All nine artists who will take the stage at the event have learnt their craft under the tutelage of the best in the field.Shobha Chaudhary has learnt music from Pt CR Vyas, Sonar has been taught the intricacies of the flute by Pt Hariprasad Chaurasiya and Ashok Nadgir is a disciple of veteran classical exponent Gangubai Hangal.Explaining the sentiment behind such a concept, Naphde said she has organized this festival close to Guru Purnima to celebrate the guru-shishya parampara. \"I have felicitated my guru Pt Madhusudan Tamanhkar today and in all future events I have decided to felicitate classical singers of Nagpur. I am providing a platform to disciples of great musicians to showcase their talent.\"The second day of the festival will feature performances by Santoor player Dhananjay Dedhankar, vocalist Sudhakar Chuhan and sitarist Ustad Usman Khan from Pune. The festival will conclude with a sarod recital by Sachin Patwardhan from Gwalior, vocal by Pt Kewalyakumar Gurav from Dharwad and a sitar recital by Subroto De from Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14701476", "title": "Demand for veterinary course seats sees spike", "text": "CHENNAI: Fancy being a critter doctor? The growing need for qualified veterinarians has led to a big rise in demand for courses offered by the Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (Tanuvas).As many as 7,838 candidates are vying for 260 seats on offer for the bachelor of veterinary science and animal husbandry (BVSc&AH;) course offered by Tanuvas, while 592 students are competing for 40 seats available in the varsity's the bachelor of fisheries science (BFSc) course. The university has received applications from 404 students for its 20 seats in BTech (Food Processing Technology) and 185 applications for 20 seats in the BTech ( Poultry Production Technology) course.The university received a total of 10,821 applications, compared to 5,700 in 2011. The numbers have been increasing since 2008.The veterinary and fisheries industry are the only two industries that are growing by around 8% to 10%, the same pace as the software industry, Tanuvas vice-chancellor R Prabakaran said. \"There is a high demand for these courses as students have realised that they can all get government jobs after completing the course,\" he said. \"There is a lot of scope in the private sector too.\"There is an annual requirement of 3,700 veterinarians, but only 1,800 students pass out of the 42 veterinary institutes in the country, so there is a severe shortage of manpower. \"Many more students are applying for these courses than even four years ago,\" Prabakaran said. \"The number of applications increased from 800 in 2008 to 1,700 in 2009, 3,625 in 2010 and 5,700 in 2011.\"Despite the higher demand this year, there has been only a marginal increase in the cutoff marks as fewer students scored centums this year. The cutoff for the open category for the popular BVSc&AH; course went up from 194.25 in 2011 to 195 this year, while for backward classes the cut off increased from 192.25 to 193.5 this year. For SC candidates the cut off went up from 185 in 2011 to 188 this year.With the launch of two new colleges in Thanjavur and Tirunelveli this year, the Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University has added 34 seats to its popular Bachelor of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry programme. The number of seats has gone up from 226 to 260 for the 2012-13 academic year.The merit list has been published on the university website at www.tanuvas.ac.in and counselling will be conducted in the last week of July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14697415", "title": "Sibal meets Mamata, skips any mention of Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "KOLKATA: With political observers still playing the guessing hard game over the possibility of Mamata Banerjee supporting Pranab Mukherjee's Presidential candidature, speculation were rife at the corridors of Writers' Buildings that HRD minister Kapil Sibal called on the chief minister on Thursday to seek support for his party's candidate.However, it is learnt that Sibal skipped any mention of Mukherjee in the meeting. Instead, he briefed Mamata on his plans to revamp the education system. According to sources, the chief minister has assured that West Bengal will go in for the one-exam policy proposed by Sibal in 2014.\"I met Mamata Banerjee and discussed about the children in the state and their future. That is all we discussed,\" Sibal told reporters when asked whether he had sought Mamata's support for Mukherjee. The HRD minister believes that his policy will take three to four years to come into effect fully. Three states have already agreed to the one-exam policy.\"The primary objectives of the policy are to reduce multiplicity of examinations, reduce dependence on coaching and give due importance to the school system do away with capitation fees.In India, after passing out from class XII, a child has the option to take nearly 100 examinations. Normally, a child takes about from 20 to 30 examinations. This doesn't happen in the UK or the US. In the UK, students just need to clear the A-Level test to be selected to a university. There is no separate examination. In the US, a student just has to clear his school examination and SAT before getting a chance to join a university directly.Through the new one exam policy, we want students to be tested on what they know rather than on what they don't know,\" Sibal said.According to him, there is a need to reduce coaching which is an industry worth nearly Rs 15,000 to Rs 20,000 crore. industry in the country today.For this, due importance will have to be given to school system. No sooner students are in class VIII, than they opt for coaching classes.Nowadays, students are more interested in coaching classes as soon as they get promoted to Class-VIII.In the process, their school grades suffer.\"The one-exam policy will also do away with capitation fees altogether. Colleges and universities will admit students on the basis of results of the single examination they take. Once all seats are filled up in this way, there will be no scope to charge capitation feesThree states have already joined and Mamata Banerjee has assured that West Bengal will join in 2014.The NITs have already agreed to this policy, while IITs will opt for a special system. It has been decided that 40% weightage will be given to the Class-XII result and the remaining to the one exam that a candidate takes. The IITs have a special system. They feel that some more time will be required by them to decide. The Council and the IIT faculty have already met and come out with a plan. The government will not have any say in this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "14698915", "title": "Rehabilitation deadline over, 17 defiant families to face music today", "text": "BHANDARA: It seems to be the last hurdle in the rehabilitation process of Bawanthadi interstate irrigation project. Only 17 defiant families are left to be rehabilitated and the district administration is all geared up to evict them forcibly on Friday.As many as 10 families from Susurdoha and 17 from Kamkasur in Tumsar tehsil of Bhandara district were reluctant to shift to the new location. These villages lie in the submergence zone. But on Thursday, 7 families of Susurdoha shifted to the new site while three families have packed their belongings and will shift on Friday morning.Speaking to TOI, tehsildar of Tumsar Chandrakant Khandait said, \"All the families of Susurdoha, who had objected to the rehabilitation process earlier, are cooperating now, but 17 of 51 families of Kamkasur are not cooperating at all. These defiant families will be forcibly evicted from Friday onwards. All their belongings including house material will be transported to the new settlements.\"District rehabilitation officer Jitendra Patil said, \"Despite several warnings, they have not vacated their places. Most of them are either bootleggers or involved in illegal felling of teakwood trees that are sold in MP market. Today was the last day for shifting. From tomorrow, they will be forcibly shifted to the new township. Those who oppose the action will face the music.\"Patil further said that some more families from Bhirtola and Suryadeotola villages too have been shifted.Collector Kalbhor said that he organized 40 camps in the affected villages and monitored the distribution of rehabilitation package personally. \"Till now, Rs6 lakh has been given to 60 beneficiaries for skill development while for construction of gharkul in new township each PAP has been sanctioned Rs68,500, which will be paid in three stages. Already, Rs1.81 crore has been disbursed and under cash compensation for alternate land in command area, 50% cost will be given. Of the 123 beneficiaries, Rs78.58 lakh has been given to 39 beneficiaries and others will be paid as and when they approach the official concerned with relevant documents,\" said Kalbhor.The Bawanthadi interstate irrigation project is being executed by Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh government and was conceived 37 years ago. In fact, in its first year - in 1975 - the project cost was Rs23.47 crore but now the estimated cost escalated 60 times to Rs1,407 crore (pricing as per 2008-09 rates). The construction work on the dam and canals are almost complete.Last month Nagpur district collector, Nagpur SP, chief executive officer of Nagpur Zilla Parishad, irrigation officials and higher ups of Bhandara district administration too had visited the villages in submergence of area and requested the adamant families to leave their villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14702693", "title": "Queries flood weather-lady\u2019s phone", "text": "LUDHIANA: Before fixing his daughter's wedding in February, a resident of BRS Nagar hurriedly called up Kulwinder Kaur Gill for advice. While many rush to astrologers and counsellors before taking key matrimonial decisions, this concerned father wanted the weather expert's view to make sure the wedding day passed off without any rain spoiler.Gill is an assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University, or simply put, she is the city's much-venerated weather-lady. This 'marriage query' is just one of the many personal fears that Gill has put to rest, she says. \"People call up all the time, wanting to know about the probability of rain before they finalize the marriage date,\" Gill smiles, adding, \"This girl's father wanted to know the dates when chances of rain were minimum in February.After going through the forecast, I gave him some days when the chances of rain were less and after consultation with the boy's parents they fixed the marriage dates accordingly.\"If there are people who consult feng shui and vaastu shastra experts before building their dream home, there are also those who call up Gill. \"A resident of Barewal called up a few months ago... like him, many want to play safe and find out if the weather will be conducive for construction,\" she adds.Kulwinder Kaur Gill is not just an agro-meteorologist at Punjab Agricultural University, but also an advisor for those who want to keep the weather in mind before going ahead with major plans.The city's party animals don't just arrange the best DJs or the finest caterer \u2014 they also call up Gill to check out the day's forecast. \"When evenings turn pleasant, many Ludhianvis call in to know which day would be better for an open-air party,\" Gill says, adding, \"The excitement increases during festival season when people put up 'pandals' for cultural shows and performances.\"Then there are those, including Gill's neighbours from BRS Nagar, who contact her before going for a long drive or an excursion nearby. \"They want to enjoy good weather when outdoors...,\" the city's weather-woman smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698413", "title": "NHAI, e-way developer reach truce", "text": "NEW DELHI: National Highways Authority of India and the concessionaire operating the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway told the Delhi high court that they had arrived at a settlement in principle to resolve their differences. Earlier, NHAI had threatened the concessionaire of cancelling its permit to operate the highway.\"A meeting took place on Wednesday between the NHAI committee and the concessionaire,Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Limited. The issues between the two parties have been settled. However, internal approvals are required for formalizing the settlement,\" the counsel for the two parties told HC seeking more time to finalize the settlement. HC has given them till August 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699250", "title": "Apoorva Hiray wins seat from teachers' constituency", "text": "NASHIK: The newly-elected independent member of the legislative council from the Nashik teachers' constituency, Apoorva Hiray, has plans to fight for the teachers' pension issue and to start a state-wise common entrance test (CET) for engineering and medical admissions.A Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) member and the scion of the late Karmaveer Bhausaheb Hiray political family, Hiray is the fourth politician from the family to enter the upper House of the state, edging out Rajendra Lande, the teachers' democratic front nominee supported by the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in the elections from the teachers' constituency in Nashik division.Lande garnered 20,902 votes but fell short of 378 votes to cross the magic number for winning the polls.Hiray spelt out his agenda saying that apart from the promises made in the election manifesto, the most important thing that he would fight for is a state-wise CET for engineering and medical students. \"This year there were no problems in the admission process, however, since the central government is to conduct only one CET for medical and engineering stidents across the country from next year, it would be difficult for students from Maharashtra to go to Bihar or Uttar Pradesh for education. Everybody knows the conditions in the two states. Though students from those states would love to experience a safe stay in Maharashtra, girls from Maharashtra would not be comfortable going there. It is better that there is one exam and the students be retained in their respective states,\" Apoorva Hiray said.The MLC said that this issue would be raised and followed intensively by him because students were at the centre of the education system and it was his duty to ensure that they got the best atmosphere in the state for taking lessons. This also includes better pay scales and future for teachers.\"It is important that the teachers across the state are given payscales on par with central government employees. Besides, the teachers being recruited now should also be given pension facility for their better future. I will stress for the issue in the council,\" Hiray said.He further pointed that he would also fight for non-salary grants for schools run by private institutes. \"It is difficult for private organizations running schools to survive in this age of competition, given that they have to pay the teachers at par with the market demands. They have to arrange for infrastructure required for the school and that too when the organizations are not allowed to take state grants. I will try to resolve the issue the best I can,\" he added. He is also the co-ordinator of Mahatma Gandhi Vidyamandir (MGV), and grandson of former health minister of Maharashtra and Chairperson of MGV Pushpatai Hiray (a protege of Sharad Pawar ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14700106", "title": "RTE yet to take off in Seraikela", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Amid reports of schools not being sincere in implementing the guidelines of Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009 in Seraikela-Kharswan district, the district education office has announced that it would hold a meeting with the school principals in this regard soon.With start of the first terminal examination in CBSE and ICSE-affiliated schools the call for admission to the economically deprived children in the schools, particularly in the private English-meduim schools in the district, has got louder.\"The irony is that several schools have said they have not yet received any clear-cut direction from the district education department regarding admission to the economically poor children under RTE norms,\" said Parents Association functionary Dr Umesh Kumar who claimed that his organization got eight BPL children admitted to the private English meduim school purely on humanitarian ground.\"Extending sympathy to the financially poor children, the school agreed for admission on the condition that the students will have to arrange their uniform and books,\" said Dr Umesh suggesting how the school turned a blind eye to the RTE Act.The education department, on the other hand, said all schools have been directed in advance to ensure effective implementation of the RTE guidelines. \"I had written to all schools, way back, to give free and compulsory admission of BPL students,\" said district education superintendent Ratan Marwah.He said he will chair the meeting of school principals this month to take stock of the progress of the implementation of the RTE guidelines pertaining to the admission of the poor children in the 25 per cent seats reserved for them under the Act.Principal of an Adityapur-based school said most of the families that come for admission of their children under RTE quota lack relevant documents. \"In some cases they (the families) ask us to help in arranging the BPL cards for them,\" said the principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14697597", "title": "Cops rush to Hyderabad, Bangalore and UP as Jundal reveals Lashkar-IM bases", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could turn out to be a serious headache for security agencies, Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has told Delhi Police that Lashkar-e-Taiba has jointly set up bases with Indian Mujahideen all over India for future operations. Jundal has also given important inputs about some \"invisible handlers\" of Lashkar and IM who played important roles in blasts across the country in the past four years.Jundal, sources said, also gave the names of various IM terrorists in India and teams have been rushed to Hyderabad and Bangalore to look for some of them. The teams are also on the lookout for IM members in Kolkata, Bihar , Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh, sources said.\"Jundal's arrest is very important in terms of national security as we have come to know about various plans of Lashkar,\" a senior officer said, adding that \"the names of his India-based associates have surfaced during questioning\".Officials refused to give the names of these operatives, who work for both Lashkar and IM. Officials said Lashkar has provided training to several IM members in the last few years and Riyaz Bhatkal and Iqbal Bhatkal monitored these training programmes.In the last 15 days, Delhi Police procured call details of four international SIM cards belonging to Jundal through diplomatic channels. Subsequently, it recovered at least nine email IDs and contact list of his mobile phones which has numbers of Lashkar and IM operatives in India, Pakistan and Saudi Arabia and, most importantly, several SMS conversations between him and Lashkar handlers.Jundal also said that he knew about the planning for Bangalore IISc and Rampur attacks, which were done by Abu Hamza, even though he was not part of it. \"While he was in Pakistan for training, he came to know about this plan of attack on scientists in India by Lashkar which was being monitored by Hamza. He was in one of those meetings,\" a source said. Also, Jundal has given some important inputs about Rampur CRPF camp attack.In his email conversations, sources said there are names of several places and members who were in touch with him and had to execute some plans for Lashkar. The investigators have also traced the whereabouts of his friend-cum-associate Fayyaz Kagzi, who is said to be hiding in Abu Dhabi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699425", "title": "Inspector attached to rural police booked for rape", "text": "PUNE: The Kondhwa police on Wednesday booked an police police inspector attached to the Pune rural police for allegedly raping a 31-year-old woman from Nagpur on the pretext of marrying her. The victim said that the inspector had promised to marry her.Inspector A A Pirjade of the Saswad police station has been booked under section 376 (rape) of the Indian Penal Code and also under the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act.Speaking to TOI, inspector Pijrade denied all charges against him. \"I am not aware of any such offence registered against me. I am a public servant. For the last four years I have been working as the in charge of the Saswad police station. I stay at Kondhwa. Before registering an offence, the police should have contacted me,\" Pirjade said.Senior inspector Prasad Hasabnis said the case has been registered as per the directives from the office of the superintendent of police, Pune rural. \"We have registered the case here as the suspect lives in the jurisdiction of the Kondhwa police station. We have transferred the case to the Nagpur police for further investigations,\" Hasabnis said.As per the complaint, Pirjade and the victim met each other in 2009 in Nagpur. \"The victim stated in her complaint that Pirjade mixed sedatives with her cold drinks and raped her at Nagpur. He also promised to marry her,\" Hasabnis said.When the victim found that he was not going to marry her, she went to the superintendent of police, Pune, and lodged a complaint.Pirjade said, \"The charges of rape are made to malign me, and also to spoil my career. The allegations made against me are false.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14708062", "title": "Satya Bhabha works hard for Deepa Mehta's film", "text": "It was a battle between the 'nose' and the 'knee' on the sets of Deepa Mehta's Midnight's Children in Sri Lanka.Lead actor Satya Bhabha who plays the grown up Saleem Sinai and Tamil superstar Siddharth Narayan, who is cast as the abandoned child of Saleem's foster parents have been nicknamed the nose and the knee based on their characters' disproportionate body parts. And though newcomer Satya has been trying hard to give his best, the Rang De Basanti actor appeared more confident, reveals a source from the sets.Apparently during the confrontation scenes in which Siddharth and Satya come together, director Deepa Mehta frequently had to tell the Tamil-Telugu actor to \"slow down\" and let his co-star catch up.A member of the team on condition of anonymity said, \"Among the male members of the cast, and that includes brilliant performers like Anupam Kher , Ronit Roy, Vinay Pathak and Rahul Bose , Siddharth clearly stands out. That became a problem for Satya, a relative newcomer to cinema, since he had many confrontation scenes with Siddharth. Deepa had to ask Siddharth to tone down his performance to let Satya get comfortable with the scenes.\"So did the enmity between Saleem and Shiva in Salman Rushdie's famous novel spill over to Satya and Siddharth's real lives? \"Not really. There was too much difference in their performing abilities. Where is the question of rivalry?\" quipped the source.When asked about Siddharth, Deepa Mehta laughed, \"I love all my actors. But yes, he is brilliant. Absolutely brilliant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14701566", "title": "Crusader goes extra mile to make Chambal\u2019s ill-famed ravines fertile", "text": "KANPUR: With the state machinery striving hard to uproot vilayati babul (botanical name prosopis juliflora) from nearly 150 acres of land in the reserved Fisher Forest area of Etawah district for Lion Safari, it is an opportune time to talk about a crusader, who is also on a mission. He is toiling hard to revive the fertility of soil and sustainable living in the ravines of Chambal.According to experts, vilayati babul may have protected the ground erosion in the Chambal region but its excessive growth over the decades has destroyed the fertility of soil, environment and human health.Tribhuvan Singh Chauhan, who belongs to nondescript Dibhauli village of Chakarnagar block in Etawah, decided to take up the issue of reviving the soil fertility and restoration of environment as the mission of his life since 1999. He began working hard and by the year 2000 concluded that agriculture practice could be made possible even in the ravines.On walking into Chauhan's sprawling 5-acre farm in the ravines of Dibhauli one will be surprised to see a large variety of trees and plants. Right from the stately and tall Ashoka trees to mango, `bael' fruit (wood apple), 'jamun' (black berry), 'aonla' (gosseberry), anar (pomegranate) and lemon trees could be seen at the farm. The green crusader had tried his best to make his mission successful. He has been travelling all around the ravines to make villagers commit for the cause, asking them to take a pledge to improve the fertility of the soil.There is a story behind this endeavour of Chauhan as the barren patch of ravines that once used to be a playfield of dacoits, was gradually converted into a garden.With a purpose to educate the children and youth, Chauhan moved to the ravines in 1999. In the next two years, he went on adopting natural methods to convert ravines into plains by uprooting vilayati babul and drilling pits and filling it with a borewell water in order to revive the fertility of soil.\"I had to struggle and work hard to drill pits as there was no water even at 100 feet,\" he said.He met several scientists and experts, but they certified ravines as totally unfit for cultivation.Yet he decided to go ahead with his plans. He started off with Ashoka saplings and took an entirely fresh approach to farming through his knowledge of reading and interacting with agriculture experts.For example, while planting mango saplings, Chauhan left a gap of 20 feet between two and dug a deep pit. He then filled it water, added manure and mixed it with cow dung.He follows many other ground rules, which are only path breaking in farming. People who mocked him for buying that piece of barren ravines then, are now lauding his efforts.A project like this needs a lot of patience and there are ways to do this with the help of experts and environmentalists. \"My other intention was to spread awareness so that such type of steps can be taken up by others as well,\" he said.The plantation of vilayati babul for the protection of land from erosion had been taken up as early as 1888 by Fisher, the then collector of Etawah. He induced the `zamindars' to permit the wastelands to be managed as single unit with a view to conserve fuel and fodder. It covered about 3,000 acres of area. This forest is said to be largely responsible for saving Etawah district from the erosive action of the Yamuna.\"Vilayati babul pushes groundwater table down, dries surface soil and kills native plants. \"It's a massive botanical disaster being allowed to continue,\" he lament. \"The forest department, which is still involved in planting vilayati babul, is only misleading the people and the agencies.\"According to experts, the weed grows very fast, takes the form of full-grown tree and start pollination in vast areas. \"Weed stem is very tough, penetrates ground beyond 20-25 meters to suck underground water. This creates desert-like situation. Wherever, its fruits will fall, the weed will take roots. That's how it has spread in vast area of the Chambal region. Its pollen is known to cause asthma,\" said Anirudh Dubey, a scientist at an agricultural institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "14700060", "title": "Board of Industrial and Financial Restructuring hearing on Sindri fertilizer plant deferred", "text": "SINDRI: The Board of Industrial and Financial Restructuring (BIFR) hearing for revival of the Sindri fertilizer factory scheduled for Thursday has once again been deferred. The news has dampened the enthusiasm of Sindri people who were awaiting BIFR nod for revival of the closed factory.The BIFR in its last hearing had directed the operating agency as well as ministry of fertilizer to furnish some important documents missing from the revival proposal submitted before the board and had fixed July 5 as next tentative date of hearing. According to report reaching here, since the operating agency failed in submitting the required documents, the BIFR did not confirm the date of hearing. When contacted, highly placed sources in FCI corporate office in Delhi confirmed the news and said the BIFR was yet to fix next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14697534", "title": "Delhi Police gets Jundal till July 20", "text": "NEW DELHI: Of the several investigating agencies from across the country seeking custody of 26/11 handler Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, Delhi Police on Thursday was allowed custodial interrogation of the terrorist for another 15 days by a trial court, which was \"impressed most\" by its special cell.\"I have given thoughtful consideration to the arguments advanced by all the agencies. Of all, I am impressed most with the stand of Delhi Police's special cell, wherein this accused has been in custody for 15 days,\" the court said.Besides Delhi Police, National Investigating agency (NIA), Mumbai crime branch and Maharashtra ATS sought Jundal's custody in connection with various terror-related cases across the country.The chief metropolitan magistrate (CMM) granted Jundal's custody to Delhi Police till July 20 on the grounds that other investigating agencies could \"always take a clue\" from the \"ongoing\" investigations of Delhi Police special cell. \"In any case, I have strong belief that ongoing investigation by special cell, Delhi Police is also going to help the other investigating agencies, including the NIA, as the other agencies can always take a clue from there for the purpose of connecting it with the investigation in their case and can conduct further investigation thereupon,\" the court said.The court, however, did not dismiss the applications of the other agencies putting it for \"further consideration\" on July 20.Jundal, who was arrested by Delhi Police on June 21 following his deportation from Saudi Arabia, was produced amid tight security before the CMM's court after the completion of his 15-day custodial interrogation. Hours before he was produced, Tis Hazari court complex was turned into a fortress with Delhi Police commandos guarding all the exits. Brought to the court with his face covered with a black cloth, Jundal was made to sit in a corner of the courtroom.As the hearing began, the court asked all mediapersons and other investigating agencies, except Delhi Police personnel, to vacate the court after Delhi Police invoked provisions under Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act to request in-camera proceedings, saying it had to share \"sensitive information\". While Delhi Police made its submissions in-camera, the other agencies put their case forward in open court.During the hearing, the NIA sought Jundal's custody saying it needed to quiz him to prevent \"future\" 26/11-like attack. Armed with a special NIA court's order for producing Jundal, the agency submitted that all other agencies were seeking Jundal's remand for incidents that were committed in the past. \"Whereas the matter being investigated by NIA is a prospective one wherein the NIA is engaged in averting any other terrorist strike by the accused and his associates in various parts of India,\" its counsel submitted.Mumbai Police crime branch said it wanted to confront Jundal with the lone surviving 26/11 terror convict Ajmal Kasab. The Maharashtra ATS sought Jundal's custody in connection with the Aurangabad arms haul case, German Bakery blast and the attack on the Nashik Police Academy.The court, however, accepted Delhi Police's plea maintaining that it was \"midway\" in its probe. \"The interest of justice demands that an agency which is in the midway of concluding its investigation, the loose threads of investigation cannot be allowed to remain stray. As has been pointed out, there is enormity of the investigation which still remains to be completed (by Delhi Police) in the above matter,\" it said.Jundal was arrested from the Indira Gandhi International Airport on June 21. He had allegedly trained the 10 Pakistani terrorists who attacked Mumbai on November 26, 2008, besides teaching them basic Hindi and apprising them about the financial hub's topography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14697108", "title": "Check LPG cylinders before supply, orders Kochi collector", "text": "KOCHI: District collector Sheik Pareeth asked oil companies to take all precautionary measure so that only safe LPG cylinders are supplied to customers. He asked the companies to direct their technicians, who supply cylinders, to check them before delivery and thus ensure that the cylinders are not defective. The collector met the representatives of HPCL, BPCL and IOC on Thursday to address the problem of defective LPG cylinders.Oil companies have been asked to raise public awareness on the safe use of LPG cylinders through the media. The collector suggested that companies should use SMS, radio and short films for this purpose. Pareeth asked companies to provide a new helpline number to address safety grievances of consumers.\"It is the responsibility of the agency to ensure that LPG cylinders are not defective. If agencies find any faulty ones, they should be segregated and stored separately,\" said Pareeth. The collector also asked gas agencies in the district to examine cylinders before storing them in warehouses.Pareeth assured that oil companies are conducting checks to ensure that their cylinders are safe. \"We cannot say for sure that there are no defective cylinders in a batch as some might get mixed up during the loading process. And it is in this context, the district administration has directed companies to examine cylinders before they are supplied,\" the collector said. He added that if consumers express any apprehension, technicians should clear their doubts. It is the responsibility of agencies to replace faulty cylinders.KOCHI: A meeting of oil companies convened by district collector, P I Sheikh Pareeth, on Thursday decided to take all precautionary steps to ensure that only safe cooking gas cylinders are supplied to customers.The district collector said that oil companies have been conducting examinations to ensure that the cylinders supplied by them are not expired and have capacity to handle the pressure. But chances of defective cylinders getting mixed up with new ones in the loads from bottling plants cannot be ruled out. And it is in this context the district administration has directed companies to examine cylinders before they are supplied.The collector has also asked gas agencies in the district to examine cylinders before storing in warehouses. \"It is the responsibility of the agencies to ensure that the cylinders are not expired and do not have any defects. If agencies find any cylinders with defects, they should store such cylinders in a particular place,\" said Sheikh Pareeth.He has also asked oil companies to direct technicians who supply cylinders to check them before they are delivered and to ensure that cylinders are not defective. \"If consumers express any apprehension over the safety of the cylinders, technicians should clear those doubts. It is the responsibility of agencies to replace cylinders if the apprehensions of the public are found to be genuine.\"Oil companies have also been asked to create awareness on the safe use of gas cylinders through media. He suggested that companies should use facilities such as SMS, radio and short films for this purpose. The oil companies were also asked to provide a helpline number apart from the existing number to address grievances of consumers.The meeting was attended by Tharyan Peter, Bharat Petroleum, Vinod Kumar and Sunil Kumar, Hindustan Petroleum, and Njanasundaram and P Ramachandran, Indian Oil Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698739", "title": "Passport mela in 7 more cities on Saturday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Passport offices in seven regional centres will stay open to accept applications on July 7, MEA announced.Buoyed by the huge response to their weekend passport melas, MEA announced that regional passport offices, including Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs) under their jurisdiction in cities like Jaipur, Kolkata, Patna, Cochin, Kozhikode, Thiruvananthapuram and Ambala, would work this weekend.As always, the applicants would not have to seek an online appointment, but would be eligible to visit the passport officer after filling up the application form online. The applicant should carry self-attested copies of each of the required documents and carry the original documents for verification. A statement by the MEA said, \"Applications for all passport related services other than Tatkaal and PCC will be accepted during Passport Mela.\"The MEA also put out an appeal for applicants to wait for their turn in queues. \"The government officials will accept applications with a self-attested copy of each of the required documents along with requisite fees and recent colour photograph with white background of the 'size 4.5 cm x 3.5 cm'.\"Applicants, the MEA said, would be issued a manual fee receipt and allocated a 'file number' based on which applicant will be able to track status of the application on the website. The manually issued 'file number' will also be written on the form based on which data entry will be done subsequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702429", "title": "Youths held for Rs 50 lakh threat call to businessman", "text": "MUMBAI: Two youngsters were arrested for allegedly demanding Rs 50 lakh as ransom from a businessman.The arrested accused\u2014Jeetendra Mishra (27) from Nalasopara and Brijesh Mishra (20) from Vasai\u2014are cousins and wanted to start a business in their hometown, said the Bandra-Kurla Complex police.Investigators said that the two used seven SIM cards procured with fake documents to make 25 threatening calls to Naresh Batliwala (name changed) between April and June demanding ransom. \"The accused told Batliwala that they would kidnap and kill his daughter's children settled abroad if he failed to cough up the money,\" said the police. The accused were nabbed when they went to Batliwala's office in BKC on June 30 to collect the ransom. The two have been booked under sections for 34 (common intention) and 387 of the Indian Penal Code.\"The youths were caught in a joint operation carried out by the anti-extortion cell and the BKC police. They have been remanded in police custody till Friday,\" said DCP (Zone VIII) ND Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699091", "title": "Students throng job fair in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Goel Group of Institutions organised a two-day Mega Pool Campus in association with Itsmyascent.com on July 4 and 5 at its premises.The job fair was organised to provide a platform to students and help them to know the industry standards and requirements.About 34 companies, including Wipro , Cetpa, Coca Cola, Spencer, Hinduja Leyland, SMC Financial, Wealth Mantra, Maarg, Ericsson Power, Genpact, Tata AIG, Spencer's, Medma, Piramid Communications, participated in the fair.Mahesh Goel, MD of the institute, said, \"Such job fairs encourage students to come forward and know about the professional culture and needs.\" He added that, \"I am thankful to Times Ascent for making this event happen in our institute.\"Abhishek Gupta, a student from Ghaziabad, said, \"I am excited to be here as I have opted for three companies and cleared one of the interview rounds. This is a good platform as I have come to know many of my strengths and weaknesses.\" More than 3000 students participated in the fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699307", "title": "Civic polls: Cops gear up for counting", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow police has prepared a detailed plan pertaining to security arrangement at all the counting centres throughout the city. The counting of votes for the local bodies' election would be held on July 7. Zone-wise security arrangement has been prepared, SP (protocol) GP Chaturvedi said.The counting at the centres would begin at 7.00 a.m. In all, five centres have been made in the city area, while three had been made in rural areas.Counting of Zone 1 results both of coporators and mayor would be held at Community Centre-1, PWD, Bangla Bazaar, ASP (east) will be the incharge of the security and will be assisted by CO Sarojininagar and station incharges of Aashiyana and Manaknagar. Counting of Zone 2 and Zone 6 is to be held at Hewett Polytechnic, Mahanagar, and ASP (West) will be the incharge, who will be assisted by CO Kaiserbagh, incharges of Naka Hindola and Para. For counting of votes of Zone 3 and 4, the centre is Government Polytechnic, Faizabad Road, where ASP (trans-gomti) will be the incharge and will be assisted by CO Gomtinagar and police station incharges of Mahanagar and Ghazipur. Similarly, the counting of votes for Zone 5 election would be held at Community Centre-2, PWD, Bangla Bazaar, ASP (Vidhan Sabha) will be the incharge and will be assisted by CO Alambagh and incharges of Alambagh and Cantonment police stations.Similarly, circle officers of Mohanlalganj, Malihabad, BKT and Chowk will be the incharge of security arrangements at counting centres at tehsil headquarters of Mohanlalganj, Malihabad, BKT and Sadar respectively. Besides, arrangement for tear gas squad, RPF, patrolling, fire tenders, anti-sabotage checking, and intelligence collection will be put in place. Also to be pressed into service will be PAC and RAF personnel to ensure free, fair and peaceful counting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700282", "title": "Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case: CBI arrests Mumbai-based ex-scribe Ketan Tirodkar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mumbai-based former journalist Ketan Tirodkar was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Thursday in the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case.Tirodkar is a key witness in the case and was arrested after a year-long probe by the central agency. This is the third encounter case in Gujarat after Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati killings, where the CBI has made an arrest.Tirodkar is charged with conspiracy for handing over custody of Sadiq Jamal to Mumbai encounter specialist Daya Nayak, and illegal detention - to be read with murder.In all, 16 cops from Gujarat along with Nayak have been accused in Sadiq's killing. This includes D G Vanzara who is currently in jail for his role in the Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram encounters. In his confessional statement before the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) court in 2004 and later before Gujarat high court, Tirodkar had stated that he had introduced Sadiq to Nayak.Sadiq was a domestic help for an Indian businessman in Dubai. Originally from Bhavnagar, he had a police case pending against him and wanted a way out. Tirodkar stated that Nayak, who has inspired Bollywood flick 'Ab Tak Chhappan', had taken Sadiq in his illegal custody and then handed him over to the Gujarat police in his presence. Sadiq was dubbed a Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist by the Gujarat police and killed on January 13, 2003.Before the arrest, Tirodkar was seen as a prime witness, at least for Sadiq's brother Shabbir Jamal. Tirodkar was arrested after being questioned for three-and-a-half hours about the evidence which showed his alleged involvement in the killing. CBI officials say he refused to own up to his own allegations made against Daya Nayak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14701439", "title": "Pilots' Dreamliner dream sours", "text": "MUMBAI: The Air India-Boeing 787 Dreamliner issue has turned messier. After running into labour problems with its pilots and compensation issues with the aircraft manufacturer for delayed deliveries, the national carrier has now taken a decision that has angered pilots and also raised flight safety questions.\"Air India has asked its pilots, both from the erstwhile Indian Airlines (IC) and Air India (AI), trained to fly the B787, to go back and do a refresher course to fly (old) aircraft,\" said an airline source. It is a stop-gap arrangement as Air India and Boeing need to sort out the quantum of compensation payable for delayed deliveries. The problem with the decision comes when applied to IC pilots. Unlike AI pilots, who used to fly Boeing aircraft, IC pilots flew Airbus before they underwent B787 training. Unlike AI pilots, IC pilots have refused to go back to flying Airbus, citing flight safety reasons. So, Air India cannot utilize these 32 IC pilots till the Dreamliner joins its fleet, but will have to pay them salaries. The airline did not respond to a questionnaire sent by TOI.The reason is that Boeing and Airbus make their aircraft differently. Capt Manoj Hathi, former director, operations, Air India, and a former B747 commander, said that technically, the erstwhile IC pilots were justified in not reconverting back to Airbus aircraft. \"There is a vast difference in the operation between the present Airbus aircraft and Boeing aircraft. However, there isn't that much difference between the operations of B777 and B787 aircraft; so, AI pilots have it easier,\" he said. One of the most perceptible differences is that for aircraft control: most Airbus aircraft have a sidestick, like a joystick, while Boeing aircraft have the conventional yoke control column. There are other differences like the functioning of the throttle and flight management system.But a former Indian Airlines A320 commander said that since the pilots would be undergoing a refresher training course, there should be no flight safety issues. An Air India commander who has flown both Boeing and Airbus aircraft said, \"During a conversion training to fly a new aircraft type, a pilot has to erase the knowledge of workings of the previous aircraft and start on a clean slate, a very clean one, especially when the two aircraft types are divergent in design and philosophy, like the B787 and A320 are.\"He added that monsoon is not a good time for such experiments. There are pilots who have flown Boeing aircraft for 10-15 years then trained and flown Airbus aircraft for many years. But in this case, the switch is for a short period. Moreover the commanders, the older lot, would find it hard as they have well-etched, ingrained habits,'' he added.Currently, the training for the second batch of IC pilots which was to commence on Wednesday has been postponed. . The total cost of training an IC pilot on B787 is Rs 1 crore, while for an AI pilot is Rs 30 lakh. The merged airline has a debt burden of Rs 43,777 crore and is presently surviving on taxpayer's money. The government has cleared a bailout package of Rs 30,000 crore, including an upfront equity infusion of Rs 6,750 crore.Most significantly, it was the airline management's rush to send IC pilots to train on B787 aircraft that sparked off the AI pilots agitation, now over two months long. Even as the airline was in talks with AI pilots in April over the B787 training issue, it hurriedly sent the first batch of IC pilots to train from May 6 onwards and in response the AI pilots went on strike from the next day. The 58-day strike was a result of tussle between AI and IC pilots over rights to train on the Dreamliner aircraft and other career progression issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700552", "title": "More staff at Cherlapally may face axe", "text": "HYDERABAD: Some more senior staff at Central Prison, Cherlapally, may face the axe after the inquiry into the murder of an inmate by another prisoner is completed. Following the incident on Wednesday, two warders, who were supposed to keep watch over the Swarnamukhi barrack where the murder took place, were suspended. \"Action does not end with the suspension of two warders. After a thorough inquiry is conducted, others, who were also lax in their responsibility, will be identified and necessary action will be taken,\" director general of prisons T P Das told TOI.DIG, Rayalaseema, G Jayavardhan began an inquiry into the episode on Thursday. He is likely to submit his report on July 7.It may be mentioned here that at 4.30am on Wednesday, a convict Dasari Narasimlu went berserk and stabbed six convicts with a scissors that he stole from the jail barber. One convict Venkataiah died in the incident.In the wake of the stabbing incident, prison authorities are now planning to install a 24-hour surveillance system on the premises. The department is expediting an existing proposal to introduce a full-scale integrated CCTV surveillance system with automatic recording in all central prisons in the state in a phased manner. DG Prisons T P Das said ECIL has been entrusted with the job to prepare and submit report on Central Prison, Chanchalguda and Cherlapally. He said the surveillance system will help monitor conduct of inmates, assist in decisions to recommend release on parole and furlough, ensure alertness of the prisons staff in performance of duties, and detection of prison offences by inmates.Das said there were also plans to install X-ray baggage scanners and door frame/hand-held metal detectors at the entrance to check articles and screen everyone at the entry gate. A distress alarm system is also being installed at all corridors for a quick response of prison guards to any emergency situation.T P Das said the CCTV footage would also help them to detect any abnormal behaviour among the prisoners and take necessary steps. If some prisoners seem to be withdrawing and not mingling with others, counseling would be provided to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700637", "title": "Robots to inspect Ahmedabad sewers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) will now employ robots to inspect its sewers in the city. Though the technology has been around in the country for quite sometime but it will be used by AMC for the first time. These special robot-manhole cameras has night vision capabilities and is generally sent along the sewer line to inspect the quality of cleaning or leakages in the line.\"The robot moves like a rover and has a camera attached to the head. It can tell us whether to use jetting machines or super suckers in the manhole depending on the amount of dirt that is present in the sewer. The robot even goes into wet wells, vessels and electrical conduits,\" said an AMC official.The robot can also travel on mounds of silt deposited in sewer lines. The robot is attached to a cord which is used by the handler to pull the robot back if it gets stuck in the sewer line.The robot is controlled via a remote control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14703287", "title": "Bumpy road, journey lies ahead for Kanwariyas", "text": "VARANASI: The kanwariyas (devotees of Lord Shiva) thronging the city, may experience bumpy journey during Shrawan. The dilapidated condition of roads is likely to test the strength of their foot because these Shiv bhakts complete the journey bare-footed.When TOI made a realty check of roads in various routes encircling the city on Thursday, the ground condition was enough to raise eyebrows over the preparations of district administration. Little had changed to suggest any improvement in the condition of most of the roads in trans-Varuna areas. Condition of various routes attracting kanwariyas in cis-Varuna areas is also far from satisfactory.Medium-sized pebbles were found uprooted on the busy Chawkaghat-Kashi station road (part of old GT Road) while a little distance from Pandeypur crossing in trans-Varuna areas, the conditions were found to be even worse. The main Varanasi-Azamgarh road at Pandeypur crossing was full of trenches, mud, sand and pebbles on both sides of the road. The big machines deployed on the road were busy in taking out mud to level the road, while the condition of the road hardly gave any space for movement of vehicles with only pedestrians and two-wheelers found to be jostling to make headway in the area. Similarly, the Pandeypur-Daniyalpur road (one of the Panchkroshi routes up to Kapildhara) was found to be broken at many places. The Akatha-Ramrepur road (leading to Lalpur) was full of pits and holes and waterlogged at places. In addition, the bricks and stones embedded along Paharia-Lalpur road were broken at many places that not only gave bumpy experiences to pedestrians but also vehicles including Roadways buses that passed from the area.Divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari had instructed the chief engineer of PWD to ensure repair work before July 9 (first Monday of the holy month) at any cost. PWD chief engineer could not be contacted despite several efforts. General manager of Ganga Pollution Control Unit (UP Jal Nigam) Ramesh Singh maintained that the work of digging of roads to make trenches for laying of pipelines had already been stopped. Repair and construction of roads had been intensified. Most of the work have been completed in time and intensive drive is on to complete the remaining ones. \"We are working as per the instructions of district administration and the conditions would improve,\" he added.However, as the conditions of the roads tell a different story. The only consolation was at Pandeypur-Sudhakar (Khajuri) road near Pandeypur crossing, where pitch road was being laid to allow easy and smooth movement of pedestrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14699092", "title": "Kamal Nath seeks BRTS proposal for Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Union urban development minister Kamal Nath has assured that central government would sanction a bus rapid transit system (BRTS) for Nagpur provided a detailed project report (DPR) about it was submitted. A delegation of Congress leaders led by city chief Jaiprakash Gupta had met the minister. Gupta told Nath that central government had sanctioned Rs 5,000 crore for Pune BRTS and urged him to sanction a BRTS for Nagpur too.Nath asked Pravin Darade, chairman of Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT), to send a DPR as soon as possible. Darade assured him that he would ask Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to do so as NIT did not have the powers to run a bus service. He called up mayor Anil Sole and conveyed the minister's message. Sole assured Darade he would initiate the process immediately.Nath also asked Darade to speed up the DPR preparation for Nagpur metro. Darade informed the minister about the deadlines given by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), which is preparing the report.Gupta said that the Central government's share in Nagpur metro project should be increased to 45% as the state government agencies would find it difficult to raise the funds needed. Nath assured that once the DPR was submitted he would try to increase the funding under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) to the extent possible. He also told Gupta that the sewage system upgradation proposal of NMC would be soon approved by JNNURM steering committee.Central government has decided to develop mass rapid transit systems (MRTSs) in cities having population over 20 lakh. It has realized that public transport in cities like Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore is very poor because upgradation was not done on time. While Nagpur's politicians are demanding metro railway and BRTS not many seem to be bothered about the fact that the city bus service is in a shambles due to mishandling by NMC and state transport ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14703369", "title": "Cept caused Rs 60 crore loss: Opposition in Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There was a major uproar in the standing committee meeting of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) on Thursday after opposition leader Bhadruddin Sheikh alleged that Cept University consultancy had caused a loss to the municipal body. Sheikh said that the loss of Rs 60 crore was incurred in the construction of Narol-Naroda Patiya BRTS corridor project.The issue dates back to 2008-09 when the 13 km long Narol Bridge-Naroda Patiya BRTS stretch was being planned. The initial budget suggested by Cept University was Rs 72.65 crore. Tenders were floated by the Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) for the work. However, contractors who participated demanded an escalation of 27.28 per cent in costs. Cept University was asked to carry out a rate analysis of the project, which suggested an escalation of 10 per cent only. None of the contractors bid for the project.As pressure mounted, AJL re-tendered for the project, and this time contractors demanded a 40.5 per cent hike. Interestingly, Cept University was not asked for a rate analysis this time and the contract was awarded to Ideal Road Builders Private Limited for Rs 132.98 crore. \"As a consultant, Cept should have intervened in the bidding process, but they avoided it,\" Sheikh said.However, a subway was also constructed on this route, which cost Rs 12.39 crore. The subway was nowhere a part of the detailed project report submitted to the JNNURM committee. The subway today remains largely unused and has been termed a waste of public money.\"The MoU which AMC had signed with National Highways Authority of India had stipulated that a subway be made on the Narol-Naroda Patiya stretch as the BRTS was coming up on the NHAI route,\" says a senior AMC official. \"How could AMC escape this condition? We had to make the subway.\"As for the projects in the city, senior AMC officials feel that all of the civic body initiatives which have employed indigenous technology, concept, or design, should be patented. These projects include the BRTS design and operation, Sabarmati Riverfront, Kids City and entertainment zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701177", "title": "CM parades MPs, MLAs in support of Pranab", "text": "JAIPUR: \"If people continue to call me Dada even after I become the President, I won't mind,\" said UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee while campaigning in Jaipur on Thursday.Interacting with media, he explained in a lighter vein, how he came to be called as \"Dada\". \"Just as the elders in the family rebuke younger, sometimes my behaviour towards my colleagues was like this and I used to say you are not acting properly. That's why they started calling me Dada.\"Meanwhile, Congress demonstrated its strength in favour of Mukherjee by parading its MPs and MLAs at a city hotel. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot, union ministers Mukul Wasnik, C P Joshi and Sachin Pilot were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703835", "title": "I don't believe my daughter has been killed, Laila Khan's father says", "text": "MUMBAI: Laila Khan's father Nadir Patel does not believe that his daughter and other members of the family have been killed. \"How can I believe a man who keeps changing his statement? First he said that they escaped to Dubai , today he says they have been killed. The truth will come out once he is brought to Mumbai and questioned here by the crime branch,\" he said.Laila was Nadir's second born. \"She was a very caring daughter. Though we lived separately, she always visited me and kept in touch while I was away in East Africa for work. She was fond of chocolates and loved fashionable foot wear which I used to bring for her whenever I went abroad.\"The Patels, originally from Gujarat, used to live in Santa Cruz and later moved to Malad.Nadir alleged that Asif Shaikh, a real estate agent, is the mastermind behind the family's kidnapping. \"Asif has the keys to my wife's Mira Road house and papers of the house. Parvez Tak has a pan card on my name but with his photograph on it. This clearly indicates that their intention was to get hold of the family's property. I am kind of surprised that Asif has been moving around freely and police didn't take any action against him in spite of my complaint. I did not like Asif at all and had warned by wife against him. I felt he was a fraud but my wife did not take me seriously,\" he said.On Thursday, the anti-terrorism squad picked up Asif Shaikh from Kapaswadi on the Juhu-Versova Link Road and handed him over to Mumbai crime branch.Nadir Patel also refutes reports about his daughter's marriage to Bangladesh-based terrorist Munir Khan. \"My daughter would have told me about her marriage and no incriminating evidence has been found to prove that there is a terror link,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14696528", "title": "Kozhikode landscape all set for a makeover", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city is all set to get a new look with the regional town planning office getting ready to submit a new draft master plan by August. Regional town planner G Sasikumar on Thursday said 80% of the work on the plan being prepared for the comprehensive development of the city has been completed. The plan, which will cover 178 sq km of area and will affect 8 lakh people, will address the development needs of corporation till 2032.The city is currently depending on a 32-year-old master plan which expired in 2001. \"The master plan is being designed with focus on service sector and will tap the existing potential in all the areas,\" said Sasikumar.The new plan, which will also cover nearby grama panchayats of Feroke, Olavanna, Ramanattukkara and Kadalundi, is being drawn with a provision to revise it in the 10th year if needed.Seventeen working groups with 10 members each have been working to cover key sectors like transport, education, health, tourism, heritage and sanitation and urban design. The key highlight of the plan is to develop the inland water transportation system to exploit its tourism potential and use it also for cargo movement. This includes development of the 35km stretch from Elathur to Kadalundi as a waterway and converting the Sarovaram Bio Park as a major tourism hotspot.Another proposal is to set up areas exclusively as industrial villages to attract entrepreneurs. There is also a plan to exploit the abundant possibility in the medical tourism especially eyeing the Gulf region. \"With an eye on aspiring entrepreneurs, we are planning to take up high intensity development by facilitating infrastructure facilities for them,'' said town planner.The master plan has identified 30 heritage sites too and plans to develop SM Street as major heritage centre. A project-oriented survey has already been started to preserve the 500 sacred grooves and ponds in the area. Pedestrian walkways and elevated roads are also proposed to segregate the traffic.Around 300 persons including 170 persons of working group, 50 staff of state level technical cell, staff of the regional town planning and corporation, NATPAC and CWRDM are involved in the mammoth exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14697674", "title": "Gender test result not yet out, but Bengal govt mentions Pinki Pramanik as male", "text": "KOLKATA: With reports of gender tests on former athlete Pinki Pramanik yet to come, the athlete has already been tagged a 'male' in various reports and records. And the state is leaving no stone unturned to find a suitable justification for this to place before the West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC), that has sought a report from the government.Whether Pinki Pramanik is a male or a female may not yet have been established in medical terminology. But the fact is that Pinki has been mentioned as male on several occasions already in reports and records.And the state is now desperately groping in the dark to find a suitable justification to place before the West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC) that has sought a report from the government.Pinki was mentioned as male by the private nursing home where she was admitted. The nursing home records stated: \"Admitted for his personal reason\" and \"he was discharged from nursing home\". Apparently, police had picked up a cue from this and Baguiati police station mentioned the fromer athlete as \"s/o\" (son of) Durga Charan Pramanik in its forwarding note that was later sent to the court. Was it just a typographic error?Sources said this was based on the premise that the nursing home had mentioned the athlete as a male. A senior official said that it is true that the note had mentioned Pinki as 's/o' (son of) Durga Charan Pramanik, but the same note also mentions that since the gender has been questioned, a medical examination should be done\".Whether Pinki could be mentioned as male simply because the former athlete was charged with rape may in itself be questioned. and the issue taken up for discussions and debates.Or whether it should have been mentioned differently since neither the allegations nor the gender has been proved yet.Many ethical questions will be raised by many, who feel that Pinki's human rights have been violated repeatedly from the time she was arrested on June 14 after being slapped with a rape charge by a woman who used to live with the accused.The state also says that the video clipping that shot a nude Pinki while lying on her back was submitted by the woman who had brought rape charges against the athlete. Apparently, the woman had also told police that she had given the same video clipping to others, and it may have circulated from those sources and not from the police. This was mentioned specifically to refute charges that the video could have been shot while the accused was examined at a private nursing home after the arrest.The state government also mentions in its report to the WBHRC that Pinki has been kept in the \"general\" section of the Dum Dum Central Jail in a solitary cell where the athlete is being guarded by both male and female personnel.There is a female section of Dum Dum jail, but the accused was not kept there, even as Pinki claims to be a woman and it has not been proved otherwise. According to an official: \"Since there were rape charges against Pinki, it was decided that the former athlete would be kept in a solitary cell. And we could not take the risk of keeping Pinki in the female section of the prison as there may have been protests from the female inmates.\" However, a section of people, including some rights activists, feel that unless the reports of the gender test come she should be kept in the female cell.DGP Naparajit Mukherjee is compiling a report on how police escorted Pinki. It is learnt that police think it was for Pinki's own safety that male cops escorted her. According to an official: \"There were journalists all around, and Pinki had to be quickly escorted out of the media glare. There were male and female cops, but the latter were not adequate in number and those present could not keep pace with the rest in that huge melee\".Mukherjee, on Thursday, held a meeting with senior police officials. On Tuesday, the WBHRC asked the state government - home secretary, health secretary and the DGP - to submit reports on Pinki.The state government discussed the report till late Thursday night and it will be sent to the WBHRC on Friday. Home secretary Basudeb Banerjee refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703609", "title": "Silence zones see a third of honking cases", "text": "MUMBAI: For those driven to despair by the endless honking on our roads, here's some respite. The traffic police have flagged off a campaign against unnecessary honking, focussing on silence zone rule violations. The drive began last week and is expected to continue till the end of the month.Between January and June, the traffic police recorded 1,492 cases of unnecessary honking and collected Rs 1.39 lakh in fine. The highest number of violations was recorded in the Pydhonie division, followed by Chembur and Matunga. More than 500 cases were found exclusively in silence zones, which include hospitals, educational institutions, courts and places of worship.\"For the ongoing drive, we have been selecting locations on priority. Two to three locations are covered every time by our personnel,\" said additional commissioner (traffic) Brijesh Singh. Offenders are booked under sections 119 and 190 (2) of the Motor Vehicles Act and fined Rs 100. If an offender is found using a multi-toned or a shrill horn, he or she is fined Rs 500. It was in 2008 that the traffic police organized its first No-Honking Day. It created a lot of awareness, besides bringing several motorists to book. Activist Sumaira Abdulali of Awaaz Foundation, who had worked with the police then, said the drives have made a difference.\"When I started working on noise-related issues 10 years ago, my focus was on the use of loudspeakers. But most of the complaints I started receiving were about traffic. Loudspeakers are used once in a while, but traffic is constant, especially for people staying near junctions,\" she said. \"According to WHO norms, one should not be exposed to more than 80 decibels in 8 hours. But people staying in residential areas close to main thoroughfares are exposed to noise for all 24 hours.\"Activists say both awareness and implementation are vital. \"In India, motorists are taught that honking is a way of driving. It is mostly used at signals when the light turns green or by bikers who weave their way through traffic, honking continuously, or by those speeding at night when they come to pedestrian crossings. Drivers should be made aware that honking will not be tolerated,\" an activist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14697171", "title": "India fumes as Pak shrugs off Jundal \u2018insinuation\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan on Thursday defiantly pushed aside 26/11 mastermind Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal's disclosure about the support of its official agencies for the terror attack, drawing a terse reminder from India that efforts for improved bilateral ties cannot go very far if the perpetrators of the Mumbai carnage remained unpunished. Action against the killers would be the biggest CBM, New Delhi stressed.Visiting Pakistani foreign secretary Jalil Jilani infuriated the political establishment here when he dismissed as \"insinuation\" India's concern, based on the revelations made by Jundal, about the complicity of Pakistani state actors in the Mumbai attack. \"I would very strongly reject any insinuation of any involvement of any state agency in acts of terrorism in India,\" Jilani said.The remark of Jilani, who while posted as acting High Commissioner to India was declared persona non- grata for funding secessionists in Jammu and Kashmir, came at a press conference he addressed along with his Indian counterpart Ranjan Mathai. It was seen as Islamabad's brazen disregard of Jundal's acknowledgment about Pakistan's official agencies, and pointed to the gap between the two countries on New Delhi's concern about terrorism.According to sources, during his meeting with foreign minister S M Krishna in the evening, Jilani defended the inaction against the choreographers of 26/11 by saying that the judiciary had made it difficult to act without enough evidence.Addressing the joint press conference, Mathai said that Jundal's statements had aggravated India's worries about terrorism. \"The ongoing interrogation of Abu Jundal has now added urgency to this matter,\" Mathai said . \"I emphasized that terrorism is the biggest threat to peace and security in the region and that bringing the guilty to justice in the Mumbai terror attacks would be the biggest confidence-building measure of all,\" Mathai said briefing reporters of his deliberations with Jilani.During the talks, Mathai had referred to Union home minister P Chidambaram's statement, based on Jundal's admissions, about the participation of Pakistan's official agencies in the 26/11 plot. The home minister had said that the control room equipped with modern communication facilities from where the masterminds directed Ajmal Kasab and other Mumbai attackers, could not have been set up without the support of official agencies.Mathai also read out from Jundal's interrogation report pointing to the involvement of Pakistani state actors in the 26/11 conspiracy.However, this failed to move Jilani out of denial mode. At the press conference, Jilani offered a joint probe into the attacks and to plug any gap in investigations in the \"spirit of cooperation''; both offers were rejected by top Indian officials as meaningless gestures. The joint statement issued after the talks, which lasted over two days, made no mention of Mumbai attacks, let alone instil some life into the ongoing Mumbai trial in Pakistan.The reaction from the political class was immediate and severe. \"Rejecting India's contention as insinuation is by no stretch of imagination a constructive approach that can broaden and deepen Indo-Pak relations,\" said Congress's Manish Tewari. \"There is difference of heaven and hell between an insinuation and an averment based on evidence\".Senior BJP leader and former finance minister Yashwant Sinha also attacked Jilani. \"He has displayed the typical Pakistani attitude of denying truth and no amount of evidence can satisfy them. They don't understand this language,\" said Sinha.While no formal dossier on Jundal was shared with the Pakistanis during the talks between foreign secretaries, Mathai admitted that he did share \"some information'' about the Mumbai attack accused recently deported from Saudi Arabia. He said India would continue to pursue the matter with determination to its logical conclusion.Jilani said Pakistan would investigate whatever evidence India comes up with. While describing terrorism as a common enemy, the Pakistan foreign secretary said neither side was going to benefit by trading blame. \"We must take steps now to move from adversarial relations towards a positive narrative,'' he added.Foreign minister S M Krishna did announce after the talks that he would travel to Pakistan in the first half of September, ahead of the UNGA meet. He was earlier scheduled to travel to Pakistan on July 19, but it was postponed after the announcement of the presidential election on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14697073", "title": "Enforcement Director to seek details of Rs 140cr transaction in Dilip Buildcon Limited", "text": "BHOPAL: Enforcement Director (ED) will seek details from the Income Tax department regarding Rs 140 crore, which had reportedly been transacted in contractor-turned-billionaire Dilip Suryavanshi's firm from South Africa (SA) to make out a case under the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) against him.\"We have learnt that Rs 140 crore was put in Suryavanshi's firm. We will confirm it with the IT officials and after getting details try the billionaire under the FEMA,\" an ED official said.\"Right now we are not going to trouble the I-T department for details given its investigation against Suryavanshi. Under the FEMA, we have the power to realise three times the money transacted via hawala means,\" the ED official said. Of course, Suryavanshi would be given a chance to present his side, if he is to be tried for hawala transaction, he added.During the raids at 60 places of Suryavanshi; teacher-turned-mining magnet Sudhir Sharma and their associates, the IT unearthed huge wealth and got hold of incriminating documents and other stuff last fortnight. Taxmen going through papers have found that Rs 140 crore had been put in one of his firm from SA, sources said. No I-T (Investigation) department top official could be contacted over the issue despite repeated calls.Suryavanshi's business transactions were Rs 13 crore for the fiscal 2003- 04. Last fiscal, Suryavanshi's flagship company Dilip Buildcon Limited (DBL) annual turnover had touched the Rs 1,000 crore mark, sources said.After the Congress was voted out of power, he began getting major contracts, sources said, adding that he became powerful enough that even IAS and IPS officers could not afford to ignore.Suryavanshi's business interest extends in other BJP-ruled states of Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh. He has Rs 5,000 crore projects in the pipeline. Of 30 projects, some 10 are big road projects, which would be completed in 15 years, IT sources said.Similarly, Sharma's S R Group had a quiet beginning in 2006. In six years of its existence, it is said to be one of the fastest growing enterprises in India. He had established the flagship company, SR Ferro Alloys as a partnership firm in 2005.The SR Group had touched revenues of INR 1 billion in the fiscal 1010-11. Sharma has major interest in mining and SR Group is into mining, pharmaceutical, agriculture, education and IT enabled services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14703377", "title": "Pandya treasure: Swiss man who died in 'mishap' knew too much", "text": "CHENNAI: On June 16, a Swiss national called Giuseppe Leopoldo Cassina was on his bicycle when a car fatally knocked him down in Switzerland . This could have passed off as just another road accident, but for the exclusive information he was believed to have on Swiss bank deposits of some descendants of Tamil Nadu's Pandya dynasty.If at all the descendants of the Pandya kings had hidden treasures in Swiss banks, the key to the vaults was Cassina.Royal descendants, who were banking on him to guide them through the Swiss maze and reach the treasures, do not rule out a conspiracy. Even the Chennai police commissioner's report to the Madras high court submits that Cassina had knowledge about the working of Swiss banks, and had managed to even zero in on a particular bank, Credit Suisse Bank. The report states there was certain information about the bank, known only to Cassina.As the bank wanted documents to provide access to customer details, Cassina prodded N Jagannathan to approach the HC and obtain the letter of administration on October 13, 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14701564", "title": "Sibal calls bar association for talks on higher education bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has invited bar associations for talks in the wake of lawyers' threat to go on strike from July 11 to protest against the proposed higher education bill, assuring that the proposed legislation will not in interfere with legal education.In a letter to bar associations, HRD minister Kapil Sibal said the Bar Council of India is free to prescribe minimum standards of education for grant of degrees leading to professional practice.Terming the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill as \"draconian, unconstitutional and undemocratic\" and one that infringes on its powers, the BCI had last month threatened that lawyers across the country would abstain from work on July 11 and 12 if legal education was not removed from the purview of the bill.\"There is an impression that the proposed legislation seeks to interfere with disciplinary powers of the Bar Councils over the conduct of members of the legal profession,\" Sibal said.\"I wish to clarify that the proposed bill does not contain any provision, which seeks to interfere with the powers of BCI or the State Bar Councils in the matter of regulation of the practice of law or with respect to exercise of disciplinary powers qua members of the legal profession,\" Sibal said.He reasoned that the meeting will give each side an \"opportunity to express their views and enable me to explain issues relating to the proposed legislation\", as it is intended solely to strengthen the higher education system.According to the minister, BCI, which currently inspects institutions awarding an LLB degree for maintaining standards, will continue to exercise these powers under the proposed legislation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14702106", "title": "Rain floods the net", "text": "Pre-monsoon showers have never been we lcomed like this before by Tricity residents. Elated residents have flooded Twitter and Facebook with posts. These included all-time favourite \"barsaat\" songs, wishes for rainfall to continue and many other interesting lines like \"awesome mausam\", \"rain is a wonderful opportunity to pray, to love, to care, to share and to enjoy with peg sheg and pakora,\" and \"time to get wet\" have deluged the social networking sites. \"There is nothing better than rain droplets waking you up in the morning,\" tweeted Swati Mishra, a Tricity resident.\"I think rain has made the weather most favourable for visiting lake which would not be dry anymore,\" tweeted Ishaan Sood, a resident of Sector 11, Chandigarh.\"Good morning everyone it's monsoon time. Finally, the clouds are pouring down the much-awaited rain in Tricity,\" tweeted Swarit Sohaard. As clouds covered the sky, Divyansh9196 stated to all his cyber friends that, \"In a couple of minutes, I may witness the first pre-monsoon shower of this season in Chandigarh.\"On the other hand Divya Garg, a resident of Mohali, welcomed the rain with a Facebook post \"Happy pre-monsoon day Tricity,\" Ashok Kumar from Chandigarh wished, \"We wish to have a lot of rain to beat the heat of summer. Happy monsoons City Beautiful.\"Dhruv Jain, who went up hills early in the morning following the rainfall posted on Facebook, \"Monsoon is not only a season it's a dimension. Floating in it, one must be either proud or submerged.\"The weather also inspired many to post their favourite monsoon songs on FB. Sparsh Sen from Manimajra posted the first two lines of the song \"Barso re megha\" from the movie \" Guru \", while Gurpreet Singh, who recently got married posted a romantic song, \"Koi saazish hai boondo ki, koi khwahish hai chup chup si\" from the movie \"Fanaa\". Songs like \"Tip tip barsa pani\" from the film \"Mohra\" and \"Bheegi bheegi raaton mein\" from the film \"Ajnabee\" also deluged the networking sites.Delayed, but rain showered relief on the city that has been facing hot and dry winds and motivated people to celebrate its arrival in ways of their own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14696546", "title": "Calicut University puts fate of 3,000 students in harm's way", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Delays in publication of results has affected the academic future of 3,000 final-year degree students of Calicut University.Without results the students will not be able to apply for postgraduate courses anywhere as most universities including Central universities have either concluded or are in the process of wrapping up their PG admissions.Though the university published the degree results last week, these degree students under the choice-based credit semester system (CCSS) are yet to get their degree results as university has lost their answer scripts due to the defective barcodes printed on them.Meanwhile, 52,000 private degree students who had written their final degree examinations months ago are likely to lose one academic year as the varsity has not even started the evaluating their papers.The university is now making frantic efforts to re-conduct exam for the 3,000 CCSS students and publish the result before July 20 even though it entails a mammoth logistic and administrative nightmare.A N Sumesh, a private degree student from Kozhikode, said that private students had to put up with great uncertainties during the entire course.\"Now the wait continues even after the exams are over. The university has put the future of the students in jeopardy,\" he said.The syndicate examination standing committee member T P Ahmed said the university is making all efforts to identify the answer sheets of students who have not got their results.\"As for the private students we will start the centralized valuation camp for them as soon as we provide the consolidated grade card for the CCSS student,\" he said.So far no time frame has been fixed for the publication of private degree course results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "14700128", "title": "Admission process at Kartik Oraon College in Gumla begins", "text": "GUMLA: The premises of Kartik Oraon College here is, of late, agog with activity with students thronging to the college to collect admission forms for degree courses in arts, science and commerce streams after the Intermediate results were published. Students who aspire to be enrolled in BA, B Sc and B Com Part- I have been collecting the respective forms from July 2 making the campus vibrant after months of inactivity.Over 2000 students will be admitted in the aforesaid classes and half the number will take admission in history and political science in arts stream alone in this rural-based college. The irony, however, is that both the departments have only one professor each -- Prof RN Singh in history department and Prof Sudama Singh in political science department. Around 1,000 students will be enrolled in other arts subjects like economics, geography etc and science and commerce, said Amitabh Bharti , a lecturer with economics department with college.A total of 6,000 students are generally enrolled for three-year graduation in arts, science and commerce for which honours courses available in the college.If the students of Intermediate standards are counted, the about 8,000 will be with the college, he added. There are 50 sanctioned posts for teaching staff but now only 28 teachers are here, Prof Sudama Singh said.Since the Intermediate results have been good during this academic session, the number of students willing to be admitted be over 2,000 in degree first year, Singh added.College principal Prof L Dungdung has already apprised the Ranchi University (RU) of the crunch of teaching and non- teaching staff. And the RU also aware of the same.While the shortage of teaching and non- teaching staff is a major problem, incidents of students skipping classes, too, have been a matter of concern, pointed out, former head of English department Prof B N Pande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703364", "title": "CCTV cameras at Mumbai airport parking bay not working", "text": "MUMBAI: During the investigation of a molestation case, the police have come across an alarming loophole in the airport's security apparatus. Some of the CCTV cameras in the taxi stand and parking zone outside the domestic terminal are not working.However, the airport authorities said only a few cameras were not working and most areas were covered by the CCTV network.On Tuesday, a Cool Cab driver was arrested for allegedly molesting and assaulting a woman driver belonging to Viira Cabs outside the domestic airport. While conducting the probe, the police decided to check the CCTV footage to ascertain the sequence of events. However, officials said when they tried to access the footage, they were surprised to find that 4-5 cameras in the parking lot were not working.Airport police officials said they informed the airport authorities about the matter. Senior inspector Dilipkumar Taral said: \"We have written to the airport authorities about it. We wanted to see if the incident was captured by the CCTV cameras. But we did not get anything as the cameras were not functioning.\"Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL) officials said three cameras on the \"city side\" of the airport were not working. \"The cameras are not functioning as wiring and ducting work was being carried out for the new ATC tower. We are trying to get footage of the incident through other cameras,\" an MIAL spokesperson said. MIAL said there were 82 cameras on the \"city side\" of the domestic terminal.Viira Cabs managing director Preeti Sharma Menon said: \"I had requested the police to access the CCTV footage to confirm the allegations. I was shocked to learn that 4-5 cameras were not working.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "14700182", "title": "Thieves strike late morning at Vasco flat", "text": "Vasco: Unknown thieves broken into an apartment opposite the Vasco KTC bus stand between 10.30am and 12.30pm and decamped with cash and gold worth 1.1 lakh.The complaint filed by Maria Vaz states that the family returned to their home to find both locks of the main door and the grill gate tampered with.Once in, the thieves broke open the cupboards in the bedroom, stealing 75,000 in cash and gold worth 35,000, said police.An offence under IPC Sections 454 (lurking house-trespass or break-in) and 380 (theft) has been registered. PSI Nikhil Palyekar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14696988", "title": "Power demand nears 6,000 MW", "text": "NEW DELHI: The power demand in the capital touched an all-time high \u2014 5,642MW \u2014 at 3.10pm on Thursday afternoon with Delhiites running air-conditioners round the clock to beat the scorching heat and excessive humidity.The capital has already put up with the hottest June in the last 33 years and with the monsoon being delayed, power department officials are worried that if the city does not see any rain soon, the peak demand may rise even further.A statement from the discoms said the maximum demand was successfully met on Thursday. Sources said that during the peak demand, there was a load-shedding of about 200-300MW across the city. \"It was unavoidable as there was overloading in the system. Had there not been any load-shedding, the demand could have touched 6,000MW,\" said a source in the department.Parts of west and south Delhi witnessed power cuts, though not for long. \"We had a 20-minute power cut in the morning and again for half hour in the afternoon. We had the air-conditioners running throughout the day. It was not a day for ceiling fans or coolers,\" said Ankita Sharma, a resident of Hauz Khas.Discoms said they were gearing up for a higher demand. \"Due to excessive heat and humidity, the demand has surpassed the expectations. It was expected that the maximum demand this year would be around 5,500MW. If the weather continues to be so hot and humid, the demand of power may further go up,\" said a Delhi Transco official.This is the second time this week that the peak demand surpassed the discoms' expectations. Electricity demand rose to 5,454MW on Monday. \"This summer has seen power demand in the city rising to new highs almost every week,\" said an official. The difference between the maximum and minimum demand on Thursday was 1,987MW.Meeting the peak demand was a huge task for the power companies on Thursday. The peak demand for BSES Rajdhani, which supplies power to south and west Delhi, was 2,210MW. \"The company bought around 300MW power from the exchange on a day-ahead basis. It is also getting around 250MW from July 1 on account of banking arrangements with Madhya Pradesh , Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand ,\" said a spokesman.The east Delhi discom BSES Yamuna has relied more on banking. \"BYPL had banked its surplus power with the 'hydro' states, which were power deficit during the winter. This banked power is being made available to BYPL during the summer months, when the hydro generation reaches its peak,\" said its spokesperson.Tata Power Delhi said it managed to meet the rise by projecting that the demand would cross its estimate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14698909", "title": "CBSE says no to sample papers for classes IX, X", "text": "LUCKNOW: The March 2013 Summative Assessment-II may prove to be a new type of examination for students of class IX and X in schools affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education, as the Board has decided to discontinue issuing of 'blue prints, sample question papers and marking schemes' in all major subjects.The Board till now used to provide a model template to serve as a guide for entailing uniformity in assessment, and proper coverage of the curricula. However, the Board officials say that it has been noticed that a large section of students and examiners are 'punctiliously' following these documents. P 9, which is preventing the open-ended approach and diversity in expression, style and content.The Board further argues that the blue print also micro-categorises items into difficult, average and easy with specific allotment of marks to each category which again limits the framing of a particular type of question from a particular topic or chapter. The third reason highlighted by the Board is that the release of blue-prints and sample question papers indirectly promotes \"teaching to the test\".In the revised format, weightage will be assigned to entire units, as mentioned in the curriculum as an alternative of chapter-wise weightage which was given earlier. With regard to the changes, the Board has already issued a circular to all heads of the institutions affiliated to the CBSE Board. The circular states, that instead of providing a detailed blue-print, which used to divide the curriculum into exceedingly narrower parts, there will be a more 'flexible design as far as the structure of assessment' is concerned. According to the Board officials, the structure of assessment will also be exemplified for each subject.Further, the SA-II will follow a more comprehensive structure of examination and flexible patterns. However, the Board is yet to provide the structure of examination along with unit wise weightage for English, Hindi, Sanskrit, Mathematics, Science and Social Science. When enquired, CBSE officials said that the structure of examination along with weightage and examples will be very shortly available on their academics website.Discontinuation of blue-prints, and sample papers has, however, disappointed academicians in the city. Lucknow CBSE coordinator, Jawaid Alam Khan said, \"Sample papers and blue-prints definitely help students in knowing the pattern of the examination. I feel discontinuing them is not an ideal thing for the students. Any guidance is always an edge.\"To note, SA is carried out at the end of a course of learning. It measures or 'sums-up' how much a student has learned from the course. Usually, it is a graded test. The assessment carries objective, short, and long type answers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700375", "title": "Sadiq encounter probe: CBI gets time till Gandhi Jayanti", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday set a deadline till Gandhi Jayanti for the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to complete the probe in the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case. Justice M R Shah asked the CBI to complete all formalities by October 2, commenting that it was good time for the probe agency \"to come up with the truth\".Even though, the probe agency failed to trace its key witness, Mumbai-based journalist Ketan Tirodkar appeared before the high court in the afternoon. Justice Shah told the CBI that it should consider Tirodkar's appearance in the court as per the summons issued to him by the probe agency.Tirodkar appeared after the CBI expressed its inability to contact him. While the CBI claimed that Tirodkar did not respond to the summons, the journalist said that he approached the agency's office in Mumbai at the address provided to him. However, nobody guided him to the investigating officer DSP Satish Kumar Rathi. After the court recorded his appearance, CBI sleuths took Tirodkar with them.Besides the pending interrogation of Tirodkar, the CBI had sought extension for three months on the ground of completing the formalities for DNA profiling and gathering other forensic reports.Granting three months, Justice Shah directed the probe agency to cover all aspects of the investigation. The court also issued express directions to other agencies, like forensic laboratories, to support the CBI.Bhavnagar's Mehtar was killed in an encounter on January 13, 2003, by the city police crime branch sleuths, and after the shootout he was dubbed a Lashkar-e-Taiba operative out to kill chief minister Narendra Modi as reprisal for the 2002 riots.However, Sadiq's brother, Shabbir demanded an independent probe in this case after he found out about Tirodkar's affidavit before the MCOCA court in Mumbai exposing alleged illegalities by encounter specialist Daya Nayak.According to Tirodkar, he had introduced Sadiq Jamal to Nayak, who kept the latter in illegal custody and then handed him over to the Gujarat police a couple of days before the encounter. Tirodkar also confessed to have witnessed the transfer of Sadiq's custody and he even filed an affidavit saying so before the Gujarat high court.His latest PIL a deterrent !Ketan Tirodkar has become a full-time litigant after he was released from jail for his confession before the MCOCA court about his participation in the alleged crimes with Daya Nayak. The latest PIL filed by him was supposed to be heard by the Bombay HC on Thursday. He has sought inquiry and action against all chief ministers of Maharashtra for their alleged misuse of CM quota in housing schemes. \"They have given all the houses and flats from their quota to their relatives only,\" he said. Tirodkar has also expressed apprehension that he would be arrested by the CBI in the encounter case, and one of the reasons he cited for his apprehension is his latest venture. However, his filing of the PIL is being viewed as a deterrent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "14702777", "title": "Purnia DIG orders action against three Araria SHOs", "text": "PURNIA: Purnia range DIG B S Meena has asked the Araria SP to initiate strict action against the station house officers (SHOs) of Palasi, Bhargama and Simaraha police stations for their alleged lapses in carrying out the orders of their immediate bosses to lodge FIRs in three cases, as directed by the court of the chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Araria.Araria SP Shivdeep Lande, it may be recalled, had shot off letters on June 14, 2012, to the SHOs of Palasi, Bhargama and Simraha,directing them to immediately lodge FIRs in cases related to their respective police station areas. The Araria court of the CJM had, on cases being transferred to him by the courts of CJM in Kishanganj , Purnia and Supaul, asked the officers of the police stations concerned to lodge FIRs. The cases concerned were first lodged in the courts of CJM in Kishanganj , Purnia and Supaul. However, as the cases related to police stations in Araria, not Kishanganj , Purnia and Supaul districts, the respective courts had transferred them to Araria CJM's court.Araria SP Lande after finding out that the FIRs were not lodged even after lapses of 26 years in three cases, had directed three SHOs to immediately comply with the CJM court's orders. The SP also sent copies of his letters dated June 14 to the court of the CJM at Araria and senior officers.DIG Meena on learning that the SHOs of Palasi, Bhargama and Simarha had not complied with the SP's express order even after a fortnight , asked the SP to initiate stern action against the defaulting SHOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14699001", "title": "Zilla parishad member tries to end life in House", "text": "GONDIA: Suicide attempt by a Shiv Sena member of the zilla parishad while the standing committee meeting was in progress in protest against the government's apathy towards cultivators caused scare on Wednesday.High drama was witnessed when Rajesh Chandewar, elected from Gotabodi constituency, tried to set himself ablaze by using a matchstick, ZP vice-president Vinod Agrawal, Vinod Rahangdale and Umakant Dhenge intervened and avoided an untoward incident.Prior to the standing committee meeting, agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil was in Gondia but he did not visit any area to take stock of the famine-like situation in the district. On the contrary, he announced a 34% rise in the minimum procurement price of cotton but only 14% for paddy. Chandewar was reported to have taken such a step to protest against this attitude.As ZP members Vijay Shivankar, Rajlaxmi Turkar and Dr Bhagat were asking questions, Chandewar took out a bottle from his pocket and was about to ignite himself. But Agrawal and others snatched the matchbox while other members threw water on him to avert a tragedy. ZP president Netram Katre and chairpersons of various committees were present in the house .It was not clear whether the bottle Chandewar was carrying had kerosene or not. While Katre said the matter was not that serious, leader of the opposition Dr Yogendra Bhagat said the incident showed the anger in the minds of cultivators. Chief executive officer HR Lonare said action would be taken against Chandewar as per rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14710664", "title": "Shankar sets off to China for \u2018I\u2019", "text": "The Vikram starrer 'I' under Shankar's direction is all set to go on floors this mid July. The mega director known for showcasing peculiar locations in his movies has zeroed in on China for the first schedule.The director has set off to China for the location hunt and it is said, a 50 day schedule has been planned for ' I ' in China. It is said, Vikaram will be seen in two roles, one sporting a lean look and the other with a well built look. Vikram known for giving his kith and kin for roles has reportedly started hitting the gym. After Samantha's exit, talks are on with Amy Jackson, however the official confirmation on the female lead is yet to be out. Produced by Aascar Ravichandran ' I ' will have Shankar joining with Vikram again. Music is scored by AR Rahman , with PC Sriram wielding the camera and dialogues by Suba.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698711", "title": "Krishna Khopade's jumbo team of 200 raises brows", "text": "NAGPUR: The unprecedented large size of the executive body of Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) city unit has raised many an eye brow. But party insiders say that this was another indication that the all-encompassing team - including members of every community and caste - was tailor-made with an eye on the 2014 general elections in which party's national president Nitin Gadkari was expected to contest from the city.Nagpur east MLA Krishna Khopade was appointed city president on March 24 after Anil Sole relinquished the post on being elected as mayor. Khopade took all of three months to set up his new team but looking to the size it's no wonder he took that much time. \"Well, it's not fair to say that the delay was because of the plan to build a large team. For about a month, I was busy attending budget session in Mumbai. Then we were all busy in organizing agitations against price-rise and corruption, crucial issues related to sentiments of the people.\"But its true that I had lot of consultations before constituting my team. This is because the party has a presence like never before in the city now. We have four MLAs, one MP. The team set up now will be involved in preparations for Lok Sabha as well as the state assembly elections scheduled less than two years away. The city is the home turf of the party's national president and now we have to ensure that it does well in the 2014 elections. Moreover, when chances of Gadkari contesting from the city are strong,\" Khopade told TOI reacting to his unusually large team.Making it the most bulky till date, the team comprises five general secretaries. A whopping 46 vice-presidents, 41 secretaries, 46 executive body members, 44 special invitees and 14 members representing various cells and outfits within the party. While Sandeep Joshi, Rajesh Bagdi, Ravindra Bhoyar, Pramod Pendke and Chetana Tank have been made vice-presidents. Prabhakar Yeole and Girish Deshmukh have been retained as vice-presidents. Virtually all active party members, prominent among them being Deven Dasture and Vikram Pankule, have been included among vice-presidents.However, the new team's size and composition has also backfired in the sense that it betrays political insecurity. But denying this, Khopade said: \"Far from it, I have tried for better representation among all sections in the party.\"Though the RSS headquarter is based here, the saffron party has managed to win the city Lok Sabha seat only once. Now, not taking any chances the jumbo team is in place to get all prominent people on board for the make or break elections in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698405", "title": "DJB employee held for graft", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has arrested a junior engineer of Delhi Jal Board for allegedly demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 50,000.CBI officials say that the junior engineer - H S Bhatti, posted in Shalimar Bagh was allegedly caught red-handed while accepting the bribe for passing bills of a contractor amounting to Rs 2.10 lakh.\"It was alleged in the complaint that the accused had demanded a bribe of Rs 90,000 from the complainant for passing his bills amounting to Rs 2.10 lakhs. A case was registered under section-7 of PC Act, 1988,\" CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra said.The agency had laid a trap and the accused was caught red-handed while demanding and accepting a bribe.The agency officials also conducted searches at his residential premises. The CBI is checking details about the contract on which Bhatti had promised the contractor that he would clear his bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14699305", "title": "Ex-investigator arrested in Rohtak shelter case", "text": "ROHTAK: The Special Investigation Team (SIT), set up by Haryana government to investigate the sexual abuse and torture of girls at Apna Ghar in Rohtak, arrested a former investigating officer on Thursday, who had retired five days back.Bhim Singh Ranga, 58, was arrested on charges of destroying evidence and for his suspected involvement in the sexual exploitation of the inmates. The infamous shelter home was under the jurisdiction of Gandhi camp police chowki, and Ranga was its in charge.Haryana police spokesperson S A S Zaidi said, \"Ranga returned the forfeited electronic gadgets like the computer and the laptop to the accused persons without following the right procedure. The data that could have helped the investigation might have been deleted.\"He said that Ranga had been booked under Section 65 of the Information Technology Act 2000, (tampering with computer source documents) and sections 197 (issuing or signing false certificate), 217 (public servant disobeying direction of law with intent to save person from punishment or property from forfeiture), 218 (public servant framing incorrect record or writing with intent to save person from punishment or property from forfeiture) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC.\"Some girls has revealed during questioning that Ranga was a frequent visitor to the shelter home and was very close to Jaswanti. SIT would further probe his involvement,\" the spokesperson said.The girls had alleged that foreigners too visited the home and clicked their nude pictures, and made them dance at night parties.The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights had raided the shelter home on May 9 following the tales of abuse and torture revealed by the victims. Haryana has already recommended a CBI probe in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14696974", "title": "Vijay Mallya fights to retain Goa villa, Mumbai office", "text": "MUMBAI: Kingfisher Airlines is fighting to retain ownership of its corporate office in Mumbai and Vijay Mallya's luxury villa in Goa, which lenders are threatening to put on the block to recover overdue loans from the troubled airline.These two non-core assets have come into focus following a meeting of 17 lenders, whom Kingfisher owes around Rs 7,000 crore. Bankers said that HDFC has been appointed to conduct a valuation of these two properties. The two-storied corporate office is close to the domestic air terminal, while the sprawling Kingfisher Villa is next to Fort Aguada in north Goa.\"Kingfisher House has been lying vacant after the staff moved to our new offices at The Qube in Mumbai, and at that time itself, on our own accord, we approached the banks with a proposal to liquidate this unutilized asset and, at today's meeting, we raised the issue of this pending approval,\" said a Kingfisher spokesperson in an emailed statement.However, a subsequent SMS said that Kingfisher has approached the consortium to remove KF Villa Goa and KF House Mumbai from the security package against payment of full value assigned to these assets. It added that the banks had not asked the airline to liquidate any asset.The pooled collateral with lenders as of November 2011 included assignment of the Kingfisher brand, valued at Rs 4,111 crore (according to an April 2010 Grant Thornton report), Kingfisher House in Mumbai that was valued at Rs 81.6 crore, Kingfisher Villa Goa valued at Rs 36 crore and hypothecation of two helicopters valued at Rs 90.22 crore. Besides these, there are other securities that include guarantees from United Breweries and Vijay Mallya .In Thursday's meeting with the lenders, Kingfisher officials spoke about the likelihood of foreign direct investment being allowed in aviation, which it said would pave the way for bringing in foreign investors into the airline. But lenders said there was no new viable proposal from the management. At the same time, bankers said that they were not keen on effecting recovery proceedings as this would bring operations to a halt, which is why the focus is now on 'non-core' assets. Although lenders do have securities from the liquor business, it is not enough to cover the entire debt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14697672", "title": "Medical teachers threaten protest", "text": "INDORE: Peeved over the 'false' promises of state government on implementation of revised salary structure and payment of non-practicing allowance, doctors' fraternity has raised strong opposition and threatened to go on an indefinite protest. The Madhya Pradesh Medical Teachers' Association has fixed a deadline till month end after which five government medical colleges of the state will take part in protest.On Thursday, an emergency general council meeting was called on at Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH), in which doctors raised their voice against the government's attitude towards them.Poonam Mathur, president of MPTA said, \"The government has been postponing the demands of doctors for the past four years. Doctors are fed up with the repeated assurances. Chief Minister had announced to give UGC pay scale to the medical teachers but nothing has been done. Doctors have decided to protest en masse.\" The association terming the government approach non-favouring towards doctors has given a deadline of July 30 failing which medical teachers will begin their protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14698615", "title": "Janhavi Nilekani to wed next week", "text": "BANGALORE: One of the city's most eligible girls, Nandan and Rohini Nilekani's daughter, Janhavi, will marry Shray Chandra next week. The couple met while studying at Yale University and got engaged last year.Though one of the highlights of Bangalore's social calendar, the Nilekanis have managed to keep the spotlight away from the big day. The wedding is expected to be a strictly family-and-close friends affair at the Nilekanis' home with a reception a couple of days later.Jamshedpur boy Shray Chandra is the son of school teacher Rita and Sanjay Chandra who works for Tata Steel.Janhavi Nilekani, who studied at Valley School in Bangalore, graduated with a degree in economics and international studies from Yale University in 2010 before moving to Harvard's Kennedy School of Government for a PhD in public policy. Janhavi, one of the largest individual shareholders of Infosys whose 0.29% stake is worth over Rs 400-crore at current market prices, has taken a year's break from Harvard.After the wedding, she'll return to the US to continue her studies as will Chandra, who will start his MBA programme, also at Harvard, this fall. He was working with a Bangalore-based start-up until recently while Janhavi worked at an NGO. She's also a trustee of Argyam, a foundation started through an endowment by Rohini, which works in sanitation and water. Janhavi's interests are in sustainable development and energy policies in developing countries, particularly India.Nandan Nilekani , the chairman of Unique Identification Authority of India, is a co-founder of Infosys. Rohini Nilekani is a writer and philanthropist. The couple also has a son, Nihaar, who also studied at Yale University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700511", "title": "International Centre for Entrepreneurship and Technology signs MoU with Israel's Technion for technovative startups", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Aspiring entrepreneurs in India can get tips from established entrepreneurs in Israel now. The International Centre for Entrepreneurship and Technology (icreate) has made its first global alliance by signing a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Technion, Israel to encourage innovation, technology and entrepreneurship.Both the centres intend to encourage co-operation, synergy and exchange between faculty members, enterpreneurs and will jointly conduct programmes and explore opportunities in areas of common interest. They intend to conduct events, business plan competitions, industry visits, in both countries and identify and promote technology which can be adapted in the Indian industry.Madhu Mehta, chief mentor, icreate, said, \"Israel has a population of seven million people but the largest number of startups in the world and 2,400 companies listed on the US stock exchange. There is a lot that entrepreneurs from India can learn from Israel. We are also working out a two week programme that shows Indian entrepreneurs how Israel has been able to successfully churn out so many entrepreneurs.\"A delegation from Israel comprising faculty members and students of Technion along with some entrepreneurs will visit Ahmedabad in October.Technion, Israel is recognized as a global leader in applied research, technology transfer and commercialization. The institute is a major force behind Israel's emergence as the home of one of the greatest concentration of high-tech startup companies.In partnership with a strong community of incubators, private investors, venture capitalists, angel groups and entrepreneurs, Technion's tech transfer arm, Technion Technology Transfer (T3), has filed 300 average annual patents and nurtured scores of innovative startups in sectors such as clean-tech, cell therapy, drug delivery, nanotechnology and others.The MoU was signed between Mehta, Parag Amin, founding director, icreate and Oded Shmueli, executive vice president for research at Technion.\"The alliance will help entrepreneurs on both sides by helping leveraging skills and jointly creating intellectual property. We are looking at more such alliances in the US and Europe,\" Amin told TOI.icreate was launched in September 2011 by the Gujarat government to nurture entrepreneurial initiatives. The centre has eminent personalities on its its advisory board with NR Narayana Murthy as chairperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14701110", "title": "Court grants bail to 10 tainted officials", "text": "MYSORE: Principal district court on Thursday granted bail to 10 excise department officials, including its deputy commissioner Y Manjunath, who were remanded to judicial custody for allegedly abusing their position as public servants.However, Manjunath was sent to judicial custody again in another case after police sought a body warrant against the official. He was booked under Section 13 D and E of Prevention of Corruption Act (1988) following raids last week.Lokayukta police had raided excise department officers in Kuvempunagar and Nazarbad and the house of a guard in Mysore on June 27, and seized unaccounted cash of Rs 3.52 lakh from them.A total of 10 officers, including Manjunath, were booked during two separate raids. The officers were accused of abusing their position as public servants by demanding money for renewal of licences. The officers had allegedly demanded Rs 41,000 from each bar owner seeking licence renewal apart from the fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700323", "title": "LLB, LLM not professional courses: Govt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A lawyer can be termed professional, but the study of law for degrees of LLB or LLM is not professional course, said Gujarat government in an affidavit before the Gujarat high court.The state legal department made it very clear that the courses run by the Gujarat National Law University cannot be treated as professional courses. This is claimed by the government to protest a PIL demanding 27% reservation for the students from Socially and Educationally Backward Class (SEBC) in GNLU.The state government told the HC that GNLU was founded by a special law, and it is not regulated by the Gujarat Professional Technical Educational Colleges or Institutions (Regulation of Admission and Payment of Fees) Rules, 2008. The affidavit explains that the courses covered under these rules do not cover degrees in the field of law.The affidavit said that the courses being offered by GNLU are not covered within the meaning of the term 'professional courses' as per the law. Hence GNLU does not follow the reservation policy laid down for institutions offering professional courses, wherein there is provision for 27% quota for SEBC besides 15% for the SCs and 7% for the STs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699515", "title": "Santamarias decide to shift child to new school", "text": "PUNE: The Santamaria family on Thursday decided to send their child Shaun to another school. The St Xavier's Pre-primary School had refused to promote him to standard I due to his speech disability.Shaun's parents alleged that he could be targeted by the school authorities in future, while the school authorities said the issue was blown out of proportion.Francis Santamaria, Shaun's father, told TOI on Thursday, \"We will admit our child to another school as we do not feel he will be secure in this school. We feel he will be 'victimised' as we filed a petition against the school. Our son has already gone through mental trauma and we do not want him to face more trouble.\"When contacted, school principal Father Andrew Fernandes said, \"The issue has been blown out of proportion. We will still allow the child in our school. We decided to keep him in pre-primary as there were lesser number of children in one class, while in standard I we have at least 55 to 60 students in each division. In such a case, it is difficult to give personal attention to students.\"Shaun, through his father, argued in the petition that the school had refused his right for free and compulsory education by not promoting him to standard I due to his speech disability -- lisping (inability to pronounce some words clearly). Santamaria said, \"We will decide the future course of action, but, all we know is that today (Thursday) was his last day in school.\"Shaun, in his plea said he had performed well in tests and had secured a 'fair' rating in his final report card. However, the school refused to promote him to standard I of St Vincent's Primary and High School (which belongs to the same group) and instructed his parents to look for some other school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14696707", "title": "SIT clean chit to IUML leader Kunhalikutty", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Industries minister and senior IUML leader P K Kunhalikutty is \"not liable for any legal punishment'' for alleged sabotage of the ice-cream parlour case.The final report submitted by the special investigation team that probed 11 allegations levelled by K A Rauf confirmed that Rejina, one of the witnesses, had received more than Rs 12 lakh. But the source of the money or the reason why it was given to her couldn't be proved.Similarly, lakhs of rupees was remitted towards an aqua farm with direct links to M K Damodaran, former advocate general, said the report submitted by the investigating officer DySP Jaison K Abraham before the Judicial First Class Magistrate Court (1) here. There is no conclusive evidence to prove the charges raised by Rauf. The SIT could not collect any evidence to prove the allegations against Justice K Thankappan and K Narayana Kurup.Though SIT confirmed that other witnesses Rejula, Bindu, Baby and Roslyn did receive money, but reasons behind it could not be established.SIT also found out that the witnesses were tutored by the defence lawyer at a house at Chalappuram here before the trial in Kozhikode court. But Kunhalikutty's physical presence at the house was not proved.Rejina, who received Rs 12.5 lakh, has 17.84 cents of land at Pantheerankavu which would cost approximately Rs 25 lakh. Her wealth \"is not commensurate with her known sources of income.\" But there is no evidence to prove that she received money from Kunhalikutty.Affidavits submitted by the witnesses against K Ajitha were \"made with the purpose of aiding the accused/suspects' and money was exchanged for the deal, SIT said.About the DVDs of sting operation conducted by Indiavision, the SIT said they are \"too vague and indecipherable\" and the examination report from the Central Forensic Science Laboratory, Chandigarh is yet to be obtained. K C Peter, the former additional director general of prosecution, who was caught on hidden camera, had refused to give his voice sample for examination.It was alleged that the draft of the order by Justice Thankappan in the ice cream case was prepared in advance by two advocates. But the SIT found that 'there is no striking similarity between the original order' and the draft produced by Rauf. The advocates refused to give the samples of their writing for examination. There is no substantiating evidence to the charges against Justice Kurup too.The SIT could not find any evidence to prove the charges against the L R Sathyan, the judge in Kozhikode who tried the case and against M K Damodaran, the former advocate general.The SIT urged the court to close the case registered under Section 120 (b), 109, 193, 214, 465, 468 read with 34 of the IPC. The team led by Vinson M Paul ADGP (Crimes) was formed by the LDF government to probe the 'revelations' by Rauf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14698910", "title": "Civic bodies told to file affidavits on arsenic in water", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court has asked Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC), Howrah Municipal Corporation (HMC) and green activist Subash Datta to file affidavits in court on arsenic contamination of drinking water in the two cities.It may be noted that TOI has recently reported that there is conclusive evidence to show that scores of Kolkatans have been affected by arsenic over the years. Urine, hair and nail samples of patients treated at SSKM Hospital since 2006 were found to contain more than the permissible quantity of the toxic metal, the report said.The court ordered Dutta and the two civic bodies to file affidavits about arsenic in drinking water in the two cities. The court also directed both civic bodies to file another affidavit outlining steps they had taken to supply purified water to the citizens. These affidavits should state whether the source of drinking water supplied is from underground or the Ganges, the court order said. Further, the affidavits must state how much water the civic bodies supply and whether or not it is adequate. If the quantum is inadequate, the affidavit should explain why it is so and outline steps the civic bodies have taken to solve the problem.The court also directed that affidavits filed by the civic bodies should state the types of water treatment plants they have and how do they test the purity of drinking water supplied from those.The court also directed the principle secretary of the state municipal affairs department to file an affidavit stating steps municipalities in the state had taken to supply portable water to people.Datta also said that consumption of drinking water in the city is very dangerous. He argued that the groundwater level had declined by about 34 feet.After hearing submissions by Datta, the court directed the civic bodies and Datta to file affidavits within four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14696848", "title": "Ayurveda not just about beauty: Experts", "text": "BHOPAL: In a run-up to the fifth World Ayurveda Congress and Arogya Expo, to be held from December 7-12 in the city, many researchers expounded on the need for research in the field of ayurvedic drugs.They feel that the ayurvedic products must not be merely associated with beauty purpose and be used for treatment of ailments. Currently, about 50% of the estimated Rs 10,000 crore ayurvedic products sold in the country are for beauty and lifestyle related cures.\"Earlier, ayurvedic products, even if not effective, were consumed because they cause no side-effect. However, with research, the probability of cure would improve to 50% from 40% in the next decade,\" said Medanta senior consultant Dr Geetha Krishnan.Experts said the ayurveda industry is in the midst of transition and would soon become more organized like the pharmaceutical sector. \"Policy makers are taking the challenge seriously,\" said A Jayakumar, secretary general of Vijnana Bharati.\"With industry growing at about 20% per year, Madhya Pradesh is likely to benefit. \"About 80% of our raw material for ayuvedic products is procured from MP and Chhattisgarh ,\" said Dhootapapeshwar, CEO, Ranjit Puranik. \"There are about 6 lakh ayurvedic practitioners in the country and the potential for the industry to boom is immense,\" he added.The theme of the Expo would be 'Enriching public health through Ayurveda'.AYUSH is the only department that has received enhanced funding from the planning commission, despite having not utilized its funds completely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14701511", "title": "SC notice to Kerala govt in ice-cream parlour sex scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday issued notice to the Kerala government on a petition filed by former chief minister V S Achuthanandan accusing the Congress-led regime of forcing the police to suppress evidence unearthed during investigation to save influential politicians in the ice-cream parlour sex scandal.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya brushed aside the Kerala government's objection to the former CM seeking a copy of the action taken report submitted in sealed cover to the high court, which is monitoring the investigation.The bench said the petition brought out the \"unfathomably fast changing values of life\" and asked the state to file its response within four weeks.The state's counsel said the petition had become infructuous as the police had filed charge sheet in the case and that the petitioner was entitled to a copy of it.But Achuthanandan's counsel Shekhar Naphade said his client was not taking it as an adversarial litigation and only wanted to highlight how young girls were exploited by influential persons, 25 of whom were now occupying high positions in the state government. He said even after filing of charge sheet, this case needed to be monitored by a constitutional court.The bench said, \"You (Achuthanandan) have been a people's representative for years and hence, entitled to espouse the public cause... We appreciate the case but the limited resources are keeping our hands tied.\"Naphade said a copy the sealed cover action taken report was sought by Achuthanandan for the limited purpose of assisting the HC which had decided to monitor the case but had refused to part with a copy of the report.In August 1997, a social organization 'Anweshi Women's Counseling Centre' had filed a complaint alleging that an ice-cream parlour was being run as a brothel in Nadakkavu area of Kozhikode where women were being exploited by influential persons.In his petition, Achuthanandan claimed that though present minister P K Kunhalikutty and his brother-in-law K A Rauf were allegedly involved in the sex scandal, both had allegedly paid huge sums to the victims to buy their silence. \"Even though the crime against these two persons was registered as early as on January 30, 2011 and February 3, 2011, and a special investigation team was constituted, no investigation worth mentioning was done,\" he said.\"The ostensible reason being the change in government having taken place from May 2011 and Kunhalikutty becoming cabinet minister wielding considerable clout in the government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14701810", "title": "Crackers trigger fire near marriage hall, no casualties", "text": "MADURAI: A makeshift shed in front of a marriage hall in Arapalayam went up in flames on Thursday after crackers burst for a wedding triggered a fire. The incident occurred at noon when a few persons burst crackers in front of a private marriage hall adjacent to the Arapalayam bus stand. The crackers fell on the shed causing a fire. Fire and Rescue Department personnel from Periyar Main Station rushed to the spot after getting information and doused the fire which saved any further damage to lives or property.Station officer, Suresh Kannan said the crew of seven reached the spot in minutes and doused the fire preventing any damage. \"There was no loss of life or injuries but the shed was gutted in fire. But a few motorcycles parked nearby were damaged in the fire,\" he said.Mishaps due to crackers have become a menace in the district. The city police and district police have issued a series of warnings to the public against bursting crackers in public places. In a few recent incidents, city police prevented people from bursting crackers for celebrations in the city limits. District police also booked cases against four persons in the district limits in three different incidents on Sunday and Monday for bursting crackers in public. District SP V Balakrishnan said stringent measures would be taken against people indulging in the same. \"They will be booked under non-bailable sections for causing danger to public and stringent action will be taken against the defaulters,\" he stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700691", "title": "Politicos among gamblers held in raid", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Thursday night raided a flat in Film Nagar and arrested 26 persons, including politicians of different parties, while they were gambling. They recovered Rs 21 lakh in cash from them.Banjara Hills inspector Chandrashekar Goud said they raided the flat in an apartment complex at Road No. 9, Film Nagar, and arrested 26 highprofile persons, including TDP leader B Tech Ravi and a close aide of a city minister.Police said that the flat actually belongs to one Somasekhar Reddy, who along with his family members had gone out.\"Playing cards is permitted, but playing by staking money is banned as per the AP Gaming Act,'' Chandrashekar Goud said.All the arrested persons were shifted to the Banjara Hills police station and cases were registered against them under the AP Gaming Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700468", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation to begin sanitary drive", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) will take up a sanitation drive in the city from Friday to check the outbreak of communicable and water-borne diseases like gastro enteritis, cholera and jaundice that are common during the monsoon season.The drive would continue till July 15. Hotels and eateries would be inspected, especially to see the quality of water used. Tiffin centres and eateries have been directed to use only mineral water or water being supplied by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;).In addition to the water samples that would be picked up by HMWS&SB; and Institute of Preventive Medicine (IPM), sanitary supervisors would test water for residual chlorine.\"A control room has been set up at the GHMC headquarters (9704601866) to receive any complaints from the general public regarding communicable diseases,\" GHMC additional commissioner (health and sanitation) L Vandan Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14701481", "title": "Debris disposal killing Carter Road mangroves", "text": "MUMBAI: Mangroves near Chimbai beach and Carter Road are under threat from regular dumping of construction debris. Locals say the activity is an attempt at encroachment.\"Eight groups of labourers come from the outskirts of Mumbai with handcarts. They regularly collect rubble from places where construction or repair work would be going on, places like homes; such work takes place all over Bandra,\" said Anil Joseph, chairperson, Perry Road Residents' Association. \"The BMC has a service for the removal of construction debris, but since this is not advertised, residents hand over rubble to the labourers.\"He said the dumping work is \"sponsored by encroachers\". \"They (the labourers) put cement on top of the dumped debris to create a solid base, on which encroached structures can come up.\"The activity is in violation of a Bombay high court order of 2005 banning the dumping of debris 50 metres from mangroves.Vickram Rao, a member of Joggers' Park and Perry Cross Road ALM, said that efforts in the past to prevent debris dumping had failed. \"The ALM had appointed security guards, who were threatened by contractors and told to back off. Also, the BMC had installed lights to keep a watch on the beach, but that didn't serve the purpose either.\"About the Carter Road mangroves, Bandra resident Shyama Kulkarni said, \"The mangroves here are of a special variety that is found nowhere else in Mumbai. When debris is dumped on their roots, they start to die. Later, illegal shanties come up on the land.\"Joseph, along with other ALM members, has sought a coastal police beat chowki, which could serve as a dedicated mangrove protection force near Chimbai pumping station.H-West ward assistant commissioner Sunil Dhamane said, \"We have received complaints from residents about construction rubble being dumped on the Chimbai beach and Carter Road mangroves. We will penalize the offenders.\"This new threat comes exactly a day after we reported some positive news from Charkop and highlights how encroachers are waiting to pounce on free space given half an opportunity. Mangroves, besides hosting a rich variety of marine flora and fauna, afford a natural protection to the coast. The Bandra zone is one of the few left on the Mumbai coastline that can still boast of mangroves. Efforts should be made, not only by citizens' groups but also the government agencies, to ensure things stay like they are now or get better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14698911", "title": "UP to form highways development programme", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Thursday ordered the setting up of State Highways Development Programme on the lines of the National Highway Development Programme. Instructing state government officials to get the necessary sanctions from the chief minister before the end of July, Usmani also said once implemented, at least 1,000 kilometres of priority roads would be put through a feasibility survey by Uttar Pradesh State Highways Authority for scientific selection.Four state highways including 206 km-long Delhi-Saharanpur highway, 115 km-long Varanasi - Shakti Nagar highway, 88 km-long Meerut - Karnal highway, and 54 km-long Bareilly - Almora highway have got the government's green signal.On Thursday's review, the government has also set up a working group headed by infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, AK Gupta, to come up with a strategy to fund strip development for widening state highways. Usmani also directed officials to study and prepare an objective list of the rational and need-based identifiable road projects under a new exercise of State Highways Development Programme (SHDP on the basis of priority. Asking officials to visit other states to \"study successful road building models,\" Usmani also ordered the implementation of all UPSHA projects by December 2014, for which concession agreements have been signed.Meanwhile, Gupta said that all decision to widen and extend state highways would be based on the volume of traffic and viability study of projects. Chief executive officer, UPSHA and UPEIDA, Mukul Singhal also said that the state government has invited request for qualification bids for the 162 km-long Lucknow-Hardoi-Shahjahanpur and a 166 km-long Basti-Mehndawal-Tamkuhi highway. Singhal added that the first draft of concept report for the Lucknow-Agra green field expressway is expected soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700333", "title": "Auction policy dropped to check liquor mafia: Govt", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Thursday told high court that it had switched from the auction to the lottery mode in the award of liquor licences mainly to avoid unhealthy practices that were cropping up in the earlier system.Advocate general A Sudarsan Reddy told this to a bench comprising acting Chief Justice PC Ghose and justice C Praveen Kumar which is hearing a clutch of petitions challenging the validity of the new excise policy.Those who obtained liquor licences on the back of high bids soon realized that they would not recover their costs without resorting to illegal practices and, hence, the sale of liquor at rates higher than the maximum retail price (MRP), the AG told the court.However, the AG said that action was being taken against the violators, indirectly referring to the recent statewide Anti-Corruption Bureau ( ACB) raids on liquor syndicates.The state government had appointed a cabinet subcommittee to study the problem and decided to switch over to the lottery system after fixing license fees for various areas following recommendations made by the panel, the AG explained.The bench has sought a copy of the report submitted by the subcommittee.Responding to another petition challenging the validity of the new excise policy in tribal areas, the AG said that all 143 shops in Agency areas had been awarded only to tribals meaning that there was no question of the new liquor regime going against the fifth schedule of the Constitution.Explaining the government's stand with respect to another petition calling for a reversion to licence auctions on the grounds that it would generate greater revenues, the AG said that the objective of the government was not limited to the collection of revenue only.Adding that the draw of lots was an universally accepted mode of farming out licences, the AG said it provided an equal opportunity to all.The bench posted the case to Friday for a further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14697660", "title": "Travel agent held for black marketing of train tickets", "text": "NEW DELHI: A travel agent has been arrested for black marketing confirmed train tickets after booking them under fictitious names, said police. Mukesh Kumar Rai was arrested on Wednesday in a raid at his travel agency, allegedly with another 69 rail tickets booked under fictitious names for July 4.\"Rai was held from his agency in Paharganj after a complaint from a passenger,\" said Sanjay Jain, deputy commissioner of police (crime). Rai would sell confirmed tickets at double the original price, he added.The complainant, Mukesh Chaudhary, had said he was unable to get reserved tickets for a trip to Mumbai and was told to get confirmed tickets from this travel agency. \"When he went there and stated how urgently he had to go to Mumbai, he was handed a confirmed ticket of Paschim Express. He was charged Rs 1,000 for a ticket which originally costs Rs 414,\" said Sanjay Bhatia, addl DCP, railways.\"The ticket was issued on March 23 in the name of 30-year-old male. As the complainant did not want to travel on the ticket, he asked for refund of his money, to which the agent refused,\" Bhatia said. Rai told police that he worked for one Lalit, a travel agency owner. Lalit is on the run, the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14709816", "title": "Miranda Kerr's wax figure revealed at Madame Tussauds", "text": "Miranda Kerr has become the latest celebrity to be immortalised in wax by Madame Tussauds.The gorgeous replica of the wife of Orlando Bloom was revealed on Wednesday at the Photo Studio in Sydney , Australia and it would be open for general public from Thursday.It took four months and 500 measurements to replicate all of the Australian model's photogenic physique, and she sports a red gown with a sequinned bodice by fellow Australian designer Alex Perry , the Telegraph reported.The statue would be placed along with those of Barack Obama and the Dalai Lama and Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14700130", "title": "'See heritage value before demolition'", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa church is treading cautiously on the issue of removal of roadside religious structures by the government in pursuance of the Supreme Court order and has advised parishes to examine each case on merit. Though the church authorities have not deliberated the issue officially nor sent any specific circular or guidelines to the parish priests, a few church leaders have advised parishes randomly.\"The church is cautious about illegal structures, which may have been raised without the knowledge of church authorities. If any individual has built any cross, it belongs to him, and not the church,\" said Fr Francis Caldeira, director, diocesan centre for social communications media (DCSCM), a church organ.\"Any place of worship, be it a chapel or cross, and even private oratories in convents need the bishop's permission and have to be first consecrated by the bishop,\" Caldeira said.Many crosses, though structurally small, and in some cases a few chapels, are remarkable in the street landscape for their aesthetic architectural features.A few of these heritage structures have been existing for decades and even a century or more. The roads were broadened much later. In many cases, roadside crosses have been erected in recent times by individuals without permission.\"The parishes should consider the heritage and historical values of the structure when they raise objections to their removal,\" a church leader said.\"These structures which have heritage value need to be considered and the people's sentiments have also to be considered,\" Caldeira said.The parishioners have been advised not to adopt a rigid approach, but consider shifting of the structures wherever necessary. \"They are told not to object to the demolition for the sake of objecting,\" a church leader said.Initially, the government had identified 979 illegal structures, but the list was whittled down to 80, including 31 in North Goa and 49 in South Goa. These are earmarked for demolition and around 336 for regularization and the others for relocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14699326", "title": "Action against RTOs if documents fraudulent, Arun Desai says", "text": "PANAJI: The appointment of 29 RTO inspectors has come under the scanner with director of transport Arun Desai threatening action if it is found that any of them submitted fraudulent documents or furnished false information.While addressing mediapersons on Thursday, Desai said an inquiry was being conducted by the anti-corruption branch (ACB) and action would be taken if any irregularities come to light. Appointment of one of the appointees has already been terminated in this connection. Desai defended the appointments and stated that \"offer letters were not given by hand but sent by registered post\".The process, as laid down in the rule book has been followed, he added. To a query over why candidates who were on a previous waiting list were appointed, Desai said this is permitted by an office memorandum which states that the validity of the waiting list is for one year.On the selection of the bidder for the High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) contract, Desai said the technical evaluation committee has after negotiation with the lowest bidder for the HSRP handed over the report to the government. The government will take a final decision on the same, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14702644", "title": "Ahead of Olympics, UK arrests 6 terror suspects", "text": "LONDON: London metropolitan police's counter terrorism command on Thursday arrested five men, aged between 18 and 29, and a 30-year-old woman for alleged commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.They were held under Britain's Terrorism Act in a pre-dawn swoop ahead of the London Olympics which kicks off on July 27.The arrested were made following intelligence tip-offs and the suspects were being questioned at a secure police station in south-east London.Scotland Yard did not reveal their identities but said two of the men, aged 29 and 21, and the woman were arrested from west London. Three other men, aged 26, 18 and 24, were picked up from east London, which has a large concentration of the people of Bangladeshi origin and where a mosque is said to be a hotbed of extremism.Bangladesh foreign minister Dipu Moni echoed the concern during her United Kingdom visit in April. In the east London operation, officers of Scotland Yard's firearms unit were involved. The 24-year-old man was, in fact, tasered before being apprehended.A spokesman for the met police clarified that the operation in London was not %linked to the Olympic and Paralympic Games. \"Public safety remains our overriding concern.\" In a related development, searches were being carried out at eight residential premises in east, west and north London and one business address in east London when the reports last came in.Last month, the head of Britain's domestic intelligence organization, MI5, had warned that British nationals being radicalized by al-Qaida in some Arab countries were likely to attempt terror strikes in the United Kingdom. Some of the six arrested are understood to be British nationals. Indeed, a source confirmed that Thursday action by police was related to a 8possible plot involving Islamist extremists planning to target Britain. The threat, though, was not thought to %be imminent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "begusarai", "code": "14702792", "title": "Killing of vet triggers tension in Begusarai", "text": "BEGUSARAI: Angry over the killing of a veterinarian Pradep Mahto, local villagers did not allow the police to take possession of his body found in a bamboo tree cluster at village Khagarchak under Bakhri police station in Begusarai district on Thursday morning.A police team led by Bakhri SDPO Upendra Prasad was trying to pacify the agitated villagers. But, the villagers had not allowed the police to take possession of the body till late afternoon. Bakhri SDPO Prasad said Pradeep Mahto, a resident of adjoining Rampur village, had gone to Khagarchak to attend a call on Wednesday night. After attending the call he decided to stay at the village on Wednesday night. It was after he went to attend the nature's call to a nearby field that he went missing only for his body to be found in the morning.Pradeep's father Baidnath Mahto on Thursday said his son had no enmity with anyone. The SDPO said the murder seems to be the fall out of a conspiracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14697775", "title": "Metro Rail gets 5-year deadline", "text": "HYDERABAD: The official date for commencement of Metro Rail work has finally been declared. July 5 is considered as day one of Metro Rail work, which will now have a deadline of five years to complete the project.\"On government's assurance, L&T; started construction activity from May this year but the appointed date could not be declared as the government had to fulfill certain conditions,\" said Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL) in a press release. L&T; Metro Rail Hyderabad Ltd, the concessionaire of the project, together with HMRL, announced this official date of commencement.Describing the declaration as an important milestone in the Metro works, municipal administration minister M Maheedhar Reddy urged both HMRL and L&TMRHL; to complete the project ahead of the schedule. \"The benefits of the projectwould be enjoyed by the people of Hyderabad if Metro Rail chugs ahead of its completion time,\" he said.As per the concession agreement, signed by the state government and L&T;, the appointedlaunch date was crucial as experts pointed out that the construction has to be completed within five years from July 5.Although financial closure for the project was achieved in the first week of March 2011, L&TMRHL; could not launch the works due to HMRL being unable to hand over 104 acres for the Metro Rail depot at Miyapur and other land tracts. N V S Reddy, MD of HMRL, and L&TMRHL; chief V B Gadgil exchanged letters of the appointeddate declaration in the presence of chief secretary Minnie Mathew and urban development principal secretary B Sam Bob here on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14701302", "title": "Experts baffled as both young and old affected by H1N1", "text": "MUMBAI: The death of a 13-year-old girl at Belapur has baffled experts. Many had echoed the global community saying H1N1 was more like a seasonal flu. But after 17 deaths in the state, they are asking if the virus is being underestimated.The state has raced ahead of others in H1N1 casualties this year. Of the deceased, seven were healthy individuals aged 20-40 years. Interestingly, this age-group is considered least likely to fall prey to the virus in the post-pandemic phase. An equal number of casualties were reported in the 50-plus age-group, considered vulnerable if they have underlying health conditions. The virus has also claimed the lives of two teenagers and a toddler.State epidemiologist Dr Pradeep Awate surveillance has been made stringent. \"Yes, we are witnessing more cases in the monsoon. But, it would be wrong to say cases are unusually high,\" he said. He said doctors across the state are being alerted so that H1N1 is not misdiagnosed. \"If treated in time, H1N1 is absolutely curable,\" he said. The government is yet to find out why H1N1 has hit Maharashtra harder than any other state.But experts caution indiscriminate testing should not be encouraged. Physician Dr Pratik Samdani, who consults at Breach Candy Hospital, said there are many cases of viral fever but H1N1 is not suspected in all. \"H1N1 cases are not that many. At the same time, given the dip in temperature, a slight increase in cases in expected,\" he said, adding people often insist on getting tested on their own. \"People need not be alarmed but they should be watchful,\" he said.Specialist in paediatric infectious diseases at Kokilaben Hospital, Dr Tanu Singhal, said OPDs are flooded with cases of flu-like illnesses. \"We tell parents to watch kids carefully for first two days. Only if symptoms like fever and breathing difficulties persist do we start them on Tamiflu or insist on testing,\" she said. She added there is no clarity in the medical community over the use of vaccines for vulnerable population like pregnant women, children below five or the elderly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14702614", "title": "Dacoity in Mumbai-Asansol Express", "text": "PATNA: Criminals looted the passengers of a sleeper coach of weekly Mumbai-Asansol Express and disembarked at Chaura Halt, after Jamui railway station late on Thursday evening. An FIR has been lodged with Jhajha GRP in this connection. However, the passengers managed to overpower one criminal, identified as Tulsi Yadav of Khera village of Jamui district.Superintendent of Railway Police, Jamalpur, Amitabh Das, told TOI that all the other criminals involved in the loot would be arrested soon. According to information reaching here, the criminals had boarded the S9 coach of the Asansol-bound Mumbai-Asansol Express at Kiul station and started looting the passengers. Many passengers were robbed of their cash and belongings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14703087", "title": "\u2018Moral police\u2019 attack couple near hospital at Vattappara", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a suspected case of moral policing, a couple was attacked by three miscreants at Vengod near Vattappara on Tuesday night. Nedumangad police have registered a case and launched a probe after receiving a complaint from the couple in this regard. The victims have been identified as Ajikumar and his wife, Santhi, residents of Karakulam.According to their complaint, they attacked around 10.30pm near a private hospital located at Vengod. They were returning after visiting one of their relatives admitted at the hospital, when they encountered the miscreants.Like in all moral policing cases, the couple was bombarded with a series of questions regarding their identity, the kind of relationship they shared and their purpose of walking along the lonely road at that point of time. The attackers even asked the couple to show their identity proofs. When the questioning went overboard, Ajikumar objected. This infuriated the accused.The initial questioning was done by a single person. When the encounter turned violent, two others, who were passing by on a motorcycle, joined the first attacker. It is alleged that they also robbed Ajikumar of a sum of Rs 9,000 before leaving the scene.The Nedumangad sub inspector Ragesh said that an intense probe has been launched to trace the culprits. They have already identified the first accused as one Saranyakumar alias Hari of Pariyaram near Nedumangad. He is absconding ever since the police registered the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14709491", "title": "Temple ceremony results in traffic jam on Old Mamallapuram Road", "text": "CHENNAI: Traffic came to a standstill between SRP Tools and Karapakkam, a distance of 6km, on the Old Mamallapuram Road (OMR) on Friday as Tamil Nadu Road Development Company (TNRDC) closed a service lane at Kandanchavidi on the stretch to allow religious ceremony as part of the consecration of the Bhavani Amman temple there.Thousands of motorists who are on their way to work on the IT Corridor and to the city got stuck on the stretch as traffic piled up since 10am. With hundreds of devotees lining up to get darshan since early morning, and a few ministers attending the ceremony, it was total chaos on the road. Shamianas erected on the service lane in Kandanchavidi did not help matters.\"On working days, the stretch has heavy traffic during rush hour. Now, with the closure of the service lane and presence of large number of devotees on the road, traffic movement is dead slow,\" said S Ganesh, an IT professional.The stretch houses many major IT companies and IT parks including TIDEL Park, Satam Computer Services, HCL Technologies , TCS, CTS, SIPCOTT IT Park, Cyber City, Accenture India, TECCI Park, Wipro Technologies, Polaris Software Lab and Infosys.OMR is home to more than 240 IT companies with a workforce of around 1.2 lakh. The stretch also has many prominent educational institutions like Chennai Mathematical Institute and Satyabama University. Everyday at least 20,000 vehicles use the stretch between Madhya Kailash and Siruseri, a distance of 20km, which is also known as IT Corridor Phase I. MTC operates more than 400 services on the stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700316", "title": "1984 riots: HC prods Centre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday asked the Union home ministry, the state revenue department and Ahmedabad district collector seeking explanation over the issue of compensation for damages sustained by the Sikh families during the 1984 anti-Sikh riots.A division bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala has asked the concerned authorities to submit affidavits in this regard within three weeks, said advocate Kishor Paul.Paul filed a public interest litigation on behalf of Kalgidhar Sewak Jatha, a Sikh organization, which has demanded compensation for 60 families in Ahmedabad. According to the petitioner organization, in the anti-Sikh riots that broke out following assassination of then prime minister Indira Gandhi , Properties of 60 Sikh families were damaged and destroyed in Raipur and Saraspur areas of the city. FIRs were also lodged in connection with the riots.The PIL further stated that the Centre had then announced a relief package for the riots affected. Accordingly, the riot affected families from Ahmedabad had sought the relief, but they were refused. They communicated with central and state governments, but their requests were not heeded.The petition also stated that the state government had gone to the extent of claiming that no incident of rioting had taken place in Gujarat and no step was taken to assess the damage caused during the riots. Petitioner's counsel also contended that the riot affected in different states like Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Punjab and Haryana were duly compensated and the riot affected of Ahmedabad should be given compensation on the same line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14702990", "title": "Don\u2019t compare self to Vivekananda, court tells \u2018disciple\u2019", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by Justice Dili Babasaheb Bhosale disposed of a habeas corpus petition filed by a couple from Shimoga, after their only son Santosh, a disciple of Swami Nityananda for the past three-and-a-half years, refused to go with them.When asked about his parents' plea, Santosh, 34, who has been staying at the ashram in Bidadi since 2009, told the bench: \"I am a supervisor at the catering unit of the ashram. I have given them whatever I've earned,\" he categorically told the court bench.The court wanted to know why he cannot accompany his parents as he is their only son. To which he replied that even Swami Vivekananda was the only son of his parents.\"What do you know about Vivekananda? Don't compare yourself to him,\" the bench warned and disposed of the plea, as he stuck to his stand.Santosh, a hotel management graduate, worked in Dubai for some time before he became a disciple of Nityananda, and took the spiritual name of Shantimayananda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14697647", "title": "HC lawyer to file PIL on Pinki Pramanik's detention", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court Chief Justice Jainarayan Patel granted permission to an advocate of the court to move a public interest litigation (PIL) on Friday relating to the detention of former athlete Pinki Pramanik in jail, which the advocate had termed illegal.Former CPM MLA and former member of the state women's rights commission Bharati Mutsuddi and advocate Rabi Ranjan Chatterjee mentioned the matter before the division bench of the Chief Justice and Justice S Chakraborty and argued that the court should take suo moto action against illegal detention of Pinki. While mentioning the case, they placed a copy of The Times of India in court.Justice Patel asked: \"Why have you waited for so long? You should have gone and met Pinki in jail and found out the difficulties she is going through and then moved court.\"The lawyers said that would take time and requested permission to move the PIL at 10.30am on Friday. While granting permission to move the PIL, the court directed the lawyers to inform the state about the matter.Imtiaz Ahmed, an advocate, will be the petitioner of the PIL. The petition sought immediate release of Pinki, contending that her detention was illegal. It was pointed out that the charge against her is that she had raped a woman. But section 376 of CrPC said that rape charges cannot be lodged against a woman by another woman.It was also stated in the petition that, till now, Pinki's gender has not been detected as a man. Till her gender is decided, she is a woman. But, she has male police personnel as her escort. The PIL said that such violation of rights must stop. Her detention is a violation of human rights, the PIL said.Pinki was arrested on June 14 after a woman alleged that the athlete was a male and had raped her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14700404", "title": "Security plans in place for Kanwar Yatra this year", "text": "GURGAON: To ensure a smooth \"Kanwar Yatra\" this year, the city police have put all the necessary security arrangements in place, especially on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway. The commissioner of police, K K Sindhu, has asked for a list of all the Shiva temples from the SHOs of their respective areas so that security can be tightened around those places.During the yatra, 400 guards will be deployed along with the police, said Sindhu. Heavy vehicles will not be allowed on the service lanes of the expressway.Senior police officers of all districts had a video conference meeting on Wednesday, to discuss the safety and security arrangements for the yatra. \"At the meeting, the chief of Haryana police issued some important guidelines regarding the arrangements during the Kanwar Yatra in the state,\" said a senior police officer.He also said that the traffic police have asked DSC Ltd to dedicate a separate lane on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, for the Kanwarias, who will be returning from Haridwar.\"We are making arrangements for the Kanwarias to reach their destination safely. Our PCR and rider team will also be on an alert 24X7, during the Kanwar Yatra,\" said Sindhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14698936", "title": "UP invites companies for setting up food processing units", "text": "LUCKNOW: As leading producers of potatoes in the country, the state government on Thursday assured industrialists that it would assist entrepreneurs in setting up food processing units in the state. At a Potato Conclave organised here, agriculture production commissioner Alok Ranjan interacted with senior representatives of companies like PepsiCo India, Merino Enterprises, ITC's techno and agri-based division, Radico Khaitan, Potato King and invited them to set up food processing units in the state. Ranjan also assured them that with the government working to put together a new food processing policy for UP, efforts were being made to iron out all concerns faced by industrialists and entrepreneurs in the past.Following digital presentations by several companies, Radico Khaitan director KP Singh also made a proposal to set up a vodka-manufacturing unit in the state, for which Ranjan said Singh would be given all assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14701563", "title": "Schisms appear in Cong\u2019s minority department", "text": "VADODARA: Congress might be seeing the ensuing assembly polls as an opportunity to loosen the stranglehold of BJP in the state, but schisms seem to have clearly emerged among leaders of the minority community that is a key to the party's success following the minority convention at Ahmedabad on Sunday. The differences have their roots in the fact that veteran party leader Irshad Baig Mirza and his supporters were overlooked at the event.The convention was organised to propagate the steps taken by the UPA for the minorities and also discuss issues pertaining to them. But it was clearly aimed at galvanising cadres for the ensuing polls. It seems to have ended up doing something quite contrary to the plans.Mirza's name was not included in the card and it also came to light that some of his supporters too were not invited for the event. The issue is now being widely discussed amongst a section of minority leaders from the party across the state who have allegiance to Mirza, an All India Congress Committee secretary and a former Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) general secretary.On Tuesday night, Mirza was in Godhra and leaders of the minority community from the town close to him huddled into a meeting. Sources in the Congress at Godhra said that Mirza's supporters wanted to start a campaign against the injustice meted out to him. Mirza, however, denied that he was there for the meeting and said that he had gone there for work related to a mango plantation at his farm.Prominent minority leader from Godhra Rafiq Tijoriwala, who is close to Mirza, said that a section of leaders were clearly unhappy as Mirza and those who sympathise him were ignored. He added that some minority leaders in Godhra were also planning to hold a minority convention and invite Mirza there.When asked about the matter, Mirza said that it was an internal issue and he had raised it within the party. \"I have informed the GPCC officials about what transpired and am awaiting a reply,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14707106", "title": "Manual admissions in Odisha colleges to continue", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Thursday quashed a notification issued by the higher education department to go for compulsory e-admissions in junior and degree colleges in this May.HC also directed state to continue with both e-admission and manual admissions in colleges as was the past practice.\"The state (government) should find ways and means to work both the systems together,\" the division bench of chief justice V Gopala Gowda and justice S K Mishra said.The high court did not find fault with the idea of e-admission but was against the compulsory implementation of the system as the facilities of computer and internet accessibility have not made adequate penetration in state.\"E-admission will not cause any real hardship to the students residing in cities having proper computer and internet facilities, it will pose difficulties to those students who are living in interior parts of the state where computer and internet facilities are not available,\" said the judgment that was reserved earlier.The state higher education department had earlier ordered that all the 600-odd degree and autonomous colleges of the state shall go for e-admission as is now being done in junior colleges of the state. The government had also taken the decision that apart from e-admission, the students shall also fill up their forms for the examinations through online.This decision of the government had however been challenged in the HC when a member of 'Save Education Committee' Biswabasu Dash filed the PIL seeking judiciary intervention. The HC in an interim order had earlier directed the state to go for both e-admission and manual admission as was the practice earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702155", "title": "Bombay HC bats for abandoned woman", "text": "MUMBAI: Change on your own and take care of your elderly relative, or we will take action... was the blunt message delivered by the Bombay high court on Thursday as it came to the rescue of a 65-year-old woman abandoned and living alone in her Rs 50-crore bungalow on a prime plot in Versova.A division bench of Justices Sharad Bobade and Mridula Bhatkar also had some words of advice for the Social Services Branch of the Mumbai police, which has been recently in the news for Vasant Dhobale's targeting of night clubs in the city. \"The police is not meant to only register FIRs, there is a social side to the police as well,\" said the judges, adding, \"A social law had been enacted, which has to be implemented properly.\" The court was referring to the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizen's Act that makes children and legal heirs responsible for maintaining their elderly parents and kin.The judges have directed the police to place on record its action plan to protect the life and property of senior citizens in the city.The court was hearing a public interest litigation about the plight of Jaishree Gholkar, who lives in Sita Kutir, on a 604-square metre plot in Versova, that is worth over Rs 30 crore. Two of her brothers died, and the other three are in the United States . Advocate N Pradhan, counsel for the petitioners, said that Jaishree had in her will bequeathed her property after her death to her sister-in-law Savitha and her nephew Ashish . \"Despite the will, they have abandoned Jaishree, who is living in utter filth and not even provided basic necessities food,\" said Pradhan.The lawyer said she was surviving on food given to her by some good Samaritans. The petition has urged the court to direct her kin, who will inherit her property, to pay her a monthly maintenance of Rs 10,000, appoint a maid to take care of her and repair the house. \"She has given you her property and you treat her like this,\" said an incensed HC, while warning her relatives, \"You change on your own, or we will take action. You might even lose the property you may inherit (from Jaishree) as per the law if you don't take care of her.\" The judges have told the mother-son duo to be present in court at the next hearing.The court was also informed of the police inaction against complaints that Jaishree's neighbours were trying to encroach upon her property.The court asked the government counsel who was in-charge of such matters, and was informed that it was the Social Services Branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14700372", "title": "5 months on, mobile toilets raise stink in HUDA areas", "text": "GURGAON: In less than five months of their launch, the mobile toilets in HUDA sectors are slowly becoming unhygienic, defeating the basic purpose of the public utility service. There are over 50 made-in China mobile toilets parked in several locations including main roads, markets and residential colonies in HUDA Sectors. HUDA had tied-up with a private firm to set up and run these mobile toilets but the agency is receiving complaints from the RWAs about their poor maintenance. Residents claimed that the toilets are unmanned, unclean and have no signage for men and women.HUDA had started the facility with much fanfare but it seemed the agency overlooked several issues relating to the project. The toilets are made of prefabricated materials. \"They are overused and there is no one to clean them. This defeats the entire purpose of having them in the first place,\" said Anup Srivastav, a Sector 31 resident.Residents said that the private firm must depute someone, at least in the toilets used by women. \"Also, the toilets having no signage marked for men or women ,\" added Srivastav. In order to keep the city clean and provide basic utilities to residents, HUDA had planned to engage the firm but now it is back firing since the toilets don't even have the facilities of water and drainage. This glaring inadequacy was pointed out to the HUDA administrator by Sector 31 residents during a routine interaction on Wednesday afternoon. The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , admitted that the mobile toilet facility needs to be looked into for better management.\"The firm has been asked to provide manpower at the toilets and HUDA is also exploring the option of constructing toilets on a PPP model for long-term solution,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "14697843", "title": "Medicos stage dharna over denial of additional seats to T region", "text": "WARANGAL: Kakatiya Medical College (KMC) students and teaching staff staged a dharna here on Thursday demanding additional seats in three Telangana government medical colleges.Later they resorted to a rasta roko causing a heavy traffic jam on the Warangal-Kazipet highway.Medical JAC convener B Mohan Rao and IMA (Warangal chapter) president Sheshumadhav led the protests. They blamed the ministers and political leaders from the region for the 'raw deal' meted out to government medical colleges in allocation of seats. The region lost more than 150 seats because of the lackadaisical approach of the leaders, they said. MCI authorities was directed the district administration for better amenities at the teaching hospital MGM at Warangal town and KMC.Students and medical employees association representatives blamed the congress party ministers and MP's for loss of the more seats at KMC.Later, speaking to media persons, Sheshumadhav said that the state government conspired to deny additional seats to Telangana medical colleges with excellent track record and good facilities. \"Some colleges have even celebrated golden jubilee after outstanding performance, but government saw no reason to add 50 more seats in each of them,\" Sheshumadhav lamented.He also blamed the government ministers also part of the administration are not taken initiation for the additional seats in the T region, how can we support the health minister comments, T region ten district having 2250 seats, 9 districts Andhra 2300 and four districts Rayalaseema having 900 medical seats is correct? Showing this figures and lack of doctor posts Seemandhra people will come and join at T region hospitals to fulfill their exploitation of the T assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14697781", "title": "Andhra Pradesh's power centres sitting on 'fire bombs'", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is not just Jubilee Hall or Secretariat, even the AP Legislative Assembly, Legislative Council and the chief minister's camp office do not have any fire safety measures. Many buildings on the Assembly premises do not have minimum fire-fighting equipment like extinguishers.In the wake of the fire mishap at Jubilee Hall, Public Gardens, on Sunday soon after the visit of UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee , the AP Disaster Response and Fire Services department has inspected all buildings on the premises of the Assembly, Legislative Council and the chief minister's camp office in Begumpet and prepared a report. A report on fire safety measures at Secretariat buildings (all blocks) was already submitted by the fire services department to the chief secretary soon after the mishap at the Mantralaya in Mumbai a couple of weeks ago.Sources said chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy would hold a review meeting on the issue on Saturday.Officials said of the five buildings - main building (old), main building (new), Assembly secretary building, library building and printing press buildings - no structure has complete fire-fighting equipment as per the National Building Code. Both the old and new main buildings lack equipment like hose reel, wet riser, yard hydrant, automatic sprinkler system, manually-operated electric fire alarm, automatic detection and alarm system, terrace tank and fire pumps. In the cellar at the secretary's building, waste scrap and furniture have been dumped, which could be potential source of fire, while the decades-old electrical installations should be replaced, the report claimed.\"There is an automatic detection, alarm system and fire extinguishers in the main Assembly building (new), but they are not in working condition. In the library building, 16 fire extinguishers are required,\" a senior official of the Fire Services department told TOI.The Legislative Council hall, which is located adjacent to the Jubilee Hall, too lacks minimum fire safety measures. The meeting hall, main corridor, visitors' waiting hall, officer's cabin in Jubilee Hall and press gallery, visitor's gallery, leader of opposition's chamber and chairman's chamber don't even have fire extinguishers let alone full equipment.As the fire originated in the AC plant at Jubilee Hall, the fire services department recommended that the plant, located on the terrace of the building, should be shifted to an open space immediately and the furniture dumped in the adjacent room of the corridor shifted out. Except one or two fire extinguishers, there are no fire safety measures at the ground+1 building of the CM's camp office, the officials said. Since it is a crucial VVIP movement area, the department suggested various measures apart from making a fire tender available near the camp office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14703394", "title": "Found: Dark matter string between galaxy clusters", "text": "WASHINGTON: For the first time, astronomers have discovered a giant string of invisible dark matter across the universe between a pair of galaxy clusters. The universe is thought to be filled with such strings of dark matter, a mysterious substance that cannot be seen, only sensed through its gravitational pull.Scientists have made many attempts earlier to find dark matter filaments, which are predicted by theories that suggest galaxy clusters form at the intersections of filaments . Dark matter is thought to make up 98% of all matter in the universe. Now, scientists find a giant filament that forms a bridge between two huge clusters called Abell 222 and Abell 223, which lie 2.7 billion light-years away.\"This is the first time (a dark matter filament) has been convincingly detected from its gravitational lensing effect,\" said Jorg Dietrich ,an astronomer at the University Observatory Munich in Germany.\"It's a resounding confirmation of the standard theory of structure formation of the universe. And it's a confirmation people didn't think was possible at this point,\" Dietrich said. Many astronomers thought detecting filaments would have to wait until telescopes became significantly more advanced, but Dietrich and his colleagues benefited from the rare spatial geometry of this cluster, which allowed them to detect signs of what's called weak gravitational lensing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14700102", "title": "3 held for robbing Afghan students", "text": "MAPUSA: Mapusa police on Wednesday arrested three persons, including a minor, in connection with a theft in a room where two Afghan students were staying on rent.According to police two Afghan students Mohammad Omar Farooq and Ahammad Khurshid were staying in a rented room at Ekta Nagar housing board in Mapusa.The minor was known to the Afghans and used to visit their place. On Tuesday morning, while Mohammad and Ahammad were in college the accused effected entry into the room by opening the lock of main door and decamped with two laptops, a mobile phone and $750 all worth 1.5 lakh.The students approached Mapusa police who picked up one of the acused on suspicion. The accused revealed the names of two others involved in the case. Police said that during the course of the investigation all three accused confessed to the crime.The juvenile has been sent to the Apna ghar at Merces. The other two accused are Jaiwant Pujari and Kancha Patil both residents of Ganganagar, Khorlim, who are daily wage workers.The accused with the help of a friend managed to sell the laptop and a mobile phone to a shop owner. Police have recovered the laptops and mobile phone, but have not recovered the money stolen. Police on Thursday obtained four days remand of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14700929", "title": "I will continue to fight for tribals' rights, says Vittala Malekudiya after release from jail", "text": "MANGALORE: \"Nothing can stop me from continuing my fight for the rights of forest dwellers,\" said Mangalore University journalism student Vittala Malekudiya after he was released from the district jail here on Thursday.Vittala and his father Linganna Malekudiya, who were arrested by the Anti-Naxal Force (ANF) on March 3 for allegedly supporting naxals, were released on bail after 125 days. The court on Tuesday had granted them bail on the grounds that police had failed to file chargesheet against the duo even after the stipulated time of 90 days.Vittala said he would continue his fight against forceful eviction of tribals from the forest. \"The arrest and humiliation will not deter me from continuing to participate in fights for rights of forest dwellers. I will continue my studies to fulfill my dreams of becoming a journalist. I was branded as a naxal supporter for the simple reason that I was participating in protests for the rights of forest dwellers,\" he said.On government's package offer for those who come out of the forest, Vittala asserted that he and his family will never leave forest. \"Whatever is the package offer, it is our right and we will continue to live in forest,\" he added.Linganna said that he had to suffer a lot mental and physical torture after the arrest by ANF. \"They tortured me physically and broke my leg when I was in their custody. Now I am not able to walk without crutches,\" he said.\"I was worried only about my wife and daughter when I was in jail. My daughter is a nursing student and I was worried about her education as I was the only breadwinner of the family. This experience (in the jail) has made me strong. I will continue to fight for the rights of the forest dwellers,\" Linganna added.The duo was charged under sections 10 and 13 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and Section 121 of the IPC. HC judge Justice Subhash B Adi on June 20 disposing of the bail petition filed by Vittala had asked him to approach the jurisdictional court to seek bail under Section 167(2) of CrPC as the police had failed to file chargesheet within the stipulated time of 90 days. Following this, Belthangady JMFC court on Tuesday had granted conditional bail to the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14699114", "title": "OPD patients, surgeries in Government Medical College and Hospital take a hit", "text": "NAGPUR: The number of patients walking into Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) has constantly been falling over the last few years, so have the number of surgeries being performed in the hospital. This was revealed in the answers to an RTI query by the hospital authorities.An RTI application was sent to the authorities by the Central India Surgical Dealers Association questioning them about the number of patients in the hospital in the last four years. GMCH, Asia's largest government-run medical college, was once a glorious institution but several such revelations have marred its image in recent times.The patient flow in OPD has reduced significantly in these years. In OPD (new) there were 4,74,882 patients in 2008 which rose to 5,17,407 in 2009 but fell to 3,83,525 in 2010 and came further down to 2,61,860 last year. Similarly in OPD (old) in 2008 there were 1,81,111 number of paetients. The number rose to 2,42,102 in 2009 and 3,56,389 in 2010 but in 2011 it reduced to 3,03,948.As far as major surgeries are concerned the number fell to 11,412 in 2011 from 12,701 in 2008. Similarly in 2008, 33,275 in minor surgeries were performed which reduced to 27,912 in 2011.Insiders ascribe this fall to the persistent insufficiency of supplies, including essential drugs as well as surgical goods in the hospital. \"A hospital that receives such a heavy flow of patients is expected to be well equipped. Most times, we have to tell the patients to buy things like syringes, plasters and many important medicines from outside despite the fact that the hospital is supposed to provide these to the poor patients who come here,\" said one of the doctors of the hospital.\"Due to outstanding bills amounting to more than a crore of rupees, the surgical dealers had decided to stop supplying goods to the hospital, some dating back to a couple of years. Despite several promises made in this regard, Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) failed to pay us back,\" said Prince Uppal, president of Central India Surgical Dealers Association. The RTI reply, though, states that there are no outstanding bills to be paid to the dealers. \"This has also forced one of our dealers to serve a legal notice to GMCH,\" he added.Recently, the hospital's chapter of Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors (MARD) had gone on a strike for various insufficiencies, one of which was the lack of life-saving drugs in the hospital. \"It is common knowledge that the hospital has an insufficient stock of several essential medications, even the most commonly needed ones like syringes, saline and antibiotics. Though we are not the ones responsible for this insufficiency, we are the ones who have to face angry relatives who often resort to violence,\" said Dr Parag Kinage, MARD president at GMCH.In reply to one of the other questions raised through RTI, the hospital said that it does not have enough syringes, formalin, plaster of Paris and other material needed for surgeries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14696681", "title": "Calicut University flouts rules to waive fine of erring college", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Here is another gem from Calicut University. Barely months after granting prime varsity land to private trusts and associations linked to IUML top brass, the Calicut University has doled out yet another favour. This time, for a college under the chairmanship of Manjalamkuzhi Ali, IUML leader and urban affairs minister.In violation of university statutes and academic council resolutions, the University Syndicate has decided to waive a fine of Rs 3 lakh imposed on the college by the varsity for making illegal admissions to a degree course.The Gems Arts and Science College at Ramapuram in Malappuram district under the chairmanship of Ali had admitted 30 students to its newly allotted BCom with Finance course in the academic year 2010-11 in gross violation of university norms.The university, while granting affiliation to the new course on 8/2/2011, had stated that the classes should commence only in 2011-12. But the college admitted 30 students for the course and started classes in 2010-11, without getting permission from the university.The University First Statutes 1977 states that 'no students shall be admitted to any course of instruction in the colleges in anticipation of affiliation'. The university had slapped a fine of Rs 3 lakh on the college when the violation came to light in accordance with the statutory finance committee order dated 4/2/ 2006 which states that the college managements who made irregular admissions should pay a fine of Rs 10,000 per seat.The university syndicate held on June 29, however, decided to exempt the Gems Arts and Science College from the fine but slapped penalties on colleges, including EMEA College, Kondotty, and Al Shifa College of Pharmacy, Perinthalmanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14708505", "title": "Gorakhpur Atomic Power Plant: Farmers soften stand, demand resettlement policy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After raising serious doubts on the aspects of safety of the proposed 2800 MW atomic power project in Gorakhpur village of Fatehabad district in Haryana and non-clearance of the project by crucial agencies, affected villagers has now raised the issue of absence of any policy for rehabilitation of farmers who would lose around 1500 acre land for the setting up of the plant.According to the farmers protesting the said project, there is no policy for resettlement and rehabilitation of farmers as what was done by the government for the farmers who has lost their land for Narmada valley and Tehri dam projects.The development is significant because till date the farmer were adamant against the setting up of the power plant and it is for the first time they have expressed some willingness to surrender their land in consideration of a re-settlement policy from state government. These submissions were made by farmer who had filed bunch of petitions against the project before the Punjab and Haryana high court. While claiming absence of any rehabilitation policy, farmers informed the HC that so far government has only announced the cost of their land but has not taken any decision for the rehabilitation of hundreds of villagers who will render homeless after acquisition of their land.\"Even the state has policy for rehabilitation of those oustees whose land is acquired for developing a residential sector or commercial zone but for their rehabilitation government has not any plan, \" farmers argued. They were given the examples of rehabilitation and resettlement policy of Narmada project and Tehri dam projects where the government had rehabilitate thousand of farmers before rendering them homeless.Raising safety aspects of the project counsel for the farmers, advocate Hari Om Attri also argued that Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCL) has not taken mandatory consent from Atomic Energy Regulation Board (AERB) for this plant. \"If tomorrow AERB finds the location not suitable on safety grounds, what would happen with the farmers who would become homeless after losing their land,\" petitioner's counsel argued.After hearing the issues raised by farmers, HC adjourned the case for arguments on July 11. Importantly, villagers of Fatehabad has been protesting for last more than a year against the acquisition of their land alleging that in the instant case Haryana government has shown undue haste for acquisition of land without considering the suitability of the land from ministry of environment and other authorities.Government has initiated the process of acquiring their 1500 acre land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14702872", "title": "Radwanska sets up Wimbledon final with Serena", "text": "LONDON: Serena Williams thumped down 24 aces to take her tally to 85 in The Championships as she muscled past a fighting Victoria Azarenka 6-3, 7-6 (6) to make her seventh Wimbledon final.In the title round on Saturday, the American, gunning for her fifth hurrah at SW19, will play the crafty Pole, Agnieszka Radwanska, who is in her maiden Grand Slam final.\"Is this reeeaaaally my seventh Wimbledon final?\" Serena, whose love for drama is beginning to sound rehearsed, asked. There's not much any one can do when the American is serving as big as she did on Thursday. Each time she was in trouble, Serena pulled out a 100 mph plus serve.Azarenka, whose grunt on Centre Court sounded like an old man's wheeze as the match progressed, refused to fall back, but up against the bludgeoning power of the former World No.1 it was only a matter of time.The 22-year-old Belarusian's best answers came in the second set after the American steamed ahead with a break of serve in the third game. The thing about the girl they call Tory on the Tour is she won't be back off. Then in a see-saw duel in the sixth game, Azarenka fought her way to her first breakpoints of the match.A little after Williams knocked-off her 15th ace, the second seed slammed a backhand off a second serve to break Serena and level at 3-3. The tie-break, however, was only going to go one way, unless the Amercan's serve fell apart. Serena fittingly closed out the match on her 24th ace after 1 hour and 36 minutes of play.Earlier, third-seeded Radwanska, playing her first Grand Slam semifinal, outsmarted Germany's Angelique Kerber 6-3, 6-4 in 70 minutes. It was the German, however, who started strongly in both sets. In the first she ran up a 3-1 lead only to have her opponent reel off five games in a row to close the set.In the second set, Radwanska, who patrols the baseline like a suspicious guard on night duty, threw in a variety of spins to take away the power from her opponent, giving Kerber little rhythm on her fiery groundstrokes. Radwanska broke in the fifth game of the second set, breaking against the run of play, as Kerber seemed to be finding her range from the back of the court. The tenacious Pole then did well to hold serve and take a decisive 4-2 lead.Radwanska, without the big weapons of power and pace, made no mistakes, becoming the first Grand Slam finalist from her country in 75 years. Radwanska said, \"I am really happy. It's been my dream to make a Grand Slam final. I had a really tough quarterfinal match so it was it was good to get the day off and rest yesterday. It's always tough against Angie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702996", "title": "5 kids miss school for a month over fee dispute", "text": "MUMBAI: A disagreement between their mother and the management of their school in Mazgaon over late payment of fees has forced three children to sit at home for more than a month now. Two cousins of the three kids, who attend the same school, have also not attended classes for the same period.On June 21, the Iqra International School management lodged a complaint with the Byculla police that the mother, Rukhsana Fahim, had abused them and other employees. The next day, Fahim lodged a non-cognizable complaint, alleging her children were not allowed to enter the school for late payment of fees. \"The school rule says if a parent defaults, s/he will be charged Rs 10 extra per day. But it does not say students will not be allowed to attend classes,\" said Fahim, adding her three kids and two nephews had not been allowed in school since June 22. She has said she will not send the kids back, if a teacher and the school manager did not resign.But the management claimed on being asked to pay up, Fahim \"created a scene\", forcing them to call the police. \"We never asked the children to leave,\" said school manager Samir Khan, adding all five's names were still on the muster.Row over booksSome students of Samta Vidya Mandir in Kandivli have alleged that they were punished for not buying books from the school but from a bookstore. \"The principal denied the charge,\" said P R Pawar, education inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699524", "title": "Marathon for a cause on Sunday", "text": "NASHIK: A two-km marathon for differently-abled children from special schools all over the district is being organized by NGOs on July 8 from 8am onwards from Mahatma Nagar ground.Non-governmental organizations Manav Utthan Manch (MuM) and Eco Drive Youngsters have jointly organized a two-km marathon for the children. The marathon will begin from Mahatma Nagar ground to ABB Circle and back to Mahatma Nagar ground.Twenty schools all over the district have confirmed their participation in the event, with around 1,200 students participating in the marathon. These differently-abled participants will be helped by 150 volunteers and students.From 8.00 am to 8.30 am, cultural programmes like rope malkhambh by blind students, lezim and dance by other differently-abled children.\"There is no chief guest for this event. The event will be flagged of by the youngest disabled student. Volunteers will help the participants in the event. We have also invited all the regular schools in Nashik to cheer the participants and help them. We want the normal students to realise how blessed they are,\" said Tejas Chavan of Eco Drive Youngsters.A disabled international swimmer Hansraj Patil has been specially invited by the organisers to motivate the participants. The special schools will be provided with stalls to display and share information about their schools. The organisers have appealed to Nashikites to be present in large numbers to encourage these children.\"We have arranged for buses to fetch the children from the schools. All the participants will be given trophies, certificates and T-shirts while all the participating schools will be given trophies,\" informed Jagbir Singh of MuM. He and Ashish Lakariya, a volunteer, visited all the schools and noted down their requirements. \"In future, we hope to help these schools with their requirements,\" said Jagbir.The organisers informed that the marathon that was to take place before in June before monsoon started got delayed due to lack of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14698968", "title": "Japanese delegation meets CM, presents infra proposals", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday met a delegation of officials from Japan-based ITOCHU Corporation . Praising the Japanese government's development and rebuilding initiatives in the wake of the recent natural disaster, the chief minister said that his government is willing to engage with any company that promises all-round development of Uttar Pradesh.Specialists in undertaking infrastructure projects like electricity production, high speed surface transport systems like monorail, and airports also presented proposals for undertaking similar initiatives in Uttar Pradesh. Reiterating that the government is will continue to undertake large-scale development initiatives, for which Japanese technology could be crucial, Akhilesh said that the government would consider the company's proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700677", "title": "Another residential project stuck in legal hassles", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Malaysian Township (Rain Tree Park) in Kukatpally, currently under the Income Tax (I-T) scanner, is not the only APHB-IJM (India) Infrastructure Limited joint venture that seems to have hit a rough patch. Another residential-cum-commercial project that the two signed in 2005 is also stuck in a legal battle for close to three years now. The land measuring a whopping 36 acres is located opposite the Malaysian Township and has seen no developmental activity yet. The current worth of this land is anywhere between Rs 360 and Rs 400 crore.This land parcel was sold to the Malaysia-based developer by the Andhra Pradesh Housing Board (APHB) at a rate of Rs 3.82 per acre, seven years ago. As per the agreement, the property was set to be developed into a housing complex, on the lines of the Rain Tree Park, by Swarnandhra-IJMII Integrated Township Development Company Pvt Ltd (SITCO), a joint venture firm floated by the two parties.The project was likely to include commercial establishments too. However, soon after the announcement, the much-hyped venture hit a roadblock with the state department slapping a 'termination of agreement' notice on the developer. It cited non-payment by the buyer as reason for the move.\"The developer paid 20% of the total cost to APHB at the time of signing the agreement and were supposed to pay the balance in installments thereafter. But despite the lapse of deadline, the company did not pay the second installment. Therefore, we slapped a termination order,\" said B Rajagopal, chief engineer with APHB. The matter soon landed at the Andhra Pradesh high court and has remained unresolved till date.\"We dragged the housing board to court because their notice was unwarranted. As per the deal, the developer was not supposed to pay any installment to APHB until the department conferred the power of attorney (of the project) on the joint venture,\" argued B Venka Reddy, company secretary of SITCO referring to the latest high court hearing on the case (held in April 2009) that honoured SITCO's claim and declared the termination as 'illegal'. The bench, however, added another clause in the order that restrained the developer from continuing with the contract on that property.\"Subsequently there was another order passed in favour of us. But because of the ambiguity in the first order, the Chief Justice posted the matter to a third judge. It has been in the court ever since,\" Reddy added.While SITCO officials maintain that they would start work on the project once the legalities are sorted, industry observers feel that the land should be resumed by the housing board and resold to a third party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702231", "title": "'Defaulting on payment taken through broker is not cheating'", "text": "MUMBAI: If a company collects money from people through a broker and fails to repay, it does not amount to cheating, a magistrate has said.Magistrate S S Agarwal of Esplanade Court said cheating sections could not be invoked as there was no direct or even indirect inducement of investors by a proprietor. Criminal breach of trust offence, however, could be applied, the magistrate said, while granting bail to Avra Ghose, proprietor of Shakti Health Care in Malad.The Economic Offences Wing arrested Ghose on May 18 for not repaying around Rs 2 crore to 50 investors. On June 25, Ghose was granted bail on Rs 1 lakh with directions to attend EOW office from 11am to 4pm once a week.The complainant, finance broker Shyam Ahuja, had arranged for the investments. After visiting Ghose's factory in Himachal Pradesh and convinced by his assurances, Ahuja advised people to invest and received brokerage. Ghose produced documents showing regular payments to Ahuja, the court said. \"There was no direct inducement to investors, but the complainant gave advice, without himself investing in the firm. Section 420 (cheating) of IPC can hardly be applied,\" the magistrate said. He added it would be interesting to decide the liability of Ghose or Ahuja towards the investors, \"but at this stage, I do not wish to make any comment\".While collecting money in December 2010, Ghose promised investors 18% annual interest. But in August last year, when the cheques issued to the investors bounced, Ahuja lodged a complaint with the crime branch; in May this year, the EOW registered an FIR against Ghose and his wife Avantika. The police said documents confirmed diversion of funds. When Ghose applied for bail, they even objected to it, saying, the accused had prepared fake balance sheet and issued cheques though his account did not have enough balance. Ghose has played the main role and caused financial loss to several victims, the police said, adding they would decide on retaining cheating section when filing chargesheet.The court said if investors lodged a complaint and if cops recorded their statements, it was natural that they were bound to follow the complainant's instruction. There were business transactions between Ahuja and Ghose and cheating case could not be applied here, it added.Ahuja said he would explore legal options on the magistrate's observations. \"There are investors who invested directly with the company. What about them? They have approached the EOW,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "14700020", "title": "Three youths hurt performing stunt for TV show audition", "text": "DHANBAD: Three youths, two from West Bengal and one from Dhanbad were injured during a stunt show organized by a private television channel at Jharia on Thursday.The youths were sliding down from a three-storey building of a private school during an audition test for an adventure show when the rope gave way leading to an accident.Devdas Babri and Shankar Sharma from Burnpur in Asansol, who received serious injuries, were first rushed to a local hospital at Jharia.Later, their condition deteriorated and they were sent to Central Hospital of BCCL at Dhanbad and a private surgical nursing home at Dhansar for better treatment.The condition of Devdas and Shankar was stated to be serious by the doctors.Another youth Bablu Kumar, from Dhanbad also met with similar fate when he tried to perform a stunt for the television show and was admitted in a hospital in Jharia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701450", "title": "Rain raj begins", "text": "JAIPUR: The south west monsoon which was delayed by almost a week in Rajasthan finally reached here on Thursday evening when moderate showers were witnessed at various parts of the city. Widespread monsoon activity was witnessed in the eastern parts of the state and the Met office confirmed the onset of monsoon.Jaipur which was wilting under severe hot and humid conditions for more than a week also got a received a much needed respite when dense cloud cover that prevailed till afternoon. By evening, people of the city had enough reaons to rejoice.Thanks to the \"inaction\" of JMC in clearing the muck from the drains, water stood at several roads of the city, including Jawahar Lal Nehru (JLN) marg, MI Road, Statue circle. Despite heavy traffic chaos people of the pink city came out to enjoy the weather.People of the city were out on the roads to get drenched. However, JMC's unpreparedness to tackle monsoon was clearly seen as the drains were overflowing.Irrespective of water logging and traffic chaos, people remained outdoor to enjoy the weather till late on Thursday evening.Met office confirmed the arrival of south west monsoon. Rainfall was recorded at Kota, Jhalwar, Bhilwara, Sirohi. Nagaur and Hindoli received 80mm rainfall.\"The south west monsoon was active in eastern Rajasthan and its activity would be extended to other parts too in the next 48 hours. Hope to have widespread monsoon activity in Jaipur in the next couple of days,\" SS Singh, director, Jaipur Met office told TOI on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14710993", "title": "Nargis Music is promoting Bhojpuri industry", "text": "Nargis music has emerged to evolve the Bhojpuri cinema industry. Nargis music has also launched the dvd of the biggest blockbuster of last year, 'Rangbaaz'. 'Lach Lach Lachke Mori Kamariya' and 'Jobna Kaile Baate' are few songs of the movie which are played on the 'Sangeet Music Channel'.Kalia which is going to be released very soon under the banner of A S C Digital Pvt Ltd, has already raked in the chart busters with its songs. The movie is directed by Shivram Yadav and Haider Kazmi is in the lead role. All the songs are shown on 'Sangeet Music Channel' many a times. Songs of this movie like, 'Ranger Pe Chadhike', Hai Re Jawani' are highly in public demand. Many songs are downloaded for mobile caller tunes too.Haider Kazmi is the CMD of Nargis music and it has it's own website digital channel which gives free promotion and advertisement to all the movies. And thus has increased the download rates and made people more aware and interested towards the Bhojpuri cinema industry.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14697895", "title": "Sapling sales soar this season", "text": "INDORE: As the city gears up to welcome monsoon, the sales of saplings in the nurseries across the city are going up. There are about 20 huge nurseries in the city and many of them have seen a spurt of about 50 % in their sales.Uday Bhanupandya, owner of a nursery in Rau, has seen a sales growth of about 70% till now. He says, \"With monsoon arriving in the city, people's interest has grown in buying plants. The maintenance of plants becomes easier during monsoon. Customers demand both seasonal and ever-green varieties.\"Attributing steep rise in plant sales to the ample availability of water, he says, \"Not much effort is needed to take care of plants during this season.\"Jitendra, senior manager of a nursery who has seen this trend in the past many years, says, \"We sell more plants during June-September.\" \"A plant needs generous quantities of water in the initial 3-4 months. At that stage, if they are watered regularly, their growth is fast and healthy. So, rains are suitable for mass plantation purposes,\" Jitendra points out.Currently, palms, shrubs and ground covers are in demand. Plants like roses are in demand. Aricapalm, Aglonima, Dracena, Crotons, Singonium etc are some of the popular choices this season.Mayank Agrawal, a developer, who has bought hundreds of new varieties of plants for his upcoming project, says \"I have to intervene least if I plant them right now as the roots will grow stronger.\"Ajay Garg, who enjoys gardening and has bought varieties of roses for his farmhouse, says, \"I have bought about 2,000 plants like roses and hedges so that I can develop a natural ambience in my farmhouse in the rainy season.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14710131", "title": "Geeta Zaildar set to release Sardar", "text": "Geeta Zailder gets ready to release the track titled 'Sardar'. Music is given by Prabh Near (Prabhi), who has given hits such as Hathyar (Gurminder Maddoke), Nach Ke Harauna (Sony Dhugga), Facebook (Sandeep Sony), Chakk Chakk, and Pani Paa Ke!\"One Man Army\" describes this man perfectly. He stepped into the music field as composer and later took on singing, lyricist, music producer, sound designer and list goes on.Prabh Near (prabhi) belongs to a musical family and has extensively learned and been trained in classical and folk music. He can play numerous instruments, including harmonium, piano, tabla, dholak, and drums to name a few. Prabhi started his career as a music arranger before producing music on his own.He is currently working on a number of projects with various singers and music banners. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699213", "title": "PGI's trauma centre SGPGIto start in June 2013", "text": "LUCKNOW: The SGPGI's trauma centre has been delayed by another year. This centre was to get functional by in the mid of June 2012. Officials at the apex medical institution however feel that there won't be a further delay in it as chief secretary Jawed Usmani has fixed a final deadline of June 2013 for this mega project. Usmani gave directions to this effect at a meeting to review progress of various projects pending with the medical education department here on Thursday.Having bed strength of 200, the center is coming up 400 meters from main campus of the institution situated on the Rae Bareli Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14701459", "title": "Passport offices in 7 regional centres to accept applications on Sunday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Passport offices in seven regional centres will stay open to accept applications on July 7, MEA announced.Buoyed by the huge response to their weekend passport melas, MEA announced that regional passport offices, including Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs) under their jurisdiction in cities like Jaipur, Kolkata, Patna , Cochin, Kozhikode, Thiruvananthapuram and PSK Ambala, would work this weekend.As always, the applicants would not have to seek an online appointment, but would be eligible to visit the passport officer after filling up the application form online. The applicant should carry self-attested copies of each of the required documents and carry the original documents for verification. A statement by the MEA said, \"Applications for all passport related services other than Tatkaal and PCC will be accepted during Passport Mela.\"The MEA also put out an appeal for applicants to wait for their turn in queues. \"The government officials after satisfying themselves will accept applications with a self-attested copy of each of the required documents along with requisite fees and recent colour photograph with white background of the 'size 4.5 cm x 3.5 cm'.\"Applicants, the MEA said, would be issued a manual fee receipt and allocated a 'file number' based on which applicant will be able to track status of the application on the website. The manually issued 'file number' will also be written on the form based on which data entry will be done subsequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14701178", "title": "Drinking water crisis in Mysore: Incomplete work comes to the fore", "text": "MYSORE: Some of the works taken up to mitigate drinking water crisis in rural Mysore in summer have not been completed. The officials have missed the deadline even though district minister S A Ramdas had directed them to focus on drinking water in the wake of drought-like situation.The matter surfaced on Thursday when the minister reviewed drought-relief measures with DC P S Vastrad, who is the in charge CEO of the ZP. During the meeting, it was revealed that major part of the drinking water project -- that supplies water to 56 villages in Nanjangud taluk's Dodda Kalande hobli, which is parched - has not been completed.Ramdas took objection to this, but spared the officials, saying the works should be completed soon. \"I had directed the officials to complete the works by May-end. But works in Nanjangud taluk are still pending,\" he stated. CM D V Sadananda Gowda had taken a serious note of this when he held a review meeting in early May. He had asked district nodal secretary Amita Prasad to fix it. But still, the works have not been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702877", "title": "TT abused me, snatched my cellphone, ATM card, alleges Mumbai local commuter", "text": "MUMBAI: Unable to produce a valid ticket, a 21-year-old commuter claimed that he was verbally abused and stripped off his belongings by a ticket checker on Wednesday. Sanket Matal, the complainant, works in a diamond firm and was waiting at Kandivli station when the incident took place. The Western Railway has ordered a probe.Matal, a resident of Virar, said, \"I board the 6.12pm train from Kandivli every day. On Wednesday, I was rushing to catch the train, when a ticket checker stopped me. As I took out the ticket, I realized that my season had expired a day earlier. The TC asked me to pay a fine of Rs 265, but I didn't have so much.\"The TC then allegedly grabbed Matal by his collar and started abusing him. \"He snatched my cellphone, identity-card and ATM card. I pleaded with him to allow me to dial my friend, who works in Lower Parel and could arrange for the fine amount. But the TC wouldn't relent,\" Matal claimed.Matal was taken to a room. \"A woman had come to pay a fine for her daughter and she let me to make a call from her handset. After my friend came and paid the fine, we were issued the receipt and could leave by 10pm. I also gave a written complaint at the station master's office,\" Matal said. But when he approached the GRP on Thursday, they did not lodge a complaint. A WR spokesperson said a probe has been ordered. WR sources said Matal's complaint mentioned only the TC's harsh conduct but not about any belongings being taken away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14700111", "title": "Thanks to caterpillars, people return to cultivating lands", "text": "KOCHI: Where the government and the department of agriculture failed, the caterpillars and leeches have succeeded. And standing testimony to fact are the people of Edathala panchayat in Ernakulam district, who have gone back to cultivation after forsaking their paddy fields 10 years ago, prompted by an invasion of pests.The menace came to haunt the residents of Ambedkar Colony in Edathala after they parted ways with agriculture like many others in the state and left about eight acres of paddy field to nature.A move that turned into a nightmare as leeches and caterpillars made it their home, reproducing by the legion over 10 years and claiming surrounding areas for their habitat.The creepy crawlies, which invaded houses and other establishments in the area, became a little too much for the people, forcing a rethink. The authorities and the public put their heads together to find a permanent solution to the menace. \"We found that the only way to stop these caterpillars was by cultivating the abandoned paddy fields. So, we decided to restart farming in around 60 acres of paddy fields in the panchayat,\" said Sulukha Beevi, a member of the Edathala Grama Panchayat.The panchayat authorities also decided to offer financial support for those who are ready to go back to farming. \"We will give all support, including supply of seed, manure and other stuff required for farming. Besides, we will help them to avail subsidies offered by the government,\" Sulekha Beevi said. The district administration has made arrangements to till eight acres of paddy field that's breeding the menace.The locals, meanwhile, have renewed their interest in cultivating land. \"Only a small percentage of land is with the locals. The remaining land is owned by those associated with the real estate,'' said P K M Rasheed, a resident of Edathala, who wanted authorities to take over fallow land. \"In panchayats such as Karumaloor, the authorities have issued an order asking residents not to leave their land uncultivated. If they do so, the panchayat has threatened to take over the land. They are planning to constitute a committee with people interested in farming and entrust them with the project. The same should be implemented here also,\" Rasheed said.While such radical measures may not find many takers, nearby panchayats may soon replicate the effort, giving a boost to agriculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14700099", "title": "Reds losing ground in seven districts", "text": "BOKARO: Banned outfit CPI (Maoist) is losing its base in North Chottanagpur zone of Jharkhand, comprising seven districts of Dhanbad, Bokaro, Koderma, Giridih, Chatra, Hazaribagh and Ramgarh, said IG of North Chottanagpur zone, M L Meena on Thursday.The place is no more a Maoist stronghold as police have arrested large number of naxalites from this area in the last few months. The outfit is facing dearth of cadres with no newcomers joining it. Besides, frequent raids to curb illegal coal mining and transportation activities has badly hit their revenue earnings.However Meena said that there is a chance of Maoists triggering violent incidents in coming days as they are trying to register their presence among people in a big way. The police have been put on alert for combat. \"Maoist menace in the area has decreased. The cadres could be hiding in remote areas where penetration of police forces is less,\" he said.Meena said that the Maoists at present have confined their presence and movement to Jhumra and Upperghat in Bokaro, Peertand, Parasnath and Tundi belt in Giridih and Dhanbad beside Gaya-Palamu border areas in Chatra. However the police forces are frequently raiding these areas to keep a tab on the developments.He said that the arrest of dreaded naxal commander Navin Manjhi recently is a big achievement for the police force. The Maoists who get arrested and are sent to jail once usually don't get back to the jungles as they it involves life risk for them.Meanwhile, the villagers are also resisting red outfits in these areas. There has been no new recruitment in the red outfits recently. This is also a reason for decrease in number of naxalites here.Meena said that operations against coal smugglers in naxalite-prone areas of the district have badly hit the revenue generation points for the outfits and weakened their roots. It is learnt that Maoists have usually dominated mining belts. They support illegal mining and transportation and collect huge levy from smugglers.\"Impeding illegal coal mining and transportation in the area has given a major setback to the Maoists. Maoists losing ground in Upperghat is a standing example in this case as police have almost stop illegal mining activities in this area,\" said Meena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14700120", "title": "New train timing irks Collem-Vasco commuters", "text": "MARGAO: Tense moments prevailed at the Margao railway station early Thursday morning after irate passengers on the Collem-Vasco train confronted the station officials over the \"inordinate\" delay caused by the local train in reaching the station. They also protested against the changes made in the arrival and departure timings of the local trains by the South Western Railway (SWR).SWR has effected some changes in the time table with respect to the movement of the local trains on the route since July 2. Sources said that the Collem-Vasco train that used to depart from Collem at around 6.30am now leaves the station at 6.40am. The train thus arrives at Vasco at 8.45am instead of the earlier timing of 8.20am. The passengers pointed out the new timings are inconvenientspecially to those who are office-goers.What particularly irked the passengers on Wednesday was the fact that the local train had to make a halt some distance away from the Margao railway station, as express trains had to be accommodated on the platforms. The passengers demanded an explanation from the railway authorities and have now decided to write to the SWR demanding that the changes in train timings be reverted.Railway officials at the Margao railway station informed that the Collem-Vasco train reached the Margao railway station a bit late as it was delayed at the Chandor railway station after one of the passengers pulled the emergency train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14710353", "title": "Hawala racket suspects go underground", "text": "LUDHIANA: All the suspects in an alleged multi-crore hawala and excess duty draw back racket busted here by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) have gone underground to avoid investigations and possible arrests.The suspects include Mukesh alias Sonu Singhania, a yarn broker, Rajesh Dhandh of Century Knitwear and Pinki Jairath, according to sources in the DRI.Mukesh had appeared before the officials of the DRI along with his advocate here only three days ago. The suspects are not available on their phone or in their office.The DRI detected the racket in March while following a scam by a Ludhiana-based exporter who had allegedly fraudulently used inflated bills to misuse a duty drawback scheme run by the Union Finance Ministry and gained incentives worth Rs 60 crore.It seized bill books and several other incriminating documents leading to Hawala disclosure to the tune of hundreds of crores of rupees. Following which, notices were issued to five persons.It was in reply to this notice that Mukesh had appeared before the DRI, the sources said.Mukesh is alleged to have been involved in the issuing of fake bills of huge amounts to garment exporters.These exporters used to inflate their export bills to get back duty on free yarn as an incentive (Duty draw back).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14699126", "title": "God particle: Kolkata scientists sat on secret for a month", "text": "KOLKATA: At least 14 scientists from the city knew about the possible discovery of the 'God particle' more than a month before it was officially announced by CERN director general Rolf-Dieter Heuer on Wednesday. Sworn by their allegiance to the scientific community, they kept it a closely guarded secret, discussing the discovery in whispers but reserving the euphoria till the official announcement.\"It was over a month ago that we knew the moment of truth had arrived. The search for the elusive subatomic particle that had mystified scientists for nearly half a century and led to the creation of the largest scientific laboratory was finally over. Yet, the wait continued. In many ways, it was more agonizing than when the search was on. But that is how it is in science. Unless one is absoutely certain, a premature disclosure may prove disastrous,\" said Satyaki Bhattacharya, one of the scientists at Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics (SINP) who has been involved in the CERN experiment.The others privy to the to secret that had kept the world waiting with bated breath were team leader Sunanda Banerjee, scientists Subir Sarkar, Suchandra Datta and Manoj Sharan and students Swagata Mukehrjee, Debarati Roy, Kalyanmoy Chatterjee, Debasis Saha, Atanu Modok, Bhawna Bamber, Sandhya Jain, Shilpi Jain and Raman Khurana \u2014 all members of the CMS group that worked on the CERN project.The team did get the first hint of the discovery on December 13, 2011. That afternoon, Fabiola Gianotti, in charge of one of the four detectors at LHC, remarked: \"Atlas and CMS have presented an important milestone in their search for the Higgs particle, but it is not yet sufficient for a proper discovery. Still, I am very excited about it, since the quality of the results is exceptional... we are about half-way there, but it is unfortunately not a Christmas present this year.\"After that initial statement, scientists at CERN became tight-lipped. \"Once the search got narrowed down to a specific region, things got extremely cautious. There was no way you could go out to the world and make a statement unless you were absolutely certain,\" he saidSarkar conceded knowing well in advance what the world got to know only on Wednesday. They kept quiet because there was always the chance of technical error.Only a few months ago, another group had suffered a major embarrassment when their claim to have found neutrinos that travelled faster than the speed of light turned out to be false. When CERN scientists began to see the signature of the elusive Higgsboson with increasing regularity, they became even more cautious on how and when to disclose it to the world.\"It is about two hypothesis \u2014 one believes in the existence of Higgsboson and the other doesn't. When results from the experiment show that there is only a very rare possibility \u2014 say one in a million \u2014 of a Higgs particle not being there and a very high possibility of its existence that one can come out with a statement. But even then, one waits to draft the discovery plot. After all, it is like finding a hay-coloured needle in a 1,000 haystacks,\" Sarkar said.The announcement was made cautiously on Wednesday: \"We have now found the missing cornerstone of particle physics.\" Though there was jubilation all around, Datta did not feel as thrilled as she had expected. \"I guess, when you are in the know for so long, it seeps into the psyche and you accept it as a fact of life. As scientists, we move on to new challenges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14702510", "title": "A grand little museum at Barjinder Grewal\u2019s home", "text": "LUDHIANA: A sword from the 19th century hanging along the staircase at Barjinder Grewal's house in Panch Sheel Vihar in the city explains why someone possessing it would fall in love with the articles of the era it belongs to. This 44-year-old farmer from the city has been collecting the rich cultural heritage of Punjab for six years now. He started with the scintillating sword when a friend of his was about to discard it as waste but ended up selling it to Grewal.Grewal's house is a little museum in its own way with articles from the previous centuries presenting an amazing trip of time. From a 250-year-old bull-shaped pot (Nandi) used to pour milk on Lord Shiva to 150-year-old brass and copper utensils, there are various things in his house which will hold you to tell a story of an age that you have only heard of.\"The metal carving on a particular article tells the era it belongs to,\" says Grewal, as he points out the detail on the \"Nandi\" made of metal alloy. \"Milk was poured in this pot, which came out of Nandi's mouth, to be poured on to a \"Shivling\" in temples. I got it from a relative of mine,\" says Grewal.He says another senior collector of antiques, M P Singh, who worked with the archaeological department himself, told him the sword belongs to 1830s. The utensils Grewal has collected so far include a copper jug, eight brass jugs of different shapes and sizes, seven hukkas (smoking pot-pipes), coal chamber pots (surme dani), a sleek flower pot, silver and brass spoons used for different purposes and an ink pot from the British era.\"We do not use these things as it would cause wear and tear and destroy their beauty. Many villagers are not aware of the historical value of such articles and utensils and give it for recycle or exchange it with steel,\" says Grewal.His Punjabi heritage stays alive at Grewal's house in brass \"channa\" (big severing bowls) which was used by his ancestors 100 years ago.Two of Grewal's favourite jugs decorate his drawing room while most other articles are properly preserved and not exposed to air. \"Even my wife Karamjeet Kaur helps me collect these antiques now. She has added two beautiful brass 'charkhas' to my collection,\" he says smiling.Grewal also has a collection of weighing blocks of the \"ser\" measuring scale which is kept at his farm in Raikot. His 16-year-old son Ashwinder Singh says he is grateful to his father's interest in antiques as it lets him know a lot about Punjabi culture and heritage. \"Every friend who visits my house is awestruck at the sight of the sword and other articles. I personally like the knife my father got from Jaipur. It has silver carving on it,\" adds Ashwinder. Karamjeet says she loves the two kohl chamber pots (surme dani) from his husband's prized collection.\"One is a 150-year-old fish-shaped pot from ancestors and another brass pot with a royal feel to it,\" she adds.Another cultural heritage with Grewal is a \"bagh\", which is a entirely jute embroidered dupatta, from his ancestors again. Grewal has eight such dupattas that nobody has ever used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14700261", "title": "New phase of development to begin at Ernakulam general hospital", "text": "KOCHI: Aiming to provide better treatment facilities for patients from the lower strata of society, the second phase of Ernakulam General Hospital's development work will begin on July 8.The latest stage of development will include the construction of a new OP block using the local development fund of minister K V Thomas, a canteen which will be constructed with the MLA funds of Hibi Eden and Ludy Louis, a walkway, and a safe injection centre of excellence. A sewage treatment plant will also be constructed with the assistance of the Kerala State Pollution Control Board.Health minister V S Shivakumar will be the chief guest at the function to be held at the hospital. Ministers K V Thomas, K Babu and V K Ibrahim Kunju, MLAs Hibi Eden and Ludy Louis, district collector Sheikh Pareeth, Mayor Tony Chammany and Dr Junaid will also be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698193", "title": "Brothers arrested for \u2018honour\u2019 killing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six days after a teacher was killed by her mother in the name of family honour, a 21-year-old man was allegedly stabbed to death by the brothers of his wife on Thursday morning in northwest Delhi as he belonged to a so-called lower caste. Both have been arrested.Ranvir Singh, who was undergoing the junior basic training for teachers, and Jyoti (19) had met in a school at Mangolpuri four years ago and fell in love. Coming from different castes, they knew that their families would not agree to their marriage, a relative said. Ranvir's family eventually accepted the relationship and began to receive threats form Jyoti's family from early 2012.Despite the threats, Ranvir and Jyoti got married in a temple on April 17. \"When Jyoti's family came to know about the marriage, they were outraged as it was against their family's honour,\" the relative said.The couple had gone into hiding and Ranvir's father, Suresh Singh, lodged a missing person report on April 20. \"We also filed a writ petition in the high court. On April 30, Jyoti's parents agreed in HC to have a wedding ceremony and not pose any threat to them.\"Jyoti then returned to her parents' home as they proposed to hold the ceremony within a week. Police said her brothers had confessed that they were angry with their parents for accepting the relationship as their relatives and neighbours taunted them.Around 1.30am on Thursday, Ranvir had gone to meet Jyoti near her house and was with her till 4am. His relatives and police claimed as Jyoti's brothers got to know it, her family called up Ranvir in the morning, asking him to take Jyoti away with him. \"Jyoti's brothers came to our house around 8.40am and asked Ranvir to come with them to their house,\" said his sister Kavita.As Ranvir left home with them, Kavita followed them, police said. \"When she reached near the mosque, she spotted Gaurav (22) having held her brother while Rahul (18) stabbing him in the stomach. She raised an alarm, but the accused fled,\" said B S Jaiswal, DCP (outer), said. Ranvir was stabbed at least seven times, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14674360", "title": "Sonakshi Sinha will wear what her fans like", "text": "The actress is confused between two looks for her next song number and wants her fans to decide the right look.Sonakshi Sinha is gearing up for a festive Gokulashtami song, ' Go Govinda ' for Akshay's production, OMG Oh My God . Ace -choreographer and now director, Prabhudeva will not only be choreographing the song but also matching steps with the Rowdy actress.To give her new look to Sonakshi for her sizzling item number: click hereSince the song is a festive one and will test her dancing prowess, Sonakshi wants to ensure she gets her look right.So determined is the actress that she has taken the onus upon herself and put her degree in fashion designing to use and sketched the look. To ease her stress, the producers roped in renowned designer Ashley Rebello, who also happens to be Salman's personal designer, to help her decide the perfect look.But the problem doesn't end yet for Sona as Ashley's design has added to her woes. So the confused actress is seeking for a solution through social networking. She has put up the two designs pictures on her profiles. The look that gets more likes will be finally used in the film.Also check out: OMG - Sonakshi Contest", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14697260", "title": "Child abandonment cases: National Crime Records Bureau figures distant from reality", "text": "INDORE: Are the annual reports far from real representation of facts? Are the figures mentioned in them valid and trustworthy, or just a jugglery of numbers? The recently-released National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) 2011 report gives a clean chit to the city, with not even a single case of child abandonment case attached to its name. But the real figures portray that all is not hunky-dory.At least 12 child abandonment cases were reported at Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital alone in the year 2011, which involved eight male children and four females. The state-run MYH also maintains a list of the abandoned children.VS Bhatia, Superintendent of MYH said, \"We admit abandoned children who are in dire need of health care. After primary medication, we send them to government and private child care centres. We had received 12 such cases in 2011 and 11 cases have been reported till date in the current calendar year.\"Exposure and abandonment is a cognizable offence in the country and guilty is punishable under section 317 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) and Madhya Pradesh has significant number of cases being reported in the NCRB report. Out of total 700 child abandonment cases in the country, 89 cases were from the state which held fourth rank in the category. However, according to the NCRB report, three major cities of state including Indore, Bhopal and Jabalpur did not receive even a single case of child abandonment whereas 19 cases were reported from Gwalior.Activists working to reach out to marginalized children in need of care and protection believe that the figures do not portray the real picture.Deepesh Choukse, co-ordinator at Childline said, \"It is impossible to have zero figure in child abandonment cases. We have come across several such cases in the city. The children are referred to different child care centres from various hospitals across the state.\"\"NCRB report would have probably missed the figure as not all cases are reported at the police stations,\" he added. According to Rajkiya Bal Sanrakshan Ashram, a city-based government-run child care centre, a large number of abandonment cases were reported last year from city and its nearby areas.Amita Mishra, co-ordinator of the centre told TOI, \"In 2011, 34 abandoned children were admitted in the ashram which included 16 girls. Those children were either found abandoned in city, or were referred from MYH.\"On Tuesday, a newborn boy baby was found abandoned near Hinkar Giri area, and was brought to MY hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14697644", "title": "Medicare on wheels for poor moves uninterrupted", "text": "INDORE: Nandibai, 85, had lost hopes of getting medical care, until she saw the mobile medicare unit (MMU) van from HelpAge India, an NGO, at her door step. She was suffering from high blood pressure and severe arthritis , but medication was out of bound for her family and her health condition was deteriorating. The MMU van provided her with free medical check-ups and medicines. Now, Nandibai gets her free medicines from the MMU van, which visits MOG Lines every Wednesday.The octogenarian woman is not the only senior citizen, who get the medical benefits from the voluntary organisation's mobile medicare facility, there are hundreds of others get its healing touch. The MMU van has been roaming in the city rendering medical services to the aged and needy for past 12 years.\"We have been reaching out to the elderly citizens below the poverty line, who cannot afford the medicines. Besides providing them free medications, we go door-to-door and inform the elderly about their rights. We give them guidelines regarding health care, as we believe that prevention is better than cure\" says the social protection officer at HelpAge India, Dr Vaishali Chaturvedi.\"We work in the slums and in areas, where people can't fend for their medical needs. Our focus is on the old people whose families can't even fulfill their basic medical requirements. We are trying to cover almost all the slums in Indore and treat around 25,000 aging patients per year\" says Dr Sanskriti Gaur, director, HelpAge India, MP zone.\"I am getting the services of HelpAge India for the past 7-8 years. I am a diabetic patient and one of my relatives told me about the services of the MMU van that comes to our area every week. There are many others like me who get its benefit,\" says Gulab Singh, a septuagenarian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "never quite get round to finishing that book you have been meaning to? still putting off cracking open the dickens biography you got for christmas ? recalcitrant readers take note", "code": "14703553", "title": "A book that destructs itself in 60 days", "text": "Never quite get round to finishing that book you have been meaning to? Still putting off cracking open the Dickens biography you got for Christmas ? Recalcitrant readers take note: a publisher in Buenos Aires has created a book written in disappearing ink.El Libro que No Puede Esperar (The Book That Can't Wait) comes in a sealed package and as soon as you start to turn its pages, the ink begins to age... and fade. Readers have less than two months to tackle the tome before the text toddles off into the ether.While it might sound as though it was created by a sadistic speed-reader who wanted to torment rather slower bookworms, it's actually a bid to boost excitement about real, rather than digital, books.It'll be be a real cliffhanger if you don't finish it in time.THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "the punjabi don in bollywood, mika singh's new song 'kudi pataka driver' is out now in bollywood movie 'challo driver'. the song is also featuring hard kaur, the punjabi rap star. 'challo driver' starcast includes vickrant mahajan, kainaz motivala, prem chopra, manoj pahwa and more. the movie is directed by vickrant mahajan, who is playing the lead actor role in the movie. the song is titled 'kudi pataka driver' and muisc director is gaurav dayal and sajjad ali chandwani. lyrics for the song are written by vickrant mahajan and t -series is the music label. source", "code": "14709707", "title": "Mika Singh's song features Hard Kaur", "text": "The Punjabi don in Bollywood, Mika Singh's new song 'Kudi Pataka Driver' is out now in Bollywood movie 'Challo Driver'. The song is also featuring Hard Kaur, the Punjabi rap star. 'Challo Driver' starcast includes Vickrant Mahajan, Kainaz Motivala, Prem Chopra, Manoj Pahwa and more. The movie is directed by Vickrant Mahajan, who is playing the lead actor role in the movie. The song is titled 'Kudi Pataka Driver' and muisc director is Gaurav Dayal and Sajjad Ali Chandwani. Lyrics for the song are written by Vickrant Mahajan and T -series is the music label. Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai/ srinagar", "code": "14698097", "title": "Laila Khan &amp; kin shot dead, says key suspect Tak", "text": "MUMBAI/ SRINAGAR: Bringing to an end the 15-month mysterious disappearance of Bollywood starlet Laila Khan and her family, main accused Parvez Iqbal Tak has confessed to the Jammu and Kashmir police that Laila and her family were shot dead by hired killers in February last year. Laila, along with her mother, three siblings and a relative went missing from their Oshiwara flat in February 2011.\"During the interrogation, Tak told us that Laila and her family were taken to a forest, around 120 km from Mumbai, and killed somewhere in February last year. They were also buried there,\" J&K; deputy inspector general of police Gareeb Das told TOI.Das said several \"characters\" were involved in the murder. \"We are verifying several things and doing our probe. Tak has to be booked for murder,\" he said. But Das said they would not come to any conclusion before they find the bodies as Tak, a suspected LeT militant, has been trying to mislead them by claiming that Laila and her family were in Dubai .He said they have not been able to establish the motive behind the killing but Mumbai police sources said Tak and his accomplices would have murdered Laila and her family for their property. Laila and her mother both own flats at Oshiwara and Mira Road, respectively, while Laila also has a bungalow at Igatpuri in Nashik district. Sources said when Laila and her family disappeared they were carrying cash and valuables worth Rs 2 crore with them.Tak was arrested by the J&K; police on June 21 this year from Kishtwar and is currently in their custody. On Thursday, he was remanded to seven more days in police custody after the Mumbai police could not produce complete documents for taking custody of Tak. The Mumbai crime branch on Wednesday had filed a fresh case of kidnapping against Tak and a team was already present in Kishtwar assisting their J&K; counterparts in Tak's interrogation.Laila, her mother Saleena Patel, sister Azmina Patel, twin siblings Zara and Imran and a relative Reshma Khan, accompanied by Parvez Tak and his partner Asif Shaikh, left Mumbai together in their Mitsubishi Outlander vehicle in February last year and mobile phone records of the starlet showed her last location as Nashik. Both Tak and Shaik were allegedly married to Laila's mother Saleena.In December, the J&K; police seized the vehicle from Kishtwar, where it was parked in a rented shop taken by Tak. The vehicle that was registered in Saleena's name was used for ferrying explosives used in Delhi high court blasts. Tak, who is a local forest contractor, was absconding after the vehicle was seized till his arrest.The Mumbai police that had started investigations into Laila's disappearance after her father Nadir Patel lodged a missing person's complaint at Oshiwara police station also found that Laila had some questionable connections. Sources said Laila was allegedly married to Bangladesh-based terrorist Munir Khan.Laila, whose original name is Reshma Patel, was last seen in a movie Wafa, with Rajesh Khanna that was released in 2008.(With inputs from M Saleem Pandit)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14702431", "title": "Pak plays old song: Give proof, will act", "text": "NEW DELHI: India did not give any dossier or documents on 26/11 handler Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal to Pakistan during the foreign secretary talks. But foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai read out some of the revelations made by Jundal during his interrogations in India. Almost all of them point to the blessings of Pakistani \"state actors\" on the terror project of 26/11.While this was officially not accepted by Pakistani foreign secretary Jalil Jilani and his delegation, Islamabad offered to take up the investigation if India provided information or evidence. Pakistan has repeated this stand after the 26/11 attacks. So far, Indian officials say they have given more than 11 dossiers to Pakistan.India not only did not give any documents to Pakistan, officially it has not even shared copies of the Pakistani passport and ID given to Jundal that government officials circulated among journalists on Tuesday. Home minister P Chidambaram had said a few days ago that India did not intend to share details of Jundal's interrogation with Pakistan just yet. That remained the stated position, even though the Jundal issue and terrorism dominated the foreign secretary talks for the past couple of days.The joint statement issued at the end of the talks referred to it, saying, \"Both countries recognize that terrorism poses a continuing threat to peace and security. They reaffirmed the strong commitment of the two countries to fight and eliminate terrorism in an effective and comprehensive manner so as to eliminate the scourge in all its forms and manifestations.\"However, Indian sources said, progress with Pakistan will have to depend on what they can achieve against terrorism. Despite Pakistan's repeated protestations, they have not taken any step against the terror suspects currently in their jails. Jundal's deportation from Saudi Arabia has only strengthened Indian belief that the \"deep state\" in Pakistan continues to flirt with terrorism to be used against India. This is also why there has been little or no progress on issues like Sir Creek or even on a prime ministerial visit to Pakistan. There will be no political give for a PM visit without significant progress on terrorism by Pakistan.Indian officials asked Pakistan to release Sarabjit Singh, but this, many acknowledged, might be difficult. Sarabjit was recently in the news because of a mix-up by the media when another Indian prisoner, Surjeet Singh, was released by Pakistan.Notwithstanding these obvious hurdles, both India and Pakistan appear keen to keep up the engagement, particularly at a high political level. Pakistan was also insistent on locking in dates for foreign minister S M Krishna's forthcoming visit to Pakistan for the foreign ministers' review. The joint statement says the meeting will be held in September, even though the exact date is still to be worked out. Krishna, speaking to journalists recently, had said he had postponed his visit because the date would clash with the July 19 presidential poll.Instead on July 19, Yash Sinha, who heads the Pakistan division in MEA, will lead an Indian delegation to Pakistan to discuss cross-LOC CBMs, However, even nuclear CBMs are hard to pin down. The joint statement made an anodyne reference to this: \"It was decided that separate meetings of the Expert Level Groups on Nuclear and Conventional CBMs will be held to discuss implementation and strengthening of the existing CBMs and suggest additional mutually acceptable steps that could build greater trust and confidence between the two countries.\"A visa agreement, like a deal on Sir Creek, is ready and waiting between the two sides. Pakistan stepped back at the last minute from signing the agreement, when the home secretaries met in April. Reports say Pakistan is holding out for a visit from Chidambaram. That is unlikely to happen in the prevailing environment, which means the deal will go into cold storage for some time.Indians will watch for the implementation of the trade and business roadmap, said sources. Pakistan has committed to giving MFN status to India by year-end. However, India has not yet given permission to Pakistan's Habib Bank from setting up office here. This might make it more difficult for Pakistan companies to invest in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14699919", "title": "SC writ: Panchayats can question govt in HC", "text": "PANAJI: In a recent significant judgment, the Supreme Court has held that the state's panchayats have the right to challenge government authority decisions before the high court, as the grassroots-level bodies represent the will of the people.The apex court verdict thus overruled the high court of Bombay at Goa's judgment which had declined relief to the Calangute panchayat.The panchayat had questioned before the high court an order of the additional director of panchyats. The government authority had favoured a hotel company allegedly involved in the illegal construction of a wall blocking public access to a well and a chapel.In August 2010, the high court ordered that the panchayat cannot be allowed to challenge the decision of the additional director of panchayats as it would certainly amount to insubordination and subversion of administrative discipline.In 2009, the Calangute panchayat had issued notices to Kay Jay Constructions Company Pvt Ltd and had directed it to stop further construction of the wall.Local residents had complained against the illegal construction and the panchyat had passed separate resolutions for revocation of occupancy certificate and permission.In February 2010, the additional director of panchayats directed the Calangute panchyat to reconsider the application made by the company for grant of permission to use the property for running a guesthouse. The panchyat's petition challenging the additional director's order was subsequently rejected by the high court. The panchayat then filed an appeal before the Supreme Court in 2011.During the hearing in the Supreme Court, senior counsel Shyam Divan appearing for the panchayat argued that the illegal construction has the effect of preventing the public from having access to the well and the chapel.He further stated that the appellant being a representative body of the people of the village, it had the right to question the orders passed by the additional director of panchayats and the block development officer .\"It is thus evident that while the appellant and the sarpanch had exercised their respective powers in public interest, respondent No. 1 (additional director of panchayats) nullified that exercise because he felt that the resolution/action was contrary to law and was unjustified,\" a division bench of Justices G S Singhvi and Sudhansu Jyoti Mukhopadhaya observed.The bench stated that it is reasonable to infer that the additional director of panchayats had exercised powers under Section 178 (1) of the Goa Panchayat Raj Act, 1994.But instead of suspending the execution of the resolutions passed by the appellant or the notice issued by the sarpanch and sending the matter to the state government for confirmation, the officer concerned suo motu-annulled the resolutions and the notice by assuming that he had the power to do so, the Supreme Court observed.It further held that while exercising the power under the Goa Panchayat Raj Act, 1994, the panchayat was not acting as a subordinate to the additional director of panchayats but as a body representing the will of the people and also a body corporate in terms of Section 8 of the Act.Therefore, it had the locus to challenge the orders passed by additional director of panchayats and the high court was clearly in error in holding that the writ petition filed by the panchayat was not maintainable, the court said.The Supreme Court has directed the high court to decide the writ petitions on merits and has allowed the panchayat to file an application to apply for interim relief before the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14698514", "title": "Graduate thief lands in jail", "text": "BANGALORE: Bhaskarachari alias Babu, 37, of Basaveshwaranagar claimed he was a white collar employee of a prestigious company. With a bag over his shoulder, he left home around 9am every day and returned before dusk.But his carefully cultivated image of a 9-to-5 job was a front for a lucrative career in burglary since 2006. A lone ranger, this commerce graduate specialized in breaking into locked houses. By the time he was arrested, Bhaskarachari hoarded 4kg of gold jewellery worth over Rs 1 crore and 0.5kg of silver articles. Police identified 54 house break-ins and theft cases he was involved in.With a wife and 6-year-old son, the immaculately dressed Bhaskarachari was quite the successful corporate employee. His wife had no idea of her husband's crimes, police said.Mico Layout assistant commissioner of police D Rachappa told TOI: \"He'd scout for houses whose residents would be at work through the day. Always dressed elegantly, he'd enter the locked houses by breaking open the front-door lock without arousing the suspicion of passersby. After stripping the house clean of valuables, he'd stuff the stolen articles into his shoulder bag and walk out.\"Bhaskarachari committed only 10 thefts at night in six years. Shunning any partners in crime, he successfully avoided falling into the police dragnet. Witness accounts of several break-ins helped police draw a sketch which led them to Bhaskarachari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14697515", "title": "Abusive newspaper ad by wife wins man a divorce", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court termed an advertisement inserted in a newspaper by an estranged wife accusing her husband of being a womanizer and drunkard as an act inflicting extreme mental cruelty on him and granted him divorce to end the 33-year-old marriage which had gone sour for the last 16 years.Shocked by the woman's conduct in inflicting trauma on the husband and tarnishing his reputation, a bench of Justices Deepak Verma and Dipak Misra said it was a fit case for grant of divorce for causing mental cruelty and reversed two concurrent judgments of Bombay high court which had refused the husband's plea for permanent separation on the ground that his marriage had broken down irrevocably.Terming the wife's explanation that the advertisement was to protect the interests of the children as \"incredible and implausible\", the bench said, \"It can decidedly be said that it was mala fide and the motive was to demolish the reputation of the husband in society by naming him as a womanizer, drunkard and a man of bad habits.\"The HC judgments had said that only the Supreme Court could grant divorce under \"irrevocable breakdown of marriage\" under Article 142 of the Constitution. When the husband, Vishwanath Agrawal, approached the court for relief, the bench examined every charge and counter-charge and came to the conclusion that it was a case of extreme mental cruelty for a long period capped by the offensive public advertisement.Authoring the 41-page judgment, Justice Misra said, \"The husband comes from a respectable family engaged in business. At the time of publication of the notice, the sons were quite grown up. The wife did not bother to think what impact it would have on the reputation of the husband and what mental discomfort it would cause.\"It is manifest from the material on record that the children were staying with the father. They were studying in school and the father was taking care of everything. Such a publication in the newspaper having good circulation can cause trauma, agony and anguish in the mind of any reasonable man.\"The court said such a \"stinging and pungent\" advertisement was clearly intended to humiliate the husband and cause mental cruelty and also noted that though the wife had lodged other criminal cases against the husband, she had failed to prove the charges.\"The feeling of deep anguish, disappointment, agony and frustration of the husband is obvious. It can be said with certainty that the cumulative effect of the evidence brought on record clearly establish a sustained attitude of causing humiliation and calculated torture on the part of the wife to make the life of the husband miserable,\" the bench said.It added that reputation of a person was the most cherished treasure of life and felt that the conduct of the wife and her actions must have made the husband's \"brain and bones to feel the chill of humiliation\".\"It is abundantly clear that with this mental pain, agony and suffering, the husband cannot be asked to put up with the conduct of the wife and to continue to live with her. Therefore, he is entitled to a decree for divorce,\" the court said while fixing the permanent alimony for the wife at Rs 50 lakh to be paid in four months by the husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14703051", "title": "Congress misses Lingayat bus", "text": "BANGALORE: Though a change of guard appears imminent in the ruling BJP, the opposition Congress is hoping against hope that DV Sadananda Gowda somehow continues in the CM's gaddi. For they know that the BJP strategy to replace Gowda with a Lingayat leader ( Jagadish Shettar) as CM spells trouble for them in the upcoming assembly elections.The Congress, routed in a series of byelections largely because of the JD(S) eating into its vote share, has been making all out efforts to evolve new caste combinations (Lingayat-Kuruba-Dalits and Minorities ) in its favour.A few months ago, the party had launched a 'Mission Lingayats ' campaign and taken a slew of measures: from roping in Congress president Sonia Gandhi to attend a religious function in Siddaganga mutt to appointing MLC SR Patil as opposition leader in the Karnataka legislative council.The sudden focus on the community is no surprise. Lingayats account for 17% of the state's population and could make or mar the fate of candidates in 95 of the 224 constituencies, falling under the Mumbai and Hyderabad-Karnatak regions. Whoever wins more than half these 95 seats can occupy the CM's chamber.A BJP vote bank, the Lingayats were unhappy over the treatment meted out to their leader former CM BS Yeddyurappa. So the Congress perceived it a good time to approach the Lingayats, which is keeping a safe distance.In this course, 18 Lingayat MLAs of the Congress, headed by 80-year-old Shamanur Shivashankarappa, had made a desperate bid for the KPCC chief's post. The party received bad press after party MLA BC Patil attacked KPCC president G Parameshwara, in support of Shamanur.But all these efforts appear wasted with the BJP leadership applying the Lingayat-Kuruba-Gowda (LKG) formula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14707239", "title": "Countrywide CET likely by next 4 years: Kapil Sibal", "text": "KOLKATA: The Common Entrance Test (CET) for admission to engineering and medical colleges is likely to be introduced all over the country by the next four years, Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Thursday said.\"It (Common Entrance Test) will take three to four years for being introduced in all states,\" he said at a media interaction here.Kapil Sibal said that during his talk with West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee during the day he was assured that the state would join CET in 2014.CET, he said, would help reduce multiplicity of examinations and the number of coaching institutions.Kapil Sibal said he has information that the turnover in the coaching institution business was between Rs 15,000 and Rs 20,000 crore.\"This can reduced if a child is tested by an educational institution only on what he has been taught,\" he said.CET is also aimed at wiping out the practise of taking capitation fee by some private institutes as the test results would apply to both government and private colleges, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14701075", "title": "Centre to focus on treating kids with cerebral palsy", "text": "MYSORE: Union minister of state for health and family welfare, Sudip Bandopadhyay, on Thursday highlighted the need to focus on treating children suffering from cerebral palsy .The minister, who visited All-India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH) here, said more attention will be given to treating cerebral palsy. Speaking about the health sector in the country, the minister said the incidence of diseases like diabetes and tuberculosis (TB) are on the rise, and that 43 TB research centres have been opened, while another 57 are needed.National Programme for Prevention &amp; Control of Cancer, Diabetes, Cardiovascular Diseases and Stroke (NPCDCS) has been established in 100 districts under 11th Five Year Plan. Pointing at the increase in the number of diabetic and TB cases in India, he said there are plans to establish many more NPCDCS across the country.The minister was at AIISH for 90 minutes and visited the department of clinical services, academic section, library and information centre, speech-language sciences, speech-language pathology, special education and the department of audiology.MAMATA TO DECIDE ON BACKING PRANAB When Congress is hoping for the support of Trinamool Congress (TMC) to its presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee , the UPA partner is holding its cards close to its chest. The party has not decided whom to vote. \"TMC chairperson Mamata Banerjee will decide on it,\" said Sudip Bandopadhyay, TMC leader. When asked whether the party has taken any decision, he said that the party supermo will decide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699720", "title": "Water cuts in Nashik to continue for some time: Mayor", "text": "NASHIK: Mayor Yatin Wagh, who visited the Gangapur dam on Thursday, said the existing water cut will continue in the city for the time being.Wagh, deputy mayor Satish Kulkarni, commissioner of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) Sanjay Khandare, group leader of the MNS Sujata Dere, MNS corporator Gulzar Kokani and other office-bearers on Thursday visited the Gangapur dam and reviewed the water stock in the dam.Speaking on the occasion, the mayor said, \"We have enough stock of water in Gangapur dam, the main source of water to the city, to last till July-end. Today, the live stock in Gangapur dam is around 300 million cubic feet (mcft). Presently, around 12 mcft water is being released to the city per day. With this average, we have enough live stock to last another month. As there is still not adequate rainfall in the catchment area of the dam, the existing water cut will continue for the time being.\"NMC commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"We have already submitted a letter to the district collector Vilas Patil, informing him about the present water stock in Gangapur dam. We have also asked him not to release rotations of water without discussing with the NMC officials. According to government policy, priority must be given for drinking purposes.\"During the last monsoon, around 3,525 mcft water from Gangapur dam had been reserved for NMC by the irrigation department, and 240 mcft from Darana dam. Between November 2011 and July 2 this year, around 3,194 mcft water has been used from Gangapur dam and 201 mcft water from Darana dam. On July 5, the reservoirs in Gangapur and Darana dams were around 300 mcft and 39 mcft, respectively, an NMC official said.The NMC has already imposed a 15 to 20% water cut in all the six divisions of the city from June 19. Fifteen per cent water cut has been imposed in Cidco and Satpur divisions, while 20 per cent water cut has been imposed in Nashik East, Nashik West, Nashik Road and Panchavati divisions. Water is being supplied once a day in all six divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14701562", "title": "Counselling for MBBS begins", "text": "CHENNAI: Counselling for admissions to MBBS courses to the 18 government medical colleges and self-financing medical colleges affiliated to the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University will begin on Friday.Selection committee secretary R G Sukumar said the counselling will be done as per merit and rule of reservation. Students will have to assemble at the Kilpauk Medical College for counselling as per the timings mentioned on the call letter.The directorate of medical education will conduct the selection for 1,823 seats in 18 government colleges and 829 seats in private medical colleges. On Thursday, counselling was conducted for special category. The selection committee will wrap up counseling before July 15, as per the orders of the Supreme Court, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14697900", "title": "Delayed monsoon set to hit AP crop yields", "text": "HYDERABAD: Although it might be too early to say that Andhra Pradesh is heading for a drought, a delayed monsoon has become a major cause of worry for farmers and the government as crop production is all set to be affected. According to officials, the situation is quite alarming as sowing in the current agricultural season has entered its crucial phase. Monsoon rains were below average last week, fuelling fresh concern over crop output despite assurances from the weatherman.With monsoon playing truant, a rainfall deficit of 22% to 45% has been recorded in Rayalaseema, north Telangana and parts of coastal Andhra where farmers fear it may affect the planting of paddy, pulses, cotton and other crops.The coming two weeks are critical as late sowing could hit farm yields. In some areas, farmers might have to go for a second sowing after the first cycle was hit by deficit rainfall. By now, the state should have had received 127.4mm rainfall whereas it has done no better than 97.1mm. Met officials said that, on July 4, only two places - Visakhapatnam and Vizianagaram - received rain in the state.Showers from June to September are vital for agricultural operations in the state as irrigation covers only 45% of the total farm area. \"A delayed monsoon would certainly affect crop production leading to a poor harvest and high inflationary prices. The drought-like situation does not bode well for the state. But we are hoping for a turnaround,\" a senior agriculture official said. What has aggravated the situation is the steep decline in water levels at all the reservoirs in AP. \"If we don't receive rains by July 15, we are in for a major crisis,\" another official warned.Last year, adequate water in the dams had sustained agriculture through the network of canals even though there were no rains in several parts. This time, water stored in the dams stands at just 276.53tmc as against 506.50tmc last year which amounts to a 45% dip. As of July 4, Rayalaseema has recorded a deficit rainfall of 45% while north Telangana has suffered a shortfall of 35%. Thankfully, north coastal Andhra and south coastal Andhra have received normal rainfall. But Telangana, which was far ahead of the other regions when the monsoon had just arrived, in June, is now reeling under a rainfall deficit.Anantapur, Nellore, Kurnool, Kadapa, Chittoor, Karimnagar, Adilabad, Mahbubnagar and Nalgonda are the worst-affected districts. While Anantapur has recorded a rainfall deficit of 71%, Nellore has received 52% less rain.According to agricultural department officials, rainfall in the preceding week was disappointing. The week starting June 28 recorded a deficit of 66%. The normal rainfall in a week should be 30.9mm whereas AP has only received 19.6mm so far. While the officials are a tad worried, agricultural scientists have started pressing the panic button.\"Not only would there be a crisis of foodgrain, even the scarcity of fodder for cattle would become a real threat were the monsoon to play hide and seek like this,\" warned Jalapathi Rao, former Angrau professor.Between 2000 and 2012, there have been eight rain deficit years. In 2001-02, the deficit was 50% while 2007-08 saw a deficit of 42%. Although the deficit had touched 55% in 2009-10, August rains had made up for the slow start.Last year, the situation was far better as canals enabled compensation of crop loss due to drought in other areas. \"This year, non-availability of water in the reservoirs will further compound our problems,\" pointed out Lakshminarayana, a farmer from Konaseema. Worried farmers here are mulling a 'crop holiday' in case the monsoon does not pick up pace.Sending out a reassurance, agricultural officials said that cotton farmers can wait for two more weeks and groundnut ryots till July-end. But scanty rainfall has ensured that the acreage has come down to 18.32 lakh hectares this kharif from the previous area of 22.13 lakh hectares.\"Due to the prolonged dry spell the seed is yet to germinate. But, the crop will be safe if there is rain in the coming 15 days,\" a senior official said. According to official sources, transplantation of paddy nurseries is going on in the coastal districts. \"But the crops will be in danger if there are no inflows into the reservoirs,\" warned an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14699198", "title": "Government Medical College and Hospital hostels inhospitable, say interns", "text": "NAGPUR: Students and interns at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) have to put up at accommodations only slightly better than shanties. Strewn with filth all over its premises, the hostels are bereft of most of the basic facilities like drinking water, fans, tube lights and mess.Garbage lies littered all across the floors with no sweeper for cleaning the hostel. The drainage system of the lavatories is such that they are rendered useless as they are choking most of the days. The interns who reside in these hostels have pointed out the deficiencies to the concerned authorities, without any improvement in their living conditions.\"We pooled in money and arranged for one cleaner to work in the hostel. However, the workload was a little too much for him and he refused to do the job. With our limited resources, we could only have hired one person so the hostel has remained without a regular cleaner since long,\" said one of the interns.Many of the dormitories in the hostel do not have any furniture. \"It becomes all the more inhabitable as there are very few tube lights in the hostel, and we have to depend on 60 watt bulbs at most places,\" said another hostelite. Even food is not readily available for these young medicos. There is no mess or canteen near the hostel. They have to go to the undergraduate hostels during meal times. \"We have no problem with that. All we want is some of our basic sanitation needs to be taken care of,\" said the students.The condition of the other hostels in the hospital is also equally bad. \"Some of the hostel buildings are in urgent need of repairs. The last time a little touch up was done to a few rooms was in 2007,\" said a source from GMCH.Hostel warden and superintendent of the hospital Dr Arun Humne acknowledged that he knew the difficulties being faced by the interns. \"We have sent a proposal for improving the conditions of the hostels, which is process. The students will have better accommodation facilities once that proposal gets through,\" he said.INSUFFICIENCIESInadequate supply of water in all hostels: Most of the hostels do not have water filters or storage on every floor. Available water filters do not work properlyDrainage collapse: With the drainage system not working properly, the bathrooms and toilets are choked most times and are not in condition to be used.Lack of sanitation: No sweeper in the hostel making the premises filthyClean drinking water not available: Manual water purifiers have been provided to most hostels, which are not adequate to store the required amount of water.Less furniture in dining halls: Even the dining halls in some hostels do not have enough chairsMess facility irregular: Messes attached with some of the hostels are irregular, forcing the students to depend on 'dabbawallahs'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14697777", "title": "Leaving pooch in other\u2019s care fraught with risks", "text": "INDORE: Be chary of the risks involved in leaving your dog in other's care while going away. You may even end up losing your dear pooch. The Chauhan family of Babji Nagar learnt that the hard way. After the return, the family, to its horror, found that the \"custodian\" had reportedly made up his mind to sell two Labradors, including a bitch Ginni and pup Sandy.The canines were recovered from the 'custodian', who was about to sell them for a premium in neighboring Dewas district.During raids, the cops recovered four Labradors and a Boxer. Going by market rates, each Labrador and a boxer fetches at least Rs 25,000 to Rs 30.000.In the past one month, two police complaints have been lodged against the missing pets.The Chauhans had gone out of the city on June 22 handing over their pets to an acquaintance of theirs presuming that the pet were in safe hand. Earlier also, the family had left the dogs in other's care for Rs 125 per day per pet.\"When we left the town, the 'custodian' of pets used to call us everyday to enquire about our return,\" said the owner of the pets, Himanshu Chauhan, who is working with a private firm in the city.When we reached Indore, the custodian called us up to inform that he would come in an hour to return pets. \"But he never turned up,\" he said, adding that he tried him on cellphone several times, but there was no response. Even I told many of my friends and relatives to call him up from different phone numbers, but in vain,\" said Chauhan.He then sent him several messages on his cellphone warning that a police complaint would be filed against him if he continued to behave in the same manner.\"Even then there was no reaction from him,\" he said, adding, \"When I tracked his mobile with the help of a telecom company, I came to know that the person was in Bedgoan in Dewas district. It was at this point, Himanshu had lodged a complaint with the Khajrana police.\"Since Himanshu wanted to catch the accused red-handed, he sought the help of Katafod police in Begaon village. The police closed in on the area on the basis of mobile location.\"What unfolded before us gave us a shock of life,\" he said, adding that apart from his two Labradors, there were three other Labradors and one Boxer.The dogs were rescued from the 'custodian.'Himanshu claimed the accused had struck a deal to sell off the dogs on a premium.\"The custodian was consumed by greed that the pregnant Ginni would fetch extra bucks,\" said Himanshu.Meanwhile, the pug, Bozo, which had gone missing on June 18, is untraceable.\"It seems that our pet has been smuggled out of Indore,\" said Rohit Dixit, the custodian of the pet, adding that they were in constant touch with the breeders in the city to trace Bozo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699010", "title": "UP seeks central funds to boost horticulture in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government has demanded Rs 14,167.45 lakh from the Centre to give much needed boost to the horticulture industry.The industry has been a neglected one for the last few years as the previous government didn't do much for its sake. The incumbent government, however, is committed to the all round development of the horticulture industry.Horticulture minister Rajkishore Singh on Thursday, said that he had a detailed discussion with Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on the centrally-funded schemes being implemented under National Horticulture Mission and expressed hope that the Centre will extend all possible help for horticulture development in the state. The minister also urged the central government to release Rs 70 crore, which has been sanctioned for implementation of NHM schemes in 45 districts of the state in 2012-13, besides, extending the schemes to all the districts of the state.The Centre has assured of a positive response and has directed the officials of the National Horticulture Mission to extend the scheme to all the 75 districts of the state. It has also given in-principle approval for setting up a Centre of Excellence in UP, to keep up with the climatic variations in the state.The state has also demanded Rs 89,192.45 lakh from the Centre for schemes implemented under National Horticulture Mission and National Agriculture Development Programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14699921", "title": "Lions clubs to educate Tamil refugees in Lanka", "text": "COIMBATORE: Lions Clubs International would soon be supporting the Tamil people in the refugee camps of Sri Lanka by providing computer education programmes with the help of members from Lions Club in the neighbouring country.Speaking to reporters N Manoharan, district governor, Lions Clubs International said that the clubs are in discussion with the governments to follow up on the plan.The computers would be provided to members of the Lions Clubs in four to five districts of Sri Lanka, who would educate the masses there.Manoharan also said that the Philonthrophist of the decade and Man of the Masses awards will be conferred upon O Arumugsamy and Dr Aroma Ponnuswamy, respectively. He noted both have been contributing to the upliftment of the society in their own way, which needs to be appreciated.He further announced the clubs plan to conduct mega projects in the district to help the people living in the city and rural areas. The clubs would be spending an amount of Rs1.21crore for various projects in the coming days. Some of these projects include artificial limbs manufacturing facility at Kuppaepalayam at an estimated cost of Rs18lakh, gastro endoscopy machines at government general hospital at a cost of Rs30lakh, renal dialysis unit at a city hospital for the treatment of poor patients at subsidised charges for an overall cost of Rs10lakh, providing 10 sanitary napkins auto dispensing machine for the use of girl students in rural government and municipal school and multipurpose rural community centre at Kuppaepalayam near Annur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14700292", "title": "Varsity ignores governor\u2019s diktat on medical seats\u2019 sale", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Governor and chancellor of NTR University of Health Sciences ESL Narasimhan may be incensed with the sale of seats in private colleges under the management quota at Rs 80 lakh to Rs 1 crore each, but the university bosses are unfazed. In fact, they are advising the government against cracking the whip on the private colleges on the ground that it would derail the admissions process -which is presently on. The health university is the nodal agency managing the functioning of medical colleges in the state.Medical education minister Kondru Muralimohan, was summoned by the governor recently for failing to stop the sale of management seats at astronomical sums. The minister on Thursday discussed the issue with the university authorities and urged them to suggest ways to rein in the private medical colleges.But sources said that university vice-chancellor I V Rao advised the minister to be patient and wait for the next year to act. The chancellor is batting for online system for admissions to private medical colleges to bring in transparency.Sources said the health varsity authorities briefed the minister that private college managements were within their right to sell 40% seats as per a Supreme Court order.\"It might not be prudent to stir a hornet's nest at this juncture. Interfering with the admission process of management quota is not possible,\" said the university public relations officer. Curiously, neither the vice-chancellor nor the registrar tried to meet the governor to explain their compulsion after the latter first made his views open at a cardiologists' meet here last month.Background checks revealed that private managements were offering seats at around Rs 55-60 lakh. This is a little below what it was earlier. Sources said the cut was effected in view of the raging controversy over the sale of management seats. \"Granting of additional seats and new colleges to the state too seems to have paved the way for the cut in rates,\" said sources.Meanwhile, the private medical colleges association representatives met chief minister Kiran Reddy in Hyderabad on Thursday and gave a representation on the costs involved in running the colleges. \"We are paying hefty salaries to the faculty ranging from Rs 2-3 lakh per month per teacher.The pay bill itself costs us around Rs 2 crore per month. It is impossible to run the institutions without collecting donations from students,\" argued a representative. In addition to investing Rs 350-400 crore to provide infrastructure, bearing the recurring costs to the tune of Rs 3-4 crore per month is not an easy task, pointed out a private college owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700721", "title": "Body found from car at Judges Bungalow Road", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The body of a man abandoned in a car was found by local residents near the chief justice's bungalow on Judges Bungalow Road on Thursday morning.Police identified the victim as a driver and have started a search for the assailants. Investigators believe personal enmity is the reason for the killing.According to Vastrapur police, residents of the lane behind the chief justice's bungalow reported that an unclaimed car was parked there from a long time.When people peeped inside, they found a man - lying dead. A team of Vastrapur police then reached to the spot with forensic experts and found the body on the back seat of the car.The man in his late thirties had just his trousers on and had a deep injury on his skull - believed to have been inflicted by a blunt weapon.\"We found his driving license and other identity documents on the basis of which we identified the victim as Jagdevprasad Mishra alias Jagdish, 35, a resident of Kamdhenu Park near New RTO, Vastral,\" said M R Sharma, inspector of Vastrapur police station.\"We contacted his family members about the incident after which his brother came to the spot and identified him. Mishra was working as a driver for Dilip Rajput, a resident of Maninagar. Mishra used to pay him Rs 500 rent every day and keep the remaining earnings,\" Sharma said.Police, however, are yet to establish the motive for his murder. According to sources, Mishra's friends told police that he had gone to Nadiad to see some land sites with his friends.He then had an altercation with one of his friends identified as Darbar who had threatened to kill him if he did not return his money.Another possibility, police said, was that Mishra was found without his shirt and lying in back of the car that points towards a suspected romantic link.\"We believe that Mishra might have been killed between 2 am and 3 am on Thursday by one or more persons somewhere else and then they left the car at the area from where it was found in the morning,\" said a Vastrapur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14702050", "title": "15-yr-old girl dies of burns as birthday ends in tragedy", "text": "CHENNAI: It turned out to be a fatal birthday for Reshmi. The 15-year-old girl, a student of a private school in Virugambakkam, had gone to a nearby temple along with her family when her dress caught fire from the flame of an earthen lamp.After offering prayers at the Chamundeeswari meditation mandapam, Reshmi was distributing sweets to the devotees when her dress caught fire from a lamp lit by a devotee in the temple. Before she could raise an alarm, the fire spread through her body.A few devotees came to her rescue. She sustained severe burns and was rushed to the Government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital. She died on Thursday.\"She suffered 35% burns. She died without responding to the treatment on Thursday,\" said Koyambedu inspector Sampath. Police have registered a case and are investigating. Reshmi is the elder daughter of the couple, who also have a son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14697942", "title": "Centre urged to increase medical seats in Telangana colleges", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the row over non-allotment of medical seats to Telangana turning into a regional war, the state government has written to the Union ministry of health seeking an increase in the number of medical seats in colleges in the region.The government has urged the Centre to set right the anomaly wherein Medical Council of India (MCI) increased the number of seats in medical colleges in Seemandhra region but not in those located in Telangana.The MCI cited factors like untidy toilets, malfunctioning lifts and inadequate out-patient wards for not granting more seats to Telangana colleges. But pro-Telangana leaders allege that Andhra colleges, too, face the same problems although that did not prevent them from gaining additional seats.However, MCI authorities said that the damage could not be undone although a fresh request could be considered for the next academic year were the state government to send a proposal before September 30. \"Nothing is in our hands now. The board goes by the assessment report and if a college fails to meet the criteria, there is no way the MCI can help sanction additional seats,\" pointed out Mantha Srinivas, officer in-charge of MCI's assessment cell.Andhra Medical College in Visakhapatnam, Siddhartha Medical College in Vijayawada and Kurnool Medical College were granted 50 additional seats each this year. However, the MCI refused to consider Osmania Medical College in Hyderabad, Gandhi Medical College in Secunderabad and Kakatiya Medical College in Warangal for additional seats citing defective proposals. Making this as a case of discrimination,Accusin the e it of deliberately sending weak proposals on behalf of the medical colleges of the region, TRS charged the government of step-motherly treatment towards Telangana region.However, TRS blamed the state government's step-motherly treatment for MCI's raw deal. \"The proposals sent to the MCI vindicate the discriminatory attitude of the state government. While it lobbied hard for additional seats in Seemandhra colleges, the government neglected Telangana,\" complained former TRS MP B Vinod Kumar.Inadequate number of out-patients was the reason cited for denying additional seats to KMC, Warangal. As per norms, the teaching hospital of a medical college must have a minimum of 2,000 out-patients a day. However, the proposal sent to the MCI mentioned a far lesser figure. The Telangana leaders pointed out that three teaching colleges attached to the college, Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Hospital, CK Maternity Hospital and Government Maternity Hospital together receive more than 3,000 out-patients everyday. \"The college authorities messed with the numbers as a result of which KMC was deprived of its right despite qualifying for additional seats,\" said a senior official in the directorate of medical education.In the case of OMC, Hyderabad, the proposal was rejected citing infrastructural inadequacies such as malfunctioning elevator, untidy toilet and congested library space. GMC in Secunderabad could not convince the MCI on account of its poor bed-patient ratio.Surprisingly, Seemandhra medical colleges bagged additional seats despite having similar problems, thanks to an undertaking given by the college authorities saying the shortcomings would be rectified. \"While the proposal was defective, the government should have given an undertaking for Telangana colleges as it did for Seemandhra colleges. I cannot understand this discrimination,\" said Bhoomigari Mohan Rao, chairman of Medical Telangana Joint Action committee (M-TJAC).Refuting the charges, Vasantha Prasad, director of medical education, said the undertaking was sent to the MCI on behalf of the Telangana medical colleges also, but wondered why it was not considered. \"There might be some minor errors in the proposals, but it does not make a case for rejection. We gave the undertaking on June 23, while the cut-off date was June 30. How do you explain the rejection?\" wondered Sudarshan, principal of OMC, who had submitted the undertaking subsequent to the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14697784", "title": "Govt imposes auction rider on power sale", "text": "NEW DELHI: The coal ministry has asked power plants with captive coal blocks to sell electricity through bidding process - rather than at negotiated tariffs - initiated by distribution utilities or lose coal mines.The ministry's directive puts a blanket ban on merchant sale of electricity by private power producers who were given coal blocks for free. The order also includes sale of surplus electricity generated by companies from their captive power plants that were given free coal blocks.The directive, issued on June 28, would immediately affect Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, Jindal Power Ltd, Prakash Industries, Monnet Ispat Energy Ltd, Tisco , Praksh Indutries Ltd and SARDA Energy and Minerals (formerly Raipur Alloys &amp; Steel Ltd).The ministry's order comes in the backdrop of the Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) draft report on coal block allotments saying the government extended an \"undue benefit\" of Rs 1.86 lakh crore to private entities by giving away mines without bidding.CAG's findings, first reported by ToI on March 22, had initially pegged the value of the undue benefit at Rs 10.76 lakh crore from allocation of 155 blocks between 2004 and 2009 to 100 entities. But the figure was later pruned by separating Central and state government entities from the list of allottees, and keeping only private companies.Both the drafts of CAG's report also observed that benefit of free coal blocks given to power companies should reach consumers. The final report is expected to be tabled in the Monsoon session of Parliament.The CAG's report had rejected the ministry's argument that allocations to the power sector need to be viewed in light of the fact that Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) regulates power tariffs. The report said such regulations do not apply to merchant power plants set up by independent power producers. \"Further, CERC tariff regulations 2009-14, allow normative operation and maintenance expenses for coal- and lignite-fired generating stations as against the actual cost of production of coal. In fact, for steel and cement sectors, the competitive market forces cannot ensure that the allottee would pass on the benefit of low cost of natural resources to citizens.\"The ministry's move appears to have been triggered by CAG's findings, and is being seen as a damage control exercise ahead of the Monsoon session, expected to begin in the last week of July or first week of August.The CBI is also probing possible foul play in the allocation of blocks following complaints lodged by BJP MPs Prakash Javdekar and Hansraj Gangaram Ahir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14700177", "title": "Jharkhand state electricity board engineers' strike enters 4th day", "text": "RANCHI: The strike called by diploma engineers of Jharkhand state electricity board (JSEB) entered its fourth day on Thursday with partial effect being felt in isolated parts of the state. While JSEB is making every effort to compensate for the lack of manpower in the field, backchannel talks are on to persuade the engineers to come back to work.In a press release issued by the vidyut diploma abhiyanta sangh, the striking employees have claimed that there were long hours of power cuts in different parts of the state owing to transmission and distribution faults that were not corrected once the snarls developed.The association claimed that airport substation in Ranchi is out of order since Tuesday night whereas the transformer in Bhabha nagar went out of order on Wednesday. \"Power supply to CoBRA battalion in Khunti has been disrupted for over 30 hours whereas because of the breakdown of 33KV line in Koderma, power supply in the entire district is affected,\" said PK Jaiswal, general secretary of the association.Accusing board management for the hardships faced by electricity consumers, Jaiswal said, had the board been concerned about problems of common man they would have at least initiated talks.Meanwhile power situation in the capital was not as bad as expected because of precautionary measures taken by the board.In absence of junior engineers from the field board has deputed assistant engineers and engineers in the fields. Director of public relations, JSEB, PK Srivastava said that the situation was under control because the senior engineers deputed in the field to manage the crisis are efficiently managing the requirements.\"A 24-hour control room has been established to respond to the calls of consumers and an hourly monitoring is being carried out by the chairman's office,\" he said.Board chairman SN Verma appealed to the diploma engineers to resume duty immediately. Sources said that an effort was being made by the board to come to reconciliation point so that some of the legitimate demands could be met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14706336", "title": "SRCC, Hindu reopen Eco seats in 4th list", "text": "NEW DELHI: DU aspirants who had given up on getting admission in Economics (honours) in top colleges were in for a pleasant surprise on Thursday. Shri Ram College of Commerce reopened admission for BA (H) economics in the fourth cutoff list announced by Delhi University on Thursday night.Two other campus colleges \u2014 Hindu College and Miranda House \u2014 too reopened admissions in this sought-after course. While SRCC and Miranda House reduced the economics cutoff by 0.25 percentage points each, Hindu decreased it by 0.5 percentage point. Other colleges which are going to admit students in the fourth list in this course include Hans Raj, Ramjas, Sri Venkateswara, Delhi College of Arts and Commerce and College of Vocational Studies.While admissions for Economics (H) are on in 10 colleges , including six campus colleges , BCom (H) is open in 12, including Hans Raj, IP College, Ramjas and Sri Venkateswara.The icing on the cake of the fourth cutoff list is the BA programme which is open for admissions in general category across 24 colleges with dips in cutoffs of up to 5 percentage points.SRCC principal P C Jain said the college has 62 seats in Economics (H). \"By the end of the third list, admissions and withdrawal the college has been left with 65 students of which around a dozen are from science background. By past experience these students leave for professional courses like engineering and medicine, which is why we had to reopen in the fourth list.\"Withdrawals have been one of the major reasons for BCom (H) remaining open in colleges like Hans Raj and reopening in Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College. The highest decrease of 2 percentage points has been recorded at Zakir Husain (evening) with its cutoff ranging from 83% to 88%. The highest cutoff now for BCom (honours) in the fourth list is at Hans Raj with 96% to 98%, a decrease of 0.25 percentage point.Two courses which are open in a significant number of colleges are BCom and BA programme . BCom is open in 21 colleges , including Kamla Nehru, Dayal Singh, Sri Venkateswara, Ramjas and Maitreyi. In fact Maitreyi along with Zakir Husain (evening) recorded the highest dip in cutoff for this course with a decrease of 3.5%.Nearly half the colleges offering BA programme continued admission in the fourth list, including colleges like Delhi College of Arts and Commerce, Sri Venkateswara, Zakir Husain (evening), Deen Dayal Upadhyaya and SGTB Khalsa. The highest cutoff for BA programme has been recorded at SGTB Khalsa with 82% to 87% followed by Sri Venkateswara with 80% to 91%. Zakir Husain (evening) has the lowest as well as the largest range with a cutoff of 45% to 65%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701466", "title": "Power failure hits SMS hospital emergency ward", "text": "JAIPUR: A major power failure hit SMS Hospital's emergency ward on Thursday night. Also patients at ICU on the ground floor who were on ventilators were shifted to ICUs on the first floor. Some parts of the hospital witnessed total blackout.The three patients who were on ventilators were rushed to the ICU on the first floor.SMS acting superintendent Dr Virendra Singh said, \"We have immediately contacted the Rajasthan state electricity board officials to fix the problems. We have shifted some patients who were on ventilator to the ICUs where the power supply was not affected.\"Late on Thursday night, some parts of the hospital witnessed a total blackout.The emergency ward was hit badly. Doctors used generators as a stopgap measure but, till late night all the efforts turned out to be futile, according to hospital sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14708343", "title": "Disproportionate assets case: SC verdict on Mayawati today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court is to deliver its verdict today on BSP supremo Mayawati's plea, challenging the CBI probe in an alleged disproportionate assets (DA) case against her.Mayawati had filed a petition in May 2008, seeking quashing of the criminal proceedings against her in the DA case, lodged by the CBI over eight years ago. She had alleged it was an act of political vendetta against her.A bench headed by P Sathasivam had reserved its judgment on May 1 after two-hour-long hearing during which the former Uttar Pradesh chief minister had accused the CBI of \"fixing\" the DA case against her, a charge refuted by the agency.Mayawati had said the bench should direct the CBI to consider the aspect of order passed by the Income Tax Tribunal holding that her income was genuine and the order had also been upheld by the Delhi high court.The CBI had said there was \"ample evidence\" to show that she had amassed wealth disproportionate to her known sources of income.Mayawati had claimed she had received the money as donations from party workers.Questioning Mayawati's assets, the CBI had said her declared assets of Rs one crore in 2003 had gone up to Rs 50 crore in 2007.The CBI, in its last affidavit filed on September 13, 2011, had alleged there was a \"criminal nexus\" between Mayawati and her relatives and the disproportionate assets case against her cannot be closed on the basis of conclusions arrived at by the Income Tax Department.The agency had rejected Mayawati's stand that the DA case should come to an end after the income tax authorities accepted her income tax assessments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14701665", "title": "Admissions continue in several degree colleges", "text": "KANPUR: SN Sen Degree College has released its first merit list. Girls with a minimum of 65% marks would be given admission in BA. In the general category, 250 students would be given admission in BA. In OBC category, 100 students havng a minimum of 59% marks would be get admission. For SC/ST candidates, the college has set 53.2% as minimum. The students willing to take admission in BA should deposit fees by July 13.The college authorities said that the second merit list for undergraduate courses would be released on July 7. On the same date, the first merit list of MA course would also be released. The college administration informed that out of 240 seats in BSc, 140 seats have been filled and students have been given admission.Kanpur Vidya Mandir has also released its second merit list.Students should have 51% marks for seeking admission in BA in KVM. The cut-off for BSc (maths) stood at 65% marks. In BSc biology, the cut-off stood at 40% marks.Other degree colleges like PPN, Christ Church and BND are yet to declare the first merit list. The PPN College would declaring the merit list on July 6 while the other two degree colleges would be doing it within a week.In DBS College, scores of students are turning up to take admission in different undergraduate and post-graduate courses after the declaration of the merit list. The college has asked students to submit the fees latest by July 10. The second merit would be declared on July 12, if the seats remain vacant.The DAV College had also released its cut-off list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14700970", "title": "Gujarat woman milking millions in dairy den", "text": "VADODARA: Ramilaben Govindbhai Patel hasn't been to college. But at 43, she earns what some CEOs take home. Nothing fancy here. She milks cows every day and supplies milk to a dairy co-operative. She milked Rs 1.10 crore - Rs 1,10,17,675 - net profit in 2011-12, to be precise!At Pentarpura village in Sabarkantha district, Ramilaben's dairy farm churns out 5.55 lakh litres of milk per annum. What had started as a backyard business in 2000 is now a full-fledged family business. She is an outstanding success story of the change the White Revolution has brought about in Amul capital.Twelve years ago, Ramilaben registered herself as a primary milk producer at Pentarpura's dudh mandali (village level milk society) and took a bank loan for five cross-bred cows. Today, she runs 'Jai Ranchod Dudh Utpadan Kendra', which is a five-acre home to 280 cattle where 40 workers get employment, even though the farm has four automatic milking machines.She and her husband Govindbhai visited Israel last year to finalise plans to set up a calf-rearing farm alongside a fully computerized 'tabela'.\"Our farm has 24-hour water, cooling system, fodder chaffing machines and other things but we now want to adopt Israeli technology where rotary units will milk cows automatically and also indicate the fat content,\" says Ramilaben. The modernization will cost Rs 1 crore.Ramilaben is an inspiration to other women in Gujarat who are the backbone of the dairy industry. Out of the total 16,117 milk societies, 2,124 are run by women. Of the 31.8 lakh members in 15 district unions, 8.2 lakh are women.\"A quarter of our total members are women but their contribution to the productivity of the dairy sector is much more,\" says R S Sodhi, managing director of the Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that markets the brand Amul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698505", "title": "India worst-hit by ailments originating from animals", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has topped a list of countries worst affected by diseases originating from animals (zoonotic).The first-of-its-kind global study mapping human-animal diseases has pin pointed an \"unlucky\" 13 zoonoses that are responsible for 2.4 billion cases of human illness and 2.2 million deaths per year.India is among the top geographical hotspots for such diseases, with 75% of recently identified emerging infectious diseases affecting humans being that of animal origin.Globally, 60% of all human diseases and 75% of all emerging infectious diseases have been found to be zoonotic.The study, conducted by the International Livestock Research Institute (ILRI) and the Institute of Zoology (UK), said most of these human infections were acquired from the world's 24-billion livestock.The 13 zoonoses were identified as most important, based on analysis of 1,000 surveys covering more than 10 million people, six million animals and 6,000 food or environment samples.The study said, 27% of livestock in developing countries like India showed signs of current or past infection with bacterial food-borne disease \u2014 a source of food contamination and widespread illness.At least one-third of global diarrheal diseases are because of zoonotic causes. Additionally, 80% of pathogens \u2014 with a high potential for bio-terrorism \u2014 are zoonotic.\"From cyst-causing tapeworms to avian flu, zoonoses present a major threat to human and animal health,\" said Delia Grace, a veterinary epidemiologist with ILRI in Kenya and the study's lead author. \"Targeting the diseases in the hardest hit countries is crucial to protecting global health as well as to reducing severe levels of poverty and illness among the world's one billion poor livestock keepers. Exploding global demand for livestock products is likely to fuel the spread of a wide range of human-animal infectious diseases,\" Grace added.The study has ranked India at the top, followed by Ethiopia , Nigeria and Tanzania , which have the highest zoonotic disease burdens with widespread illness and death.Some of the key findings of the study published on Thursday said 12% of animals have recent or current infections with brucellosis, reducing production by 8%, 7% of livestock are currently infected with tuberculosis (TB), reducing their production by 6% and from 3%-10% of human TB cases may be caused by zoonotic TB. Around 17% of pigs show signs of current infection with cysticercosis creating the enormous burden of human cysticercosis, while 27% of livestock have shown signs of current or past infection with bacterial food-borne disease.Around 26% of livestock show signs of current infection with leptospirosis acting as a reservoir for human infection, while 25% of livestock show signs of infection with Q fever and are a major source of infection of farmers and consumers.The study found a 99% correlation between country levels of protein-energy malnutrition and the burden of zoonoses. India also has the worst protein-energy malnutrition.\"Many poor livestock keepers are not even meeting their own protein and energy needs. Too often, animal diseases, including zoonotic diseases, confound their greatest efforts to escape poverty and hunger,\" the study said. Among the high-priority zoonoses studied were endemic zoonoses such as brucellosis, which cause the vast majority of illness and death in poor countries, epidemic zoonoses that typically occur as outbreaks, such as anthrax and Rift Valley fever and the relatively rare emerging zoonoses such as bird flu.India, the study predicted, will see the most rapid changes in pig and poultry farming with more animals being to be raised in concentrated spaces, raising the risk of spread of disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699608", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation panel meet adjourned", "text": "NASHIK: The meeting of the standing committee of the NMC was adjourned on Thursday after homage was paid to recently deceased prominent personalities. The meet was adjourned after condoling the death of Dharmaji Patil, , father of Congress Corporaor Dinkar Patil former mayor Dashrath Patil, and other persons.Initially, the proposal of the adjournment of the Standing Committee meeting was tabled by the SC members Damodar Mankar and Balasaheb Sanap. Approving the proposal, the SC chairman Uddhav Nimse announced the adjournment of the House after paying the condolence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699005", "title": "English play on July 7-8", "text": "LUCKNOW: \"Butterflies...\", a play by city-based amateur theatre group ACTORS, will be staged at Sangeet Natak Akademi, Gomtinagar on July7-8. The play is being supported by The Times of India. It has been directed by Faisal Husain and features Caryle McFarland, Jigyasa Panjwani, Priti Chawla and Varun Rastogi as the lead cast. The play is based on a relationship between a school principal (Don) and an aspiring stage actress (Jill). Jill attempts to protect Don from his mother, the writer, Florence Baker. Between food and friendship, a bond is established. Jill too has a change of heart, for which she exhibits her dramatic talent, using Ralph as a rival to wean herself away from Don. The hilarious and heart wrenching dialogues explore the pain that lies beneath human relationships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14696790", "title": "Impostor takes 2 deputy collectors for a ride", "text": "BHOPAL: Two senior deputy collectors of Madhya Pradesh were duped by an impostor who, posing as a collector, asked the officers to deposit Rs 40,000 each. The impostor reportedly said \"Gulshan Bamra bol raha hun\" and ordered them to deposit the money in a bank account. Bamra, considered as an upright officer, is presently posted as the collector of Jabalpur.A deputy collector, Nandlal Tumrali, in the tribal-dominated district of Dindori received an outstation call on June 28. As Tumrali said hello, someone from the other end, said \"Gulshan Bamra bol raha hun.\" Not doubting any foul play, the response of Tumrali, who had worked under Bamra, was \"yes sir\".The man faking as Bamra then passed on an SBI account to Tumrali and asked him to deposit Rs 40,000.\"As I had worked with Bamra sir, I did not think much before depositing the sum,\" Tumrali told the TOI over phone from Dindori. He reportedly gave the money to his colleague R K Paraste to deposit it in bank. As told, Paraste deposited the money.After depositing the sum, Paraste called up the impostor taking him as Gulshan Bamra informing him that he had deposited Rs 40,000.The police said the caller then enquired from Paraste whether he too was a deputy collector. When he answered in affirmative, he was also \"ordered\" to deposit an equal amount in the bank account.Dindori SP Purshottam Sharma told TOI that an FIR was registered against the caller under the Section 420 after a complaint from Paraste.When the police began investigations, the number was traced to Patna, the police said.Interestingly, a few months ago, in a similar incident, an unknown caller had duped some deputy collectors of the state by posing as P C Mina, then the chief electoral officer. The calls were traced to the Beur jail in Patna.The cyber cell of Madhya Pradesh investigated the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14700586", "title": "Shelter homes for women, kids to apply for registration", "text": "GURGAON: In the wake of recent incidents involving child abuse at children's homes and abandoning of infants, the Haryana women and child development department has instructed all child care institutions and women's homes to apply for registration.The department has issued directions to all deputy commissioners regarding inspection and registration of the same on Thursday. So far, there are 105 Child Care Institutions in which 4,234 inmates are living. Five hundred and fifty-eight women are residing in 13 women homes across the state. All the institutions have been inspected by the district administration and 89 institutions have applied for the new registrations.The state government has also reconstituted the state advisory board of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act under the chairmanship of the Women and Child Development Minister on Thursday.The board would advise government on matters relating to the establishment and maintenance of these child welfare homes across the state. \"It would also consider ways and means for mobilization of human and material resources for implementation of the Act,\" explained a spokesperson, adding that the board would issue guidelines for provision of facilities for education, training and rehabilitation of child in need of care and protection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698681", "title": "No effect of Naxal bandh in Gadchiroli-Gondia", "text": "NAGPUR: The Naxal bandh called on Thursday remained by and large peaceful. The Naxals had called the bandh to protest two encounters of South Chhattisgarh in June, where the rebel have accused security forces of gunning down villagers in the name of action against armed guerrillas.Attempts to paralyse traffic by blocking roads in some parts of Naxal-dominated Gadchiroli and Gondia districts were thwarted by security forces, who had begun their preventive action on the eve of the strike. The rebels tried to stop traffic by tying banners and creating small obstacles across roads with stones at several places in Gadchiroli like Dhanora, Kasansoor, Jarawandi, Pendri and Korchi, and some other places in southern parts of the district.Deputy inspector general of police (DIG), Naxal range, Ravindra Kadam said the security forces had opened several roads that the rebels had tried to block with banners and posters. \"We did not allow traffic to be affected,\" he said.Apart from the protest against the Chhattisgarh encounters, the Naxals are also opposing the operation 'Green hunt' directed against them in the hinterlands. The rebels challenged security forces of Dhanora in north Gadchiroli in one of the posters painted on the road. Naxals also painted images of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at another place and criticized him.A source in Aheri said most business establishments and trades remained open, and both private and public transport plied across south Gadchiroli. \"Some of the interior roads were closed by Naxals but no major incidents were reported,\" he said.Superintendent of police, Gondia, Dilip Zalke said there were no untoward incidents in the district. \"The Naxal bandh had no impact on normal life,\" he said.The Naxals used the opportunity of the band to appeal to the tribal population to make their 'Shaheed saptah' or martyr's week between July 28 and August 3 successful. Apart from their slain commander Kishenji, the Naxals also tried to highlight the sacrifice of other cadres in action against security forces at various places in their stronghold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14697581", "title": "Constables still get Rs 50 as bicycle allowance!", "text": "INDORE: Constables to sub-inspector in Madhya Pradesh still get bicycle repair allowance of Rs 50 per month. It is another matter that majority of them do not have bicycles having the wherewithal to own motorbikes or at least mopeds.A cop, requesting anonymity, said they should not be expected to nab criminals riding their bicycles. \"When criminals today are equipped with modern weapons and fast moving vehicles, the government expects us to do our duty on bicycles,\" he said.Sub-inspector Navin Yadav at Hira Nagar police station, informed that he gets Rs 50 per month as bicycle allowance even as he gave up cycling some six to seven years ago. He said there is hardly anyone who still uses cycle for coming to office.A constable attached with the district reserve police line attributes it to the apathy of senior policemen, who get vehicle and fuel from the government. He said junior-level police personnel use motorbike to attend to the duty and spend thousands on fuel from his pocket.When head constable Ramdev Tripathi, at Sanyogitaganj police station, was asked about the allowances, he informed that he was getting Rs 10 as bicycle allowance around 30 years ago when he joined the police department. Now, he gets Rs 50 as bicycle allowance.Talking to TOI SSP A Sai Manohar called it a cruel joke on cops. He said every policeman should at least get allowance with which he can afford a motorbike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14702606", "title": "SBS Nagar fears more cave-ins", "text": "LUDHIANA: The horrors of the last monsoon haven't faded from SBS Nagar residents' memories as they not only braved massive water logging but also saved themselves from caved-in roads in the locality. Breaking of diseases was no less a trouble. The situation doesn't seem to be any better this year too once the monsoon kicks in, as Ludhiana Improvement Trust has done nothing to ensure drainage of rain water, since it flooded the roads last year. Even the rain water harvesting system installed last year is lying defunct in the locality. The roads have concrete tiles on both the sides and no space for water to seep in when it rains, say the residents. LIT authorities claim only a few areas in SBS Nagar face the problem of water logging while rest of the areas do not have such issues during monsoon.The monsoon is expected to erupt many troubles of the past for SBS Nagar residents. Retired engineer O P Madan says the officials have never got the roads constructed in this area with drainage lines on either side. Three roads caved in last year, creating panic and mess, he adds.Shopkeeper B D Sharma from the locality says the stalled city centre project is the root cause of all health hazards during monsoons in the locality.Executive engineer of LIT Sukhbir Jakhar says, \"Water logging problem in SBS Nagar has never come into our notice, except last year, which was due to incessant rainfall. As far as the storm sewerage is concerned, LIT has not installed the same at any of its residential projects.\" Jakhar says rain water harvesting systems were installed at three places in SBS Nagar and had been made operational. Homemaker Gurdeep Kaur Takkar says it is not just the dirty water outside on the roads which spreads diseases during rainy season. \"Even the water we consume gets contaminated and causes diarrhoea,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702331", "title": "Mumbai teen on bus footboard dies as head hits pole", "text": "MUMBAI: A teenager, who was standing on the footboard of a BEST bus, died as his head hit a pole on Thursday.Shukla was a resident of Lokhandwala in Kandivli (East). Around 1.30 pm on Thursday, he boarded a running bus (route no. 287) outside a mall on Akurli Road. Minutes later, he was struck by a pole when the bus took a left turn. \"Shukla was bleeding profusely from his head and ear after the mishap. His co-passengers took him to Bhagwati Hospital where he was declared dead,\" said Nanasaheb Kamble, senior inspector of Samta Nagar police station. \"Shukla was yet to buy a ticket as he was standing on the footboard.We have registered a case of accidental death. Two eyewitnesses narrated the sequence of events,\" added Kamble.However, a BEST spokesperson, said Shukla slipped off while he was trying to board the bus from the rear door.\"Prima facie, the bus driver was not at fault. Shukla hadn't boarded at a bus stop and the vehicle was in motion. It was an accidental death,\" BEST public relations officer Manoj Varade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14698893", "title": "Kolkata mayor-Bengal minister spat over veggie shops", "text": "KOLKATA: There seems to be a complete lack of coordination between the mayor and state agriculture marketing minister Arup Roy over selling vegetables at a cheaper rate from eight municipal markets.While mayor Sovan Chatterjee said he had provided space for the agriculture marketing department to sell vegetables at a fair price at eight city markets, Roy claimed he was not aware of any plan to sell vegetables at KMC markets by the government.The task force formed to tackle spiraling prices met at the Kolkata Municipal Corporation headquarters on Thursday, but failed to decide on selling vegetables itself.\"I was never consulted about plans to set up fair price vegetable shops at KMC markets. The only thing chief minister Mamata Banerjee told me was to procure chilies from Haldibari,\" Roy said. The mayor, however, said the agriculture marketing department was supposed to sell vegetables at a fair price at eight KMC markets located across the cityfrom Thursday. Chatterjee said the space would be reserved for the department, and it could use the space whenever it wants. The civic body will provide the state agriculture department with 10 mobile vans to be stationed at these municipal markets for selling vegetables at fair price, he added.It was decided at Thursday's meeting that the state agriculture marketing department officials will visit places in Hooghly district for procurement of potato at a fair price which will be sold in the city's market at a subsidized rate. The team of officials will take up the issue with the district magistrate, a member of the task force said.Apart from selling vegetables from the eight municipal markets, the state government also wants the KMC to reserve space in the prominent KMC markets for sale of rice. State food minister Jyotipriya Mullick on Thursday said his department had planned to sell rice at a fair price from municipal markets. \"I need space in the KMC markets to enable us sell rice at a fair price,\" Mullick told reporters. However, mayor said the food minister had not communicated his decision to him. However, giving space in the municipal markets will be no major issue, the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699394", "title": "UP govt orders CB-CID probe into Shia Waqf Board land disputes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP government on Thursday ordered CB-CID probe into Shia Waqf Board property disputes that have taken place in the past 10 years.\"The government has taken a series of steps to end disputes over Shia Waqf Board properties,\" said a government spokesperson.The CB-CID will also probe the alleged murderous attack on Shia cleric Maulana Kalbe Jawwad last month.Earlier in the day, Jawwad had resigned from the post of Imam - Jumma Namaz in protest against the government's apathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14700313", "title": "Kochi corporation forms new working groups", "text": "KOCHI: In a special council meeting that was marred by protests from opposition councillors, the Kochi Corporation gave approval to the appointment of corporation engineer as plan co-ordinator and formed 19 working groups, which would come under the standing committees.The protests raised by the opposition councilors were mainly on the ground that amendments made by the government to reduce number of working groups would only sabotage the people's planning programme. They alleged that councillors were unaware of the amendments until the formation of the working groups.In response to the criticism raised by the opposition, mayor Tony Chammany said that there were no organizational changes in the functioning of the working groups.A training programme for the chairmen and chairpersons of the standing committees and working committees will be held at the Kerala Institute of Local Administration (KILA), Thrissur on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14700203", "title": "Indian Medical Association demands security cover for doctors in steel city", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In light of rising incidents of altercation of attendants of patients with practicing doctors in the city, the Indian Medical Association (IMA) has called for adequate security arrangement in private and public hospitals to ward off possible violent incidents.Strongly condemning the growing acts of violence against doctors in various hospitals, particularly in the private Tata Main Hospital and the government-run Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Hospital ( MGMH), the IMA has sought intervention from the district administration to prevent attendants of patients from resorting to violent behavior.In the last six months the city has witnessed several such incidents wherein the aggrieved family members, relatives and acquaintances of the deceased patients tend to misbehave with the doctor on duty for his/her alleged negligence.\"The irony is that without properly inquiring into the cause of the death of their dear one they (victim's family members) create a row and resort to vandalism. There are even instances of doctors being roughed up and beaten up by the victim's family,\" said IMA (Jamshedpur) secretary Dr Mritunjay Singh.Lodging strong protest against \"uncivilized\" conduct of the patients' attendants, the IMA has said if things continue to move in such a fashion it would get difficult for doctors to perform their duty without fear.\"It has, therefore, become imperative to write to the district administration which would be followed up by leading a delegation to the deputy commissioner and senior police superintendent seeking deployment of police personnel to ensure safety and security of the practicing doctors in their respective institutions,\" said another functionary of the IMA.According to the IMA, some noted nursing homes, too, have been the victims of embarrassing behaviour of the people. Early this week a doctor on duty in the emergency ward in TMH was manhandled by enraged family members of a patient -- who was allegedly brought dead to the hospital -- for medial negligence.There are over a dozen hospitals in the city beside an equal number of nursing homes. The IMA had sought police help when doctors were being targeted by an amateur criminal gang in the fag end of December 2010 and early January 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14709487", "title": "Over half a million still without power in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Six days after a sudden summer storm knocked large parts of US powerless, more than 580,000 homes and businesses in the American capital and eleven states were still without electricity with temperatures hovering around 37 degrees Celsius mark in many places.The number of households without power dropped considerably Thursday from a peak of about four million from Ohio to New Jersey who lost power after the Friday night storm that also claimed 22 lives.Many in Washington and affected states of Indiana, Ohio, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, Delaware, Kentucky, North Carolina, New Jersey and Illinois spent the July 4 Independence Day in darkness.Thursday saw more sweltering temperatures, from Chicago to Washington to Atlanta and beyond with mercury touching 38.3 degrees Celsius in Baltimore and 40 degrees Celsius in St. Louis.Before it gets better, \"the record heat wave\" could get worse, CNN reported citing the National Weather Service.\"The heat will begin to expand eastward over the next few days, with high temperatures and humidity levels combining to create dangerous heat index values in the triple digits,\" the forecast said.Meanwhile, in West Virginia, authorities and charities rushed critically needed food and water to thousands of hungry people with empty pantries and \"mass dumpings\" of spoiled food across the state.With grocery stores in many areas still unable to open due to lack of electricity, the American Red Cross in West Virginia planned to serve up to 25,000 meals a day beginning Thursday, CNN said citing Becky Howard, regional chief development officer.Officials were sending \"about 40 big truckloads of water around the state each day\", Governor Earl Ray Tomblin said. \"Those affected by the storm are beginning to receive much-needed food.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "14700466", "title": "Villager accuses Belgaum cops of harassment", "text": "BELGAUM: A police complaint was lodged against two SIs, one constable and one of the SI's father by a villager in Raibag taluk on Wednesday.Hanamant Ramappa Wadeyar, in his complaint to superintendent of police, Sandeep Patil, alleged that he was beaten up by Kudachi PSI D P Nimbalkar and a constable at Harugeri outpost station without any reason.Wadeyar said there was a dispute between PSI Ashok Sadage's family, the other PSI, and Patil family from Yabaratti village over agricultural land boundary. Being an elderly person of the village, Wadeyar took members of the Patil family to Sadalagi's house on Monday, to initiate a ceasefire between both the families.Sadalagi and his father Annappa alleged insulted Wadeyer and used foul language. Later they informed about it at Kudachi police station.Within no time, constable Sutar from Kudachi police station visited the spot and took him into custody, Wadeyar alleged.SP Sandeep Patil said he has instructed the DySP concerned to conduct an inquiry. Action will be taken in the next two days based on the report, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699002", "title": "More than 3 lakh saplings planted", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state forest department started the plantation drive on Thursday. Minister of state for zoological gardens Shiv Pratap Yadav urged people to plant at least seven trees in the vicinity of their homes and at vacant spaces. More than 9.5 lakh trees in 243 green belts will be planted in the state this time. State protocol minister Abhishek Mishra was also present on the occasion.UP has 7.6% of the country's geographical area and 16.17% of the country's population. The biotic pressure on the forest is increasing. There is a need for massive plantation in the state to create an ecological balance.On Thursday, more than 3.5 lakh trees were planted at 80 identified sites to celebrate Van Mahotsav. During monsoon, the state will be made greener by 3.99 crore trees. The forest department will plant over 45,000 hectare area. The other departments will plant about 1.7 crore trees over 16,450 hectare.Meanwhile, in the green belt along Sharda canal, 2,075 trees of different species like Pakad, Peepal, Maulshree, Kadamb and Goldmohur will be planted in the season. Van Mahotsav is celebrated to give the plantation drive a people-connect. The effort is aimed at encouraging people from all walks of life to plant a tree for the betterment of environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14699534", "title": "Vinod Phadke sacrificed, G-10 back Shekhar Salkar", "text": "PANAJI: The decks have been cleared for Dr Shekhar Salkar to be elected -- probably unopposed -- as the next president of the Goa Cricket Association.The biggest threat to Salkar's presidency was Vinod Phadke. But the current GCA president's ambition has been scuppered after the state government made it clear that he cannot occupy any position in the association due to his express indictment by the Pendse Commission.\"The group of 11 that dethroned Dayanand Narvekar as president has now become a group of 10. Phadke is not with us since the state government has made it clear that he cannot hold a post in GCA. All of us are backing Salkar. He is our leader,\" said GCA secretary Prasad Phaterpekar.The Pendse Commission that inquired into the activities of the association for five years between 1997 and 2002 reached the \"inevitable conclusion\" that Dayanand Narvekar, Vinod Phadke and the then treasurer Rama Shankardas were involved in the printing and distribution of fake tickets.The commission noted that the \"Sports Authority of Goa may consider withdrawing recognition to the GCA until the entire managing committee vacates the office and Narvekar, Phadke and Shankardas do not participate hereinafter in the management of the association.\"The unexpected turn of events is in tune with huge stakes in the race for a place in the GCA managing committee. Phadke was learnt to be an important player in the race for the top post. He had also made his presidential ambitions known but a planned meeting with chief minister Manohar Parrikar and it became clear that Salkar was the man the state government were throwing their weight behind.\"We are all (G-10) proceeding with our nominations on Friday. The government is backing us and there is no question of anyone else becoming the GCA president apart from Salkar,\" reiterated Phaterpekar.How Salkar would accommodate all of the revolting members was not clear. At least two of the G-10 members would have to be left out of the managing committee and later co-opted since at least five to six new faces are expected.The role of former GCA secretary, Chetan Desai, also an important player in the elections, was not immediately known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14698404", "title": "God particle scientists cherish personal milestones, fond memories", "text": "KOLKATA: The announcement on the Higgsboson particle was celebrated worldwide. But for the scientists involved with the project, there have been many eureka moments during their decades of association with CERN.While many of them were scientific in nature, there were many more that embraced other facets of life.\"The detection of Higgsboson was indeed a great moment. However, the most rewarding aspect was not the final detection but the opportunity to collaborate with the most brilliant minds from all over the world. It wasn't just collaboration, there was intense competition as well.Not only did I get an opportunity to evaluate myself, it drove me to push my limits,\" said scientist Subir Sarkar.Hailing from a small town in North Bengal, imagine the reaction when he discovered four-five Nobel laureates \"going about their work\" just like any other researcher at CERN. \"I had not seen even one Nobel Laureate till I landed there. Of course, I had read about all of them.One day, when I was about to enter a room, I found Jack Steinberger (Nobel prize winning German-American physicist) open the door for me. It was a humbling moment, one of many that I was to experience during my two decades with CERN,\" he said.Working with 3,000 of the best researchers from all over the world not only broadened Sarkar's knowledge, but also enlarged his horizon. He learnt that only some English and French were inhibited; and that only a few Germans put up a grave countenance. All Italians and Spanish turned out just as carefree and jovial as he had imagined; while Americans were very easy going and not at all the dominating kind he had imagined.Sarkar has been working at CERN since 1993, when he was a PhD student. In 1999, he got associated with the Chicago Tevertron experiment that was an immediate precursor to the CMS experiment at large hydron collider (LHC) that he joined in 2006. Starting off as a researcher at TIFR in Bangalore, his association with CERN took him to Rome, Chicago and Geneva before finally returning to Kolkata.Yet, he would not have been part of the amazing journey had not the interview board at TIFR not been patient enough to discover his potential. After a 60-hour train journey, I was extremely tired with not adequate preparation for the written examination. In fact, I fared the worst in the lot. Then in the first 15 minutes of the interview, I was too nervous to speak. The interviewers went out of the way to make me comfortable and the next 45 minutes passed off well. Then I had a second interview as those on the board were astonished why someone who did so well in the interview scored so poorly in the written test,\" he recalled.For Suchandra Datta, Sarkar's wife and another member of the CERN team, the eureka moment came when the detector that she and others had painstakingly put together was finally switched on and worked.\"I clearly remember that day in August 2008. We were all very nervous about testing the detector. Each part had individually functioned and there had been checks along the way. But once the entire system was up, there was the nerve wracking worry: 'What if it did not function properly?'. And then a cosmic ray that passed through the detector left an imprint on it. I was ecstatic,\" the woman from Malda recounted.Being part of the CERN project made her humble, she says. When Sarkar had gone to work at Rome, she had travelled to Pisa to be part of the team that was building a detector at CERN. It was her first foray into hardware, a stream that is not considered as premium as research in India.\"More than the challenge of working in a new field, it was a complete attitudinal shift. I came from a place where researchers looked down upon those who designed and tested machines in which experiments were carried out. Here, everyone was on an equal plane. Everyone was aware that one couldn't function without the other. Also, unlike India where senior scientists generally carry a gravity and students are scared to speak, here was a very different atmosphere where anyone could challenge a statement. The senior-junior divide just didn't exist,\" she recounted.A typically shy and reticent scientist, Satyaki Bhattacharya worried about how he would adjust to CERN. But once he landed there, he found the environment very easy and accommodating. \"It wasn't at all intimidating. It is a global nation,\" he said.A member of the CMS project since 1999, his most cherished moment was when after many days of long hours in a laboratory filled with electronic equipment, trying to custom-make a computer that could transfer data at very high speed, he saw the data being transmitted for the first time. \"It was the defining moment of my life. I just sat still and stared at the monitor. I suddenly wished my high school physics teacher Ajit Sarkar and my dad (Binoy Bhattacharya) were present to share the moment,\" he recounted, tears welling up in his eyes.Hailing from Santiniketan, he would have pursued art or literature had it not been for Sarkar and his father. \"My core subject was art and I was advised to take it up as a major. But sir was insistent that I pursue science. I had no clue but he had spotted a scientific temper in me. My father gave me the confidence to choose independently. Later, it was my brother-in-law Pradip Parakh in Bose Institute who guided me,\" he said.In his free time, something rare these days, Bhattacharya still sketches for a family journal 'Mashkabari'. But what he is really looking forward to is a trip to Santiniketan to meet his beloved sir. His father is no more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702514", "title": "Man, woman held for molesting advocate", "text": "MUMBAI:The Colaba police on Thursday arrested two persons, Rakesh Kapde and Manju Kanojia, in connection with a case of molesting, outraging and threatening a lady advocate recently. The two were Rakesh Kapde and Manju Kanojia were produced before court and were remanded in judicial custody.According to the Colaba police, the two accused barged into the complainant's lady advocate's office, in Colaba and took up an argument over some case. The two allegedly manhandled her and the lady and threatened her with 'dire consequences'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14698323", "title": "Jadavpur University professor's arrest: Kolkata Police chief appears before rights body", "text": "KOLKATA: City police chief R K Pachnanda on Thursday appeared before the full bench of the state human rights commission in connection with the arrest of Jadavpur University professor Ambarish Mahapatra for allegedly posting a cartoon of chief minister Mamata Banerjee .Accompanied by additional commissioner (I) Sudhir Mishra, the commissioner of police reached the human rights commission's office at Bhawani Bhawan in the morning. He appeared before the rights body chairman, Justice (retd) Ashok Ganguly and other commission members and spent nearly 40 minutes there.On April 12, cops from East Jadavpur police station rounded up Mahapatra from his New Garia residence and booked him for defaming Mamata Banerjee. Police claimed that the elderly professor circulated a derogatory message against the chief minister. His arrest, however, sparked controversy and people from various quarters of the society condemned his arrest and portrayed it as state highhandedness.On Thursday, Justice Ganguly confirmed that they spoke at length on the arrest with the city police chief. \"At this juncture, it is not proper to ask whether we are satisfied as the case is under investigation. We will also speak to additional OC of East Jadavpur police station as he had executed the arrest,\" said Justice Ganguly.The commission initiated a suo motu case based on media reports and asked the city police chief to submit a report clarifying the circumstances and reasons for the arrest. Commission sources said the police commissioner has already submitted a report but the rights body needs more clarifications.Some important areas in the report remain hazy and the commission wants to know more about those particular areas, said a senior official of the commission, who refused to divulge the points on which the commission is seeking clarifications.After the arrest of Mahapatra, it was revealed that a section of building material suppliers, backed by Trinamool Congress , were trying to get into the housing society where Mahapatra, reportedly a known left minded teacher, holds a key position. Mahapatra reportedly resisted the entry of land sharks. This prodded the TMC-backed developers to lodge a complaint against Mahapatra that he had defamed the CM.It was found that the cops acted on the pressure of an influential Trinamool leader. Before his arrest, Mahapatra was assaulted by a group of Trinamool activists. Moreover, the role of police came under the scanner after the probe revealed that the complainant himself was not among the recipients of the \"defamatory\" mail. But without checking it, cops accepted his complaint.Like Ambikesh, Kolkata Police's role came under the rights body's scanner in another case.The commission has also sought a report from the city police chief and asked him to clarify why rights organization APDR was not allowed to hold a meeting at BBD Bag. Following the step taken by the rights commission, police allowed APDR to hold meetings on city streets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14702974", "title": "First Prez's bank a/c kept alive, Rs 1813 balance", "text": "PATNA: Nearly 50 years after his death, first President Dr Rajendra Prasad's savings account has been kept alive by a public sector bank here, and the balance is Rs1,813. The amount is lying unclaimed in the account of Dr Prasad in the Punjab National Bank (PNB)'s Exhibition Road branch, according to a bank official.The account may have become inoperative in the past 50 years after the death of Dr Prasad but the bank continues to credit half-yearly interest as usual. The account was opened on October 24, 1962 with an amount of Rs500. The ledger balance has since increased to Rs1,813 as the bank has routinely credited half-yearly interest even though the account is non-operational, PNB's Exhibition Road branch Manager S L Gupta said.\"We are very proud to operate the savings bank account of as important a dignitary as the first President of the country,\" he said.The bank has given Dr Prasad's savings accounts prime customer status, Gupta said, adding that his account number 0380000100030687, his photograph and signature have been displayed prominently on the branch premises to woo prospective customers. \"A customer of the stature of the first President has certainly helped us add more customers and, in turn, boost our business in Bihar and rest of the country,\" Gupta said.Usually after the death of a bank account holder, the balance is passed on to the legal heirs on completion of certain formalities. Prasad said no one has come to claim the money till date. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698394", "title": "Security master plan gathering dust: Lawyers", "text": "NAGPUR: After near-simultaneous bomb-blasts on the crowded district court premises of Varanasi, Faizabad and Lucknow on November 23, 2007, that killed many citizens, the need for elaborate security arrangements in Nagpur District and Session Court was felt. Accordingly, the city police, in association with the district bar association (DBA), had envisaged a master plan' o prevent similar attacks. The then DCP Suresh Mekala had even prepared its blueprint and submitted it to the district court administration and to the Maharashtra government. Since then, lawyers say, the file is gathering dust.Two brutal murders had also took place on the court premises. This includes lynching of criminal Akku Yadav by a mob of women and killing of criminal Pintu Shirke. Besides, many deadly assaults took place either on criminals or policemen accompanying them to the courts.Former district government pleader Prashant Sathianathan, during whose tenure the master plan was envisaged, said if the plan was implemented at that time, it would have prevented Thursday's attack. \"It would have also sorted out the problems of haphazardly parked vehicles on the premises that poses biggest threat to the safety and security of the visitors,\" he said.In 2010, the DBA had convened a meeting with the then commissioner of police Satypal Singh over the issue in which the police chief too acknowledged the need of tighter security. \"Officials from public works department and other concerned agencies also participated in the meeting. But since then, no progress was made,\" former DBA president Dipak Kolhe said.Lawyers say there's no check on visitors or vehicles entering the premises thus risking the lives of over 10,000 persons including judges, lawyers and litigants, who visit the premises daily on an average. The court building also houses TADA and MCOCA courts wherein dreaded criminals, including Naxals, are brought for hearing. Their sympathizers roam freely inside the court's premises as there is no security check.Such measures are already in place at the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court where visitors are not allowed to park their vehicles on its premises.What the master plan envisages* All vehicles entering inside district court premises would pass through metal detectors installed at entry gates* Visitors have to carry identity cards like election cards, driving licence or passport* Every person coming inside has to sign visitors' book and his timings would be noted* Visitors' photo and other information would be noted down at the gate and he would be issued a pass to enter the court* All activities of visitors would be monitored through closed circuit cameras to be installed strategically at the court* The makeshift police booth would be replaced by permanent structure that will also be used as a cell to monitor footage of closed circuit television cameras* Visitors won't be allowed to park their vehicles on the court premises* There will be separate entry for visitors, lawyers and judges", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699218", "title": "All India Wine Producers' Association chief quits", "text": "NASHIK: President of the All India Wine Producers' Association (AIWPA), Jagdish Holkar, on Wednesday resigned from his post. Holkar is also chairman of the Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB) under the ministry of food processing industry.Justifying his resignation in a letter to the executive committee members of AIWPA, Holkdar stated, \"...I also took over as Chairman, Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB) under Ministry of Food Processing Industry, GOI and after giving due thought over the situation, I felt that I may not be able to do justice for both the positions effectively. Hence with great pain I have decided to tender my resignation of our association with immediate effect.\"As AIWPA president, Holkar had obtained in-principle approval from deputy CM Ajit Pawar last month for establishing a wine club house in Nashik. The project was to be executed by the MTDC. Besides, he had proposed retail outlets to promote wine sales by eliminating middlemen. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14703223", "title": "HC asks NGOs to be more responsible in combating stray dog menace", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Thursday advised NGOs involved in the programme to combat stray dogs to be more responsible in their approach.Justice BV Nagarathna asked them a question: \"If on a road, a pack of dogs chases an elderly man or an individual, what should he do? Should he negotiate with them?\" The bench asked the NGOs to file an action-taken report by September 27 on the progress achieved.The bench said: \"Tell them (NGOs) to take a walk in Cubbon Park. You can see how many dogs are pregnant. The NGOs have been filing reckless affidavits. Let's face the reality. If you (NGOs) place the animals on a higher pedestal than humans, then there is a serious miscommunication. Humans have to be on top of the chain.\"\"Nobody is saying that all dogs should be killed or exterminated. But a dog biting a man is a serious issue. Here, doctors are not available for human beings, whereas the Geneva Convention says a rabid dog has to be examined by two doctors. European standards can't work here,\" the bench pointed out.The NGOs' counsel said stray dogs are caught and dragged on the streets in an inhuman manner. BBMP counsel said they would inform the court on the steps taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14709384", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: 1 more pilgrim die, toll rises to 32", "text": "SRINAGAR: A 55-year-old pilgrim and a porter died en route to the holy cave shrine of Amarnath in south Kashmir Himalayas, taking the death toll during the ongoing pilgrimage to 32, officials said.Raj Kishore, a resident of Uttar Pradesh, suffered a massive heart attack after paying obeisance at the cave shrine this morning, resulting in his death, the officials said.They said his body was brought down to the base camp and handed over to his next of kin for last rites.A 19-year-old porter identified as Fayaz Ahmad Kasana, a resident of Lar village of Ganderbal, died while leading a batch of pilgrims through Brarimarg Glacier along Baltal-cave route on Wednesday, the officials said.The annual yatra commenced from the twin tracks of Baltal in Ganderbal district and traditional Pahalgam in Anantnag district on June 25 and so far over 2.20 lakh pilgrims have visited the shrine for prayers.A total of 2,10,524 pilgrims offered their prayers to the naturally formed ice-shivlingam by late Wednesday evening, while over 10,000 more paid their obeisance at the cave till Monday afternoon, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14700887", "title": "No end to dumping of debris in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Despite former minister for environment J Krishna Palemar offering monetary reward for those who help nab offenders who dump debris by the roadside in Mangalore City Corporation limits, the practice continues unabated in Dakshina Kannada.A TOI reader, who found a vehicle (KA 19 A 8935) illegally dumping debris on the roadside near Kadri Park along NH, on Thursday mailed the photos to the newspaper. The vehicle had displayed a banner, which read 'On Mangalore City Corporation Service', on it.When TOI contact MCC commissioner K Harish Kumar on the issue, he said that the civic body would investigate the matter and take appropriate action.Referring to the incident Palemar said that that people in DK were lukewarm to environmental safety. \"Even when I offered a reward of Rs 1,000 from my personal funds to help catch such offenders, there was no response. The situation did not change when I backed my action with an official order and enhanced the reward, \" Palemar, who was also the former district in-charge minister, said.Stating that such incidents only reinforced his perception of the issue he said that he would continue his crusade against the practice. \"It does not matter that I am no longer a minister. I will take it up with authorities concerned in my capacity as an MLA,\" he said adding that he has already drawn the attention of MCC commissioner K Harish Kumar and other officers of the civic body towards the issue.\"Failure to curb the practice will result in disaster in terms of artificial flooding in areas where debris blocks natural flow of storm water,\" he added.Srikanth Rao, the joint commissioner, said there was no prescribed fine in the city corporation manuals for those caught dumping debris illegally. \"The cost of transporting such debris to proper landfill site is more than the fine imposed on the offenders. MCC is thinking of proceeding against the offenders under the public nuisance clause of Karnataka Police Act,\" he said.City police chief Seemant Kumar Singh said a similar drive was on in Gujarat and could be tried out in the district also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14697195", "title": "Wimbledon: It's end of the road for Bopanna-Zheng", "text": "LONDON: The Indo-Chinese pair of Rohan Bopanna and Jie Zheng crashed out of the Wimbledon mixed doubles event on Thursday. The 10th seeds lost to the second-seeded American pair of Lisa Raymond and Mike Bryan 2-6, 5-7.Late on Wednesday, they had blasted past the Italian pairing of Roberta Vinci and Daniele Bracciali 6-0, 6-3. It was a nice gift for the birthday girl Zheng, who turned 29.Bopanna and Zheng, playing their first match together after the Bangalorean approached the Chinese pro, didn't put a foot wrong. Bopanna said, \"She's solid from the back court and sets it up nicely for me at the net. We work really well together. I enjoyed hitting with her before we got on court.\"In the women's doubles pre-quarters, Sania Mirza and American Bethanie Mattek-Sands bowed to the American pairing of Venus and Serena Williams 4-6, 3-6 in a late-evening affair on Wednesday.Venus and Serena, who earlier in the day put out the fourth seeds, Maria Kirilenko and Nadia Petrova 3-6, 6-3, 9-7, broke Sania in the opening game of the first set.The Sania and Sands combine fought back, but in the end held too little firepower for the Americans. The Indo-American pairing, seeded 13, took an early 3-1 lead in the second set, but wilted under the pressure as the fancied Americans took charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14710900", "title": "No Rajnikanth in Aamir\u2019s film", "text": "Stories that Rajnikanth is being roped in to perform a song and dance for the new Aamir Khan starrer Talaash has Rajnikanth's camp completely flummoxed and angry. And Ranikanth's associates tell us the mega-star is not amused.What is more, when this writer questioned the Talaash director Reema Kagti about the rumours that the iconic Rajnikanth is turning into an item boy for Aamir, Reema completely denied the rumour. \"Not true,\" the beleaguered director responded.Says a source, \"So then where did this preposterous rumour start? At the moment Rajniji is completely involved with every department of his new film Kochadaiyyan . He is not even looking at doing any other work. He spends all his time with the post-production team. He is helping his daughter(Soundarya) with the editing,mixing,background score. Most of all, Rajniji wants to make sure that the special effects for the action sequences come out perfectly.For that Rajniji insists on flying out with the technical team to London each time theyneed to work on the effects.\"Rajnikant's associate says, \"At first Rajniji's family took the rumours of an item song in their stride. But nowthe reports are getting increasingly inventive.We read somewhere that Mr Aamir Khan is keen to get Rajniji to do an appearance because Rajniji did the same for Ra.One . This is getting absurd. The special appearance in Ra.One was done as a very special favour to Shah Rukh .It doesn't mean Rajniji would be play the item boy for every Khan in Bollywood.\"So who started this bizarre rumour anyway?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14697822", "title": "Forest land cleared for drinking water project", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has overcome the first hurdle towards acquiring forest land for the proposed Godavari drinking water supply project (Maulana Abul Kalam Hyderabad Srujala Sravanthi Scheme).A stretch under the supervision of roads and buildings (R&B;) department in Karimnagar district's Ramagundam would now be utilised for the laying of a pipeline for the proposed project.The Water Board wants 300 acres of forest land spread over Karimnagar, Medak and Rangareddy districts.\"For laying of the pipeline, we have identified a nine-km stretch of road laid five decades ago by R&B; department to link Anthargaon and Basanthnagar, two hamlets in Ramagundam area. The road fell into disuse as the R&B; department opened an alternative route,\" a top HMWS&SB; official told TOI.Before obtaining clearance, Water Board officials held discussions with their counterparts from forest and R&B; departments. Subsequently, they jointly inspected the stretch on July 3.Finally, R&B; department officials in Karimnagar came forward to allot the stretch to Water Board with the consent of the forest department, the official added.\"This is a major achievement as we have received clearance for forest land in Karimnagar. Once R&B; hands over the land, the digging would start. We have paid Rs 6.60 lakh to R&B; as compensation for the road. We will lay a new road after the pipeline is in place,\" the official said.Efforts are on to acquire forest land in Medak and Rangareddy districts as well, the official revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14700239", "title": "Seeing an \u2018End\u2019 to stray dog menace", "text": "KOCHI: It won't be too hard to imagine a neighbourhood without stray dogs.Under the aegis of the Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University, the Veterinary Hospital in Kokkalai, Thrissur, has come up with a humanitarian solution for tackling the stray dog menace.In a research-based programme titled 'End' (Early Neutering in Dogs), the hospital authorities have successfully neutered and given for adoption 30 puppies from the streets in Thrissur.The programme has followers in Ernakulam, Palakkad, Malappuram and Kozhikode.The programme came into limelight just days before the World Zoonoses Day, which falls on Saturday.Zoonotic diseases are infectious diseases that are naturally transmitted between vertebrate animals and humans.\"People are unwilling to adopt street dogs fearing that they are carriers of deadly viruses like rabies. Majority of the rabies is due to dog bites, especially from street dogs. Crores of rupees have been spent on anti-rabies treatment, but we have to treat the root cause. At End, we ensure that puppies are neutered and given vaccination. Thus any genetic and curable anomalies can be taken care of,\" said Dr M K Narayanan, assistant professor of surgery, Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University.The support from the department of animal husbandry has made this programme a success at the initial level.There needs to be a proactive support from the local self-governing bodies for further implementation, said Dr Narayanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "14702791", "title": "Aussie criminal auditions for film, gets to play a cop", "text": "SYDNEY: As one of Australia's most-wanted men, Jonathon Stenberg - suspected of a gruesome murder - might have been expected to lie low. Instead, he walked on to a movie set, auditioned for a bit part in a film starring some of the country's leading actors - and was given the role of a policeman.The 46-year-old former army corporal had been on the run since the body of his neighbour, Edward Kelly, was found in his home in northern New South Wales last month, decapitated and with a hat placed where his head should have been.Dozens of armed police were searching for him at the time and his photograph had been splashed across newspapers and was in TV bulletins. But the film crew had not seen the news for days and he told them he wanted to earn a few dollars.When the film's second assistant director offered him the policeman's role, Stenberg emailed saying he wouldn't be able to take the part because he was heading to the Northern Territory. It was in the outskirts of Darwin that he was captured last Sunday after six days on the run.THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698276", "title": "Anil Deshmukh to pursue Bandu Dhotre's demands", "text": "NAGPUR: With wildlife activist Bandu Dhotre's indefinite fast entering the fourth day, support is pouring in. On Thursday, state food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh visited the fasting activist and said he would pursue the demands raised by Dhotre with government.Deshmukh was with Dhotre for over 25 minutes. He showed keen interest in the presentation by Dhotre on how tigers were being left to die outside Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) owing to poor protection. Dhotre pointed out that areas around Tadoba were the only living corridor in the country from where tigers disperse but as there was no wildlife management in these areas, tigers were being poached easily. The same situation persists in areas outside other sanctuaries.He also drew attention of Deshmukh towards a government order of 2003 that area under protection of a forest guard should be between 500-750 hectares. However, forest guards are routinely looking after over 1,500 hectares and also performing multiple other assignments. Deshmukh, who is aware of wildlife issues grappling Vidarbha, agreed with Dhotre demands of secret funds for intelligence gathering, a forensic lab for wildlife in Nagpur, rescue centre in Chandrapur, forest fire protection etc.He promised to take up the demands with forest minister Patangrao Kadam and secretary Praveen Pardeshi. Deshmukh even called up Kadam from the venue and talked to him over phone. Kadam also talked to Dhotre. Deshmukh appealed to Dhotre to call off the fast.However, Pardeshi has called a meeting at Mumbai to discuss the demands raised by Dhotre on Friday. A four-member team has left for Mumbai to meet Pardeshi. Meanwhile, chief wildlife warden SWH Naqvi on Thursday wrote to Dhotre on status of various demands raised by him. The outcome of the fast will depend on the talks with Pardeshi, sources in Dhotre camp said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14700950", "title": "Court orders demolition of illegal building", "text": "CHENNAI: Sending a strong message against the rampant illegal constructions in Tamil Nadu and the nexus between advocates and law-breakers, the Madras high court has ordered the demolition of a six-storey building off Anna Salai here. Besides imposing an exemplary cost of Rs 1 lakh on a woman who constructed the building, a division bench directed the state Bar council to debar an advocate who was the brain behind the illegality.The bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal said: \"If persons like the third respondent (Mumtaz Begum, who constructed the building), who do not have any respect for the law of the land, are left unpunished, it will send wrong signals to millions of miscreants in the society that they can drag on the proceedings in different legal fora for one reason or the other, and can enjoy the benefits of such illegal and unauthorized construction activities.\"Holding advocate A N F Md Iqbal guilty of \"championing the illegal desire of Mumtaz Begum,\" the bench said: \"We are pained to observe the deterioration of moral and ethical values in the noble profession and, therefore, feel that this is the fittest case to refer the issue to the Bar Council of Tamil Nadu for taking appropriate action against him. He be barred from practicing for supporting the cause of a person who has least respect for the law of the land.\"The property on Aziz Mulkh First Street at Thousand Lights, belonging to the Muslim Education Society, had been leased out to Mumtaz Begum, who has approached a civil court for an order to pay rent. While the suit is still pending, she started constructing a multi-storeyed building on the land. The society filed approached the high court, saying the construction was on without any plan approval from the CMDA and Chennai Corporation. On their part, the civic authorities said they had issued stop work notice once, and even demolished the building by drilling holes on its roof. The violators had, however, built it again. Though their regularization application was rejected, they have filed an appeal before the CMDA, they said.Justice Elipe Dharma Rao, writing the judgment for the bench, pointed out that despite repeated queries from the bench, Mumtaz Begum was unable to furnish any proof to show that the building plan was approved. \"It is quite amazing to note that without getting any permission or approval from the authorities concerned, she had the audacity to go on with her construction even though it was demolished once...No scrap of paper, authorizing her to construct, has been produced before us. This would clearly establish her audacity and disrespect for the law of the land.\"As for the advocate's role, Justice Elipe Dharma said: \"It is pathetic that for her illegal activities, a practicing advocate has rendered all his cooperation, including erecting a 'to let' banner with his name and mobile number at the illegally constructed building.\" The bench then directed the CMDA and the Chennai Corporation to demolish the building within two weeks, and asked Mumtaz Begum to pay the cost of Rs 1 lakh to the Tamil Nadu State Legal Services Authority within two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14698873", "title": "Swami Vivekananda a Presidency University alumnus? 132-yr-old coupon claims so", "text": "KOLKATA: A voucher for Rs 22 in the name of Narendranath Dutta - preserved carefully for 132 years - has inspired Presidency University to claim Swami Vivekananda as an alumnus.The authorities of Scottish Church College, from where the Swami graduated in 1883, are surprised by Presidency's claim. Both institutions - barely 2km apart on College Street - are gearing up to celebrate the Swami's 150th birth anniversary.Narendranath Dutta had taken admission in the general stream of Presidency College in 1880. \"He studied in Presidency for the whole year. His attendance and performance were fine. However, in 1881 he fell ill and could not attend classes. Rather than repeat a year, he chose to leave,\" said Bivas Chowdhury, secretary of the Presidency University Aumni Association.Narendranath moved to Scottish Church College, then known as the General Assemblies Institution. College records say that he studied philosophy, English and Bengali from 1881-83 and passed his 'BA First' from here. \"Naturally, he is our alumnus. I didn't know that he had studied in Presidency too,\" said a surprised principal J Abraham. \"We have charted out a year-long programme to commemorate this landmark year,\" he said.The college takes credit for the spiritual awakening of Narendranath. \"As a student, Narendranath had got close to Reverend William Hastie, who taught English. It was while teaching Shakespeare in class one day that Hastie explained the meaning of the word 'trance' and it changed Narendranath's life forever,\" said Abraham, checking memoirs of Hastie that are treasured by the college.After the class, Narendranath met Hastie to tell him that the word 'trance' had stirred deep emotions in him. Rev Hastie narrated to him the story of Ramakrishna of Dakshineshwar and suggested that he meet him for a \"life changing experience\". The rest is history.The Presidency alumni association has a copy of the admission voucher of \"Narrendra Nath Datta\". Writer Shankar, who is also a scholar of Ramakrishna and Vivekananda studies, treasured the voucher for years and gave a copy to the Presidency alumni. The bill (No. 78), which says Datta paid Rs 22 for his scholarship for the year, will be shown to Governor M K Narayanan at the inauguration of the events to mark the Swamiji's 150th birth anniversary at Presidency on July 7.A musical soiree, directed by thespian Bibhas Chakraborty, a Presidency alumnus, will be the highlight of the evening. It will have a 10 of the Swami's most favourite songs - including Mon Chalo Nijo Niketane, Hriday Basana Purno Holo, Tomarei Koriyachi Jibonero Dhrubo Tara, Nahi Surya Nahi Jyoti and Koto Dine Hobe She Premo Sanchar - along with dramatic renditions. While some of these are popular Tagore songs, some are Girish Ghosh creations and some written by the Swamiji himself.Scottish Church College will hold a series of events through the year to remember Swami Vivekananda. By the end of July, Scottish Church College will also announce its national level seminars and conferences based on Vivekananda's philosophy of life, said Abraham. The college plans a building after Swamiji. We have applied for funds from the ministry of culture for the celebrations. We hope to hear in the affirmative soon,\" he said.Writer Shankar confirmed that he had handed over a copy of the bill to the erstwhile Presidency College. He added in jest, \"It seems that unless you drop out of Presidency College, you can never become a legend! Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose and Swami Vivekananda are two glaring examples.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14702978", "title": "\u2018God particle\u2019 excites science buffs", "text": "LUDHIANA: The discovery of \"God particle\" has caused much excitement among the young science community of the city, just as it has left the enthusiasts across the world with a hope that this sub-atomic particle will reveal benefits for mankind.A masters student in chemistry from Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) Surbhi Gupta says when the news flashed on TV, she felt happy for the scientists who were involved in this research. \"I am sure discovering the so called \"Higgs boson\" would also serve humanity,\" she adds.Haibowal resident Manpreet Kaur, who is pursuing her masters in biochemistry, says \"I am sure the discovery of God particle will help in a better scientific understanding of the creation of universe.\"A masters student in nematology, Harjot Singh says, \"Discovery of any new particle helps a great deal to unlock the mysteries of universe. This discovery will not only be beneficial to physicists but God particle will also help research in biology and chemistry.\" Satvir Singh Hans, a bachelors student of veterinary sciences at PAU, says, \"I am sure the scientists will soon come up with its significance. Its discovery is a boon to humanity.\"With the world going gaga over the Higgs boson particle, budding scientists from Ludhiana to share their views of the same. \"The subatomic particles not only help in research, but also have widespread use in health care, food industry and nuclear energy generation,\" says Satvir Singh Hans, a bachelors student of veterinary sciences at PAU.A research fellow in plant pathology and Raj Guru Nagar resident Harpreet Kaur says physics continues to change our lives with the discovery of this new particle. \"From iPhones to computers, all these equipment use our knowledge on the sub-atomic particles. \"God particle\" will bring another revolution in our lives,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14696423", "title": "Sanitation project in limbo", "text": "HUBLI: With the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) delaying identifying beneficiaries for the integrated sanitation programme, people living below the poverty line in the twin cities are once again being denied the opportunity to live a better life.Even two years after the project was launched, the HDMC has not shown much interest to complete the survey of beneficiaries on time and submit a report to the government to fast-track the proceedings.In the absence of proper sanitation facilities, these people of a lesser god are forced to go through the ignominy of attending nature's call in the open and living in unhygienic conditions.The much-hyped sanitation programme, funded by both the central government and the state government, is aimed at providing toilet facilities for all the BPL families.In 2009, the municipal corporations in the state were asked to conduct a survey to identify the beneficiaries and submit a report to the government. Under the project, each family will get Rs 9,000 for the construction ofa toilet and another Rs 1,000, if they do not have a safety tank.According to sources, the NGO, which was vested with the responsibility to conduct the door-to-door survey, has abandoned the project abruptly citing difficulty in getting documents from people. Though it undertook the work in 2010, it made no headway.The corporation is now planning to call fresh tenders for the survey.NGO head Gurushantappa told TOI that they covered 5,000 BPL families during the survey and found it difficult to collect all the documents from them.\"If the corporation is ready to give the work again, we will finish it soon,\" he claimed.HDMC special officer S H Naregal admitted that there is a delay in the process as the NGO failed to collect all the required details from the beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698012", "title": "Second list for non-collegiate BA/BCom out", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University announced the second cutoff list for admissions to BA/BCom programme of the non-collegiate women's education board on Thursday for the academic year 2012-13.BA programme has been closed for admissions in Janki Devi Memorial College and Sri Guru Gobind Singh College of Commerce, while admission to BCom has been closed in Hans Raj and Sri Guru Gobind Singh College of Commerce for general candidates. Overall cutoff has decreased by up to 3% at the other centres. But seats for reserved categories are open for admissions across all centres.Based on these cutoffs, admissions to the above courses will be offered by different centres of the board. There are 13 centres here \u2014 at Hansraj, Lakshmibai, Kalindi, Shyama Prasad Mukherjee College, Jesus and Mary College, Maitreyi College, Sidharth International School, Maharaja Agrasen College, Janki Devi Memorial, Mata Sundri, Bharati College, Sri Guru Gobind Singh College of Commerce and PGDAV College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14698137", "title": "Romance blooms in pursuit of physics", "text": "KOLKATA: Love for physics got them together. And in between shuttling in and out of research laboratories in Europe and USA, Subir Sarkar and Suchandra Datta discovered they had more in common than just an affinity for matter and mass.They fell in love at Tata Institute for Fundamental Research, got married after passing out, and have spent the better part of their marital life in pursuit of the God particle.Subir and Suchandra are members of SINP's high-profile CMS group.Their assignments have kept them apart for months, even years. While Sarkar worked at the CMS laboratory in Rome, Suchandra was stationed at Pisa. They would get to meet once a week. \"When she worked in the USA, we could talk just once a week and wouldn't meet for months. Scientists don't have a social life. For the first 15 years of marriage, we hardly got to meet,\" said Sarkar.They both did their masters at North Bengal University, where they realized they had developed a chemistry in the pursuit of physics. They both loved reading Sunil Gangopadhyay, Sirshendu Mukhopadhyay and Samaresh Basu. Subir topped the university, Suchandra came second. Sharing a passion for research, they headed for TIFR in 1991 and got married in 1993.\"Initially, I had a reservation against their marriage\", said Suchandra's mother Mamata Dutta. \"It was not for Subir as groom. I rather feared that there would be an ego clash because they are in the same subject. But they proved me wrong.\" As always, they journeyed to Italy together.\"Once you chose research as a profession, you must sacrifice social life. We could not meet for months,\" said Subir. Whenever they got the chance, they ran off to villages in Italy. \"That was all our enjoying together apart from our experiments\", said Suchandra.Doctoral and post doctoral degrees came all in the way of experiments. Staying in Italy for years and going to Chicago for months, have indeed done a lot for both of them. \"Could we ever think that we could come across so many Nobel laurets at a time?\", said Subir. Further the attitude of the Italians and the work atmosphere there never allowed them to look at themselves.\"But when we tried to come back after spending seven years in Italy, we found there was no job for us here,\" laughed Suchandra. None of the institutes or universities in India found them \"suitable\". Finally, thanks to the director of Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics, the couple could return home in 2011.Embarrassed with the celebrity tag, Subir still laments, \"The collection of Sagarmoy Ghosh is still not completed. Even the writings of Kamalkumar Majumder bought recently are untouched.\" They found time to scribble poems on Facebook. Suchandra, on the other hand, yearns to talk to her mother at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14697204", "title": "Newly elected Yeshwant Club team to assume charge today", "text": "INDORE: With the Yeshwant Club's newly elected managing committee all set to assume charge after the swearing-in ceremony on Friday, the election of Sunil Bajaj to the post of its secretary has attracted controversy.Two members of the club have come up with an allegation against him.Two members of the club, Santosh Wagle and Praveen Kasliwal, have complained before the election committee of the club in connection with the election of Bajaj. The committee submitted the copy of the complaint to the club's office on the plea that the power to look into the case was vested with its managing committee alone.This new development unfolded just a day ahead of the oath taking ceremony of the newly elected members to be held on the club premises from 8.30 PM on Friday.According to the complaint, Bajaj didn't pay the membership fee due to the club for a certain period during the past fiscal.The complainants questioned that how a defaulter could contest the election, claimed the club sources quoting the complaint.However, Bajaj rejected the charges and termed it as baseless. Bajaj said, \"I have been elected by the members of the club to the post of secretary and have paid all the membership fee dues on time. Hence, there was no room for any doubt regarding my election.\"Kailash Trivedi, who was the chief election officer for the poll at the club on June 24, said, \"The two complainants submitted a one-page complaint with me at 10.30 AM half an hour before the beginning of the election. It was the managing committee, which had given me the names of electorates and the candidates.\"Trivedi asked how his name was dragged into the controversy. \"I handed over the copy of the complaint to the managing committee to take a further view on it and got busy in the conduct of the poll. I had briefed all the contesting members about the code of conduct at 9.30 AM the same day. But, nobody came to me with any complaint,\" he pointed outThe newly elected managing committee is believed to be in favour of Bajaj, who was elected from the panel of Bholu Mehta. Earlier, talking to ToI immediately after his re-election to the post of chairman of the club, Paramjit Singh Chhabra 'Pummy' had made it clear that post election, all nine executive members were one. Meanwhile, a meeting was going on the row at the club at the time of the filing of this story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "14700257", "title": "JMM tenders apology to Sangma", "text": "RAMGARH: Deputy CM and JMM leader Hemant Soren has apologized to former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma for not giving him the JMM's support in the presidential elections. Hemant said despite belonging to the tribal community and the JMM having the tradition of struggling for tribals in the state, the party has decided not to back Sangma because of political reasons.Though the JMM is yet to declare it's stand on the presidential polls and party supremo Shibu Soren is authorized to take the final decision on the issue, Hemant gave clear indications that his party would not extend it's support to Sangma while talking to the media prior to participating at the Jharkhand Colliery Mazdoor Union (JCMU) convention in Rajrappa late on Wednesday evening.\"The JMM has some political reasons for which party is unable to extend support to NDA-backed tribal candidate Purno A Sangma,\" Hemant said adding that although Sangma deserved the top post but party (JMM) cannot overlook the contributions of former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "14700222", "title": "Scuffle between circle officer &amp; politician takes an ugly turn", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu superintendent of police Anoop T Mathew has asked Paton police to stay the arrest of BJP president Sharwan Mishra, accused of manhandling circle officer (CO) Alok Kumar.Mathew said a thorough and transparent inquiry would be conducted into the matter, adding the circle officer lodged an FIR against Mishra with the Paton police station but the latter's arrest has been put on hold at the moment.On the other hand Mishra said it was Kumar, who assaulted him but taking advantage of his official position rushed to the police station and got a criminal case lodged against him.Palamu BJP district president Manoj K Singh said Mishra would lodge a complaint with the court of the chief judicial magistrate, Daltonganj. Since it was a gazetted holiday on Thursday, the complaint would be filed on Friday.A pending pond work in Paton has been awaiting fiscal clearance for quite some time. Mishra used to frequent the office of the CO to discuss work progress in this regard. However, on July 4, tempers rose from both the sides while discussing the project leading to a scuffle.Sources said the CO accused Mishra of maltreating him while Mishra accused the CO of assaulting him.Singh told ToI on Thursday that no officer is free to take law in his hand and this CO had crossed his limits.The BJP president has asked for a detailed investigation into the issue and the circumstances under which the pond work has been languishing for weeks.The pond was recommended under MPLAD (local area development) scheme by Rajya Sabha member Jai Prakash Narain Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14708811", "title": "There\u2019s no harm in copying West: Hariharan", "text": "In town, Hariharan says though he had offers to join politics and has done movies, he wants to be remembered only as a singerYou have sung for Tamil, Hindi, Malayalam, Kannada, Marathi, Bhojpuri, Bengali and Telugu films. Which language or singing style do you enjoy the most? I enjoy singing in Urdu the most. I love this language and would love to sing more in this language. The beauty of ghazals is best expressed through Urdu.You have been conferred with the Padma Shri award and have bagged the National Award twice. What impact do awards/prizes have on artistes? They are inspiring. Getting some awards like Padma Shri reminds one that he has contributed something to the country. It gives an artiste immense pleasure since he/she gets recognition from the nation.You have two bachelor degrees in science and law. Isn't music a different cup of tea from your academic pursuits? Not at all. One only needs to have love for music. Your educational background has nothing to do with your creativity.Both Mehdi Hassan and Jagjit Singh have passed away. Who do you think will carry forward the ghazal legacy in their absence? I have had three gurus in my life \u2014 my mother (Alamelu), Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan and Mehdi Hassan. In fact, Mehdi Hassan is my ruhani guru. I can't say who will carry forward the tradition but I am very serious about ghazals. I strongly believe that till romance exists, ghazals will have takers.Who are your favourite music directors? How is your relationship with AR Rahman? There are many music directors whom I like. So, it's difficult to choose one name. AR Rahman is like my younger brother. In fact, I have worked with him in more than 100 songs. We share a terrific chemistry.You have sung more than 500 Tamil songs and nearly a hundred Hindi numbers. Which song comes to your mind first when a request is made to you to sing something? It all depends on my mood. I usually sing the song that I am humming at that very moment. You have acted in a Tamil film, \" Power of Women \", and have done cameos in the Tamil film, \"Boys\", and the Malayalam film, \" Millennium Stars \". Why didn't you take to full-fledged acting? (Laughs) Actually, after those films, nobody offered me any more roles. I wanted to concentrate on music. Perhaps that's the reason I am here, the place where I should be.Several sections of people, including those in the Hindi film and music industry, raise objections about roping in artistes from other countries, particularly from Pakistan. You have worked with many Pakistani artistes. Should borders exist between musicians? It's unfortunate that people try to create borders in the world of art and culture. But no border can prevent artistes from performing globally. Artistes can never be confined. We are global citizens.The new-age music directors and singers are accused of copying the West. Do you feel it's fair to say that new-age musicians are not that connected to tradition? Yes, but it's not a negative thing. Whatever we see around us is copied from the West. People in India wear Western clothes instead of dhoti and kurta. Musically also, the influence remains. There is nothing wrong in copying from them.What would be your message to new artistes? It's important to work hard and to know the roots. Riyaaz is very important for growth. Has the advent of television channels helped artistes to showcase their talents? It has become a medium for them to let their works get recognition. Channels are good for a budding artiste.How do you perceive Odisha? Odisha is a culturally very rich state. People here love art and tradition. I really enjoy performing here and would love to come here again.Recently, Rekhaji was nominated to the Rajya Sabha. Do you have any interest in politics? In fact, I had some offers in 2004-05, but couldn't join since I was too occupied with my music then. After that, I have never given a second thought to this idea. Eitherways, I want to be remembered only as a singer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699028", "title": "Mismanagement mars Institute of Engineering and Technology couselling process", "text": "LUCKNOW: Students and parents on Thursday were a troubled lot at the counselling process of the state entrance examination held on 20% centralised seats. The counselling conducted by Gautam Buddh Technical University ( GBTU) was marred by mismanagement.At Institute of Engineering and Technology (IET), students waited for their turns since morning only to know that they will be able to lock the seat on Friday. \"We waited since morning for our turn. But, the officials did not give us a clear view. When the situation got out of control, they asked the students to report again for counselling on Friday,\" said a student.Students also complained that the officials were themselves confused on the problem that prevented them from continuing the counselling. A parent who waited for her daughter's turn said, \"There is absolutely no rule. Till late in the night, only 10 students could lock their seats. The students were called randomly.\" Pathetic arrangements added to the woes. There were complaints of poor seating arrangements and system failure.Admitting the failure of the system, SEE admission co-ordinator, Prof VK Singh said, \"Waterlogging and networking issues led to a late start of the counselling problem. Since the problem could not be sorted out till late evening, we asked girls to first lock their seats. Students who could not lock their seats will be given a chance tomorrow.\" He added that at the two other centres in the city, the counselling was peaceful and ended in time. Students who will lock their choice will get an allotment letter a day after.BTE makes AICTE approval mandatory for counsellin: Board of Technical Education on Thursday directed managers and directors of all institutions that offer various diploma courses to the students to get approval from AICTE for admissions in 2012-13. Secretary, BTE said all such institutions that do not have AICTE approval will not be included in the counselling process. This means, that no admissions can take place in these institutions for the academic session 2012-13. In such a situation, the institutions will be answerable to the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699547", "title": "Punishment of kin too in sex test cases: Minister", "text": "PUNE: State health minister Suresh Shetty on Thursday said that besides erring doctors, family members of the pregnant woman who force her to undergo illegal sex determination test, should also be punished for violating the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prevention of Sex Determination) (PCPNDT) Act.Shetty was addressing the state supervisory board meeting held in Mumbai on Thursday to review the implementation of the PCPNDT Act. \"Our aim is to send a strong message to society. Whoever is party to violating the Act should be taken to task. Section 24 of the PCPNDT Act clearly says that if a woman is compelled by her husband or a family member, then they are liable for punishment, which can be imprisonment for three years or fine up to Rs 50,000,\" Shetty said.Minister of state for health Fauzia Khan said if a pregnant woman comes forward to complain against her family that she is being forced to undergo illegal sex determination test, she should be given a cash prize of Rs 25,000 as is given to people who pass on information about doctors doing sex determination test.Rajya Sabha MP Vandana Chavan, a member of the state supervisory board on the PCPNDT Act, said, \"Awareness level vis-a-vis the Act has improved tremendously. That's why more and more cases are coming into light.\"Chavan spoke about finding out reasons for acquittals in the cases filed against of doctors who violated the PCPNDT Act. \"Reasons of acquittals should also be investigated. The knowledge will equip authorities to file strong cases,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14701809", "title": "Keep fighting but don't be taken alive: Handlers to 26/11 attackers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Pakistani handlers of the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack believed for some time that three cabinet ministers and a cabinet secretary had been held in Hotel Taj and thought that they could demand anything from the Indian government for their release.This is what deported terrorist Ziabuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal told interrogators, and it has been corroborated with taped conversations between Pakistani handlers and the terrorist when they attacked two five-star hotels in 2008.Jundal, one of eight handlers in the control room monitoring the attack, said that when they learned that three VIPs were stuck inside the Taj, they were excited and informed their mentor Hafeez Saeed. Saeed is believed to instructed Abu Wassi to direct Abu Umer (one of five terrorists at the Taj) to find them and take them hostage.Jundal also spilled the beans on the handlers at the control room. He said that while Abu Wassi was coordinating with terrorists at the Taj, Zarar Jundal and Kahafa were giving instructions to two terrorists at Nariman House and Zarar and Wassi were controlling the two who attacked Hotel Oberoi.One of the accused arrested in the German Bakery blast case was told to recognize the voices of the handlers of 26/11. He identified one as that of Zabiuddin Ansari, who posed as Abu Jundal. The crime branch will take expert help to match the voices.\"The pure Hindi words like 'prashasan' and 'yuvak' have been used by handlers suggesting the involvement of some Indian,'' the officer added.Kasab, during interrogation, had named 13 Pakistanis who sent them off in Karachi to sail for Mumbai on November 23, 2008. Abu Jundal, Abu Kahafa, Abu Humza and Zaki-ur-Rahman Lakhvi were top among them. Crime branch officials said that they will arrest Jundal for at least nine offences in the 26/11 case.Once his crime branch custody ends, the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) will seek Jundal's custody in the Aurangabad arms haul case and German Bakery blast of Pune.Jundal who hails from Gevrai Taluka in Beed district was a student of Indian Technical Institute in Beed, had a sudden rise in the ranks of Lashker-e-Taiba after he was indoctrinate by banned SIMI post Gujarat riots in 2002.Jundal was arrested by the Delhi special cell last month after being deported from Saudi Arabia. Jundal left Pakistan in 2011 and was in Saudi Arabia to recruit fresh Indian faces when he was arrested by Saudi police and was handed over to India.Excerpts from the conversation:At Taj at 3.10am (November 27, 2008)Terrorists (T): Salam Aleikum SalamvalekomHandlers (H): Waalaikumsalam ValekomsalamH: There are three ministers and one secretary of the cabinet in your hotel. We don't know in which room.T: Oh! That is good news. It is the icing on the cake.H: Find those 3/4 persons and then get whatever you want from India.T: Pray that we find them.H: Do one thing. Throw one or two grenades on the navy and police teams, which are outside.T: Sorry. I simply can't make out where they are.At Nariman House at 7.45pm (November 27)T: Greetings, what did major-general say?H: Greetings. The major-general directed us to do what we like. We should not worry. The operation has to be concluded tomorrow morning. Pray to God. Keep two magazines and three grenades aside and spend the rest of your ammunition.H: The army claims to have done the work without any hostage being harmed. Another thing: Israel has made a request through diplomatic channels to save the hostages. If the hostages are killed, it will spoil relationship between India and Israel.At Taj at 1.26am (November 27)H: Are you setting the fire or not?T: Not yet. I am getting a mattress ready for burning.H: What did you do to the dead body (referring to bodies of two Tandels at M V Kuber)?T: Left it behind.H: What big mistake?T: When we were getting off the boat, waves were quite high and another boat came, everybody raised an alarm that navy had come. Everyone jumped quickly. In this confusion, the satellite phone of Ismail got left behind.H: The ATS chief has been killed. Your work is very important, Allah is helping you. The wazir (minister should not escape. Try to set the place on fire.T: We have set fire in four rooms.H: A lot of policemen and navy personnel have covered the entire area. Be brave.H: How many hostages do you have?T: We have one from Belgium. We have killed him.H: I hope there are no Muslims among them.T: None.H: Keep in mind that the hostages are of use only as long as you don't come under fire because of their safety. If you are still threatened, then don't saddle yourself with the burden of the hostages, immediately kill them.At Oberoi Hotel at 3.53amH: Brother Abdul, media is comparing your action to 9/11. One senior police officer has been killed.T: We are on 10/11th floor. We have five hostages.H: Everything is being recorded by media. Inflict the maximum damage. Keep fighting, don't be taken alive.H: Kill all hostages, except the two Muslims, keep your phone switched on so that we can hear the gunfire.T: We have three foreigners, including women from Singapore and China.Fresh plea on jundalThe city crime branch on Thursday once again moved an application before the Delhi court seeking the deported 26/11 conspirator Sayed Zabiuddin alias Abu Jundal from the custody of the special cell of the Delhi police. The court remanded Jundal to Delhi police's custody till July 15. The Mumbai police made an application stating that Ansari, who got the nickname Abu Jundal after he completed the physical and spiritual training in Pakistan, is a key accused in the 26/11 terror attack in which 166 persons were killed and more than 260 were injured in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700676", "title": "Fusion of local, global designs at House of MG", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As part of its continuing efforts to promote local artisans and crafts within the city, The House of MG hosts summer residencies every year for two international designers. This summer, product designer Pia Wustenberg from London and Chris Martin , associate professor for Furniture and Wood Design at Iowa State University in the US were the resident designers.In the six-week residency, the designers spent the first week getting acquainted with the city and interacting with the local crafts community, understanding different production techniques and local materials. During the residency, the designers and artisans exchanged design ideas, shared working techniques and learned about each other and their respective cultures. The residency culminates on Friday in the form of an exhibition of products which Pia and Chris developed with local artisans.Pia has closely worked with the Kalamkhush paper factory and women from Manav Sadhana. Using traditional techniques, an exquisite line of contemporary paper lamps and other objects have been made from paper pulp. Chris interacted with a variety of artisans to design his products - a wardrobe and luggage rack using wood and metal as the predominate materials. His inspiration has been the metal workers and the architectural details of the old city.These products will be on display for public viewing on Friday in the Agashiye Lounge and Garden at The House of MG from 6 to 7.30 pm. The visitors will also be able to interact with the local artisans involved in the making of the products along with the designers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14696708", "title": "Reopen BRT bus lane for mixed traffic: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Granting relief to commuters who frequent the BRT corridor, the Delhi high court on Thursday allowed motorists to utilize the bus lane on the stretch.Brushing aside objections by the state government, the court went by the statement of an official of Central Road Research Institute \u2014 the body conducting tests on the efficacy of the stretch \u2014 that traffic movement was smoother during the trial run when all vehicles were allowed on the bus lane.\"Let it be reopened. The transport department is directed to continue the same arrangement which was made during the trial run,\" a division bench of acting chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said while hearing a PIL seeking the opening of the corridor for all.HC asked the transport department to continue with the arrangement made by the CRRI during the experimental trial run on BRT between May 12 and May 23 till it takes a decision after CRRI submits its final report. The court also directed the research institute to expedite its work and file the report by July 12.HC's direction came on the plea by NGO Nyaya Bhoomi for restoring the vehicle movement on the corridor, which had been discontinued by the government after the trial run. The NGO sought modification of the court's earlier order which directed CRRI to restart the trial run. Pointing out that the transport department refused to heed CRRI's request to continue with the interim arrangement, the NGO urged HC to issue orders to the department to resume the trial run rather than giving the task to the CRRI, which is a research institute.Referring to the CRRI's interim report, the NGO said the institute had also given its nod to continue with the trial run. The CRRI report said that the experiment had proved very effective; almost all vehicles crossed during one cycle and there was no traffic jam.\"The concept plan has received excellent response from commuters as well as the print and electronic media,\" said the CRRI report. The NGO recalled that on May 30 the court had left it to the discretion of CRRI to fix the period till which the trial run should be continued.\"In spite of clear recommendation of CRRI, the Delhi Integrated Multi-Modal Transit System (DIMTS) Ltd reverted to the previous system of movement from 24 May 2012. This has again caused major inconvenience to the public as before. It is not as per the spirit of the court order,\" said the petitioner.The NGO said that the productive time of the public is being wasted due to long commuting time on the corridor. The court was hearing a petition file through the NGO's founder B B Sharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701475", "title": "Gujjars need a united front: Pilot", "text": "JAIPUR: The Gujjar leaders who held a community mahapanchayat near Sikandra in Dausa district on Thursday constituted a 31-member committee to review achievements of the quota agitations so far.The mahapanchayat called by Congressman Attar Singh Bhadana failed to get support from prominent community leaders like Kirori Singh Bainsla, and Union minister Sachin Pilot . The All India Gujjar Mahaparishad also opposed the mahapanchayat, calling it politically motivated.Pilot said instead of speaking in different voices, the community required to present a united front to get the quota demand fulfilled. \"If the community speaks in one voice, it will have a greater impact. Saying different things from different fronts will only lead to confusion,\" Pilot told reporters in Jaipur.The Union minister maintained that the Congress government in the state was doing its part to fulfill the Gujjars' quota demand. \"The OBC commission has been constituted to study the quantifiable data. I am hopeful that the commission will submit its report soon,\" Pilot said.He added that the community needed to have patience so that the legal requirements to get the quota law, which is currently held up in the high court, cleared.The Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti spokesperson Himmat Singh Gujjar said Bhadana called the meeting simply for political motives. \"Now, that the assembly elections are approaching, people like Bhadana are attempting to get community support using the quota demand,\" Himmat Singh Gujjar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14701319", "title": "Accused Malkhan still gets \u2018special\u2019 treatment", "text": "JODHPUR: Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, one of the main accused in abduction and murder case of Bhanwari Devi , continues to enjoy \"special\" treatment by authorities, and it was clearly visible in the court on Thursday.He not only kept the police waiting to take him back to jail but also had a chat with Paras Ram Bishnoi, his brother and co-accused in the case in the court room for about 10 minutes. Even after coming out of the court he remained surrounded by his family members, relatives and supporters and kept talking to them with the police not only allowing him to do so but also waiting for him until he decided to sit in the police vehicle parked for him.He also found support from the police in thwarting the media in the court, when he and his supporters objected to the media taking his pictures and visuals while standing beside the police vehicle and police waiting for him to sit in the vehicle. This objection led to some heated arguments between the media and his supporters, which was also joined by the police.It is evident many supporters and family members of Malkhan Singh and Paras Ram assemble in the court during every hearing. During one such hearing, Malkhan Singh has also threatened the media with dire consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698353", "title": "Security audit needed to prevent such attacks: Police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay", "text": "NAGPUR: City police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay on Thursday stressed the need for a security audit of Nagpur district and sessions court to prevent another attack like the one on Thursday inside the courtroom during a trial. Speaking to the media during his visit to the court, Dhanvijay said the attack was totally unexpected.\"Even if court officials had given us an inkling about the sensitivity of the case, we would have deployed more police personnel. We generally do it for cases related to Naxals and other criminals, to prevent an untoward incident like the one today,\" he said.The CP refuted charges that the attackers were carrying weapons during the incident. \"We have already deployed 75 policemen, including six officers. Many of them are deployed in front of sensitive courtrooms. All gates are manned by our men, who keep strict watch on visitors,\" he informed.Dhanvijay, however, acknowledged the need to beef up security in the premises of district court and other court buildings. District Bar Association (DBA) president Sudeep Jaiswal demanded elaborate security arrangements inside the premises in his meeting with Dhanvijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699290", "title": "Lucknow Development Authority to seek acquisition of 121 hectares in Sultanpur Road", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Development Authority on Thursday, decided to seek acquisition of 121 hectares of land belonging to the animal husbandry department in Sultanpur Road.The land happens to be one of the crucial slots that the state government has been eyeing for the proposed IT city. LDA vice-chairman, Dr Rajnish Dubey said that the authority will be asking the district administration to do the job in case the department gives its nod.Likewise, the LDA is also seeking 20 hectares of land belonging to Lucknow Industrial Development Authority. Dubey said that the land will be transferred to the industrial development department.The two are part of 1,100 hectares of land that the LDA seeks to add to its land bank for the overall growth of the state capital. The V-C said that the land chunk will be used not only for housing schemes, but also setting up commercial areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14699589", "title": "Govt incentive for Goans to join defence forces", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has framed the scheme 'Goa grant of monetary incentives for Goan youth who have joined armed of the India union scheme 2012' to encourage Goan youths to join armed forces .As per the scheme 1 lakh will be given to Goan youth who are commissioned in the armed forces through the union public service commission (UPSC), or as permanent commissioned officers from the National Defence Academy (NDA), the Indian Military Academy (IMA), or the Naval or Air Force academies.\"Goan youth who are commissioned to the armed forces of the Indian union through the UPSC as short service commissioned officers from the officers training academy, Naval academy or Air Force academy will get 50,000 as per the scheme\", Sneha Morajkar, under secretary, home department, said.The Goans who have joined the armed forces in any rank below the rank of commissioned officer are eligible for 25,000 incentive as per the scheme.\"On receipt of the application, the department of Sainik welfare shall send the case to the government through the home department for consideration and approval. After obtaining the approval of the government, the monetary incentive shall be disbursed in the form of a fixed deposit for a period of 5 years in the State Bank of India , in the name of the applicant,\" said Morajkar.To avail the scheme, the applicants must be of Goan origin, or born in Goa and domiciled in the state of Goa for a minimum period of 15 years. The personnel must also have joined the armed forces of the Indian union on or after the date of commencement of this scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kalikiri (chittoor)", "code": "14698164", "title": "Four policemen face rape charges", "text": "KALIKIRI (CHITTOOR): Two home guards and two constables are in the dock after they allegedly raped four teenage girls in Kalikiri mandal of Pileru constituency. A complaint was filed by the victims in Kalikiri police station on Thursday, seeking action against the accused cops.Home guards Nagaraja and Bhaskar and constables Yousuf and Rajesh, who were in an inebriated condition, misbehaved with the girls in the late hours of Wednesday. The girls hail from Orissa and are working as daily wagersat the Indiramma housing colony, which is coming up in the area, sources said. \"We have sent the cops to vacant registry. We will inquire into the incident and take appropriate action,\" said SI Somsekhar Reddy.Curiously, no case has been booked against the accused cops and home guards. Kalikiri is hardly one km from CM Kiran Kumar Reddy's native village of Nagarapalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14697767", "title": "UP lokayukta term extension under SC lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday entertained a petition challenging the Akhilesh Yadav government's first Cabinet decision to do what was statutorily impermissible \u2014 re-induct Justice N K Mehrotra as UP lokayukta after he had completed a six-year non-renewable term as the head of the watchdog.Petitioner advocate Mohd Saeed Siddiqui alleged that the decision to re-employ Justice Mehrotra was in contravention of Section 5 of the UP Lokayukta Act, 1975, which stipulates a person after completing his term of six years would not be entitled for reappointment as lokayukta or in any other capacity under the Uttar Pradesh government.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar issued notice to the UP government and sought an explanation in four weeks. It told petitioner's counsel Suruchii Aggarwal that it was not inclined to stay the ordinance extending the lokayukta's term to eight years.Justice Mehrotra was appointed Lokayukta on March 16, 2006 and his six-year term as per the 1975 Act came to an end on March 15, 2012, the day CM Akhilesh Yadav held the first Cabinet meeting of the SP government.In the meeting, it was decided to issue an ordinance amending the Lokayukta Act but the governor did not approve it. Three days later, another ordinance seeking retrospective implementation of the amendment to the Act was sent to the governor, who gave assent to it. The amendment, which came into effect from March 22, extended the term of lokayukta to eight years.The petitioner said even if the amendment was taken to be legally sound, Justice Mehrotra on March 22 had retired as Lokayukta after completing his six-year tenure and incurred the disqualification for re-appointment.Hence, he could not have continued as lokayukta as the disqualification had not been removed by the amendment, he argued.Siddiqui said, \"The office of the lokayukta is one of the highest offices in the state government conferred with the power of being the watchdog on the highest executive and political authority of the state.\"\"Once the occupier of such an office ceases to hold the same and incurs a disqualification to re-enter the office, he cannot be given a back door entry by retrospective amendment of the Act and continuity to occupy the office after a factual gap of seven days,\" he said.He added, \"The umbilical cord between the holder of the office and the office having been broken on March 16, the same cannot and should not have been reunited by the amending ordinance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14707494", "title": "Eros moves HC to wind up Ashtavinayak", "text": "It is raining trouble for Ashtavinayak ever since reports of cheque bouncing and legal wrangles came to the fore. On June 25, we told you about film financer Raju Shah moving court against Ashtavinayak over dues worth Rs 36 crore and dishonoured cheques worth Rs 8 crore.Not just Shah, even Eros International had filed a legal suit against the production house over dues amounting to Rs 8 crore.The dispute has intensified. As TOI can reveal, Eros International has filed a 'winding up petition' against Ashtavinayak in the Bombay High Court as on June 21. A winding up petition cites financial crisis in a company as a reason for it be shut down.This is how the court drama has played out so far. In May 2011, Eros International issued a public notice in a trade magazine, claiming Ashtavinayak had breached the Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) signed between the two production houses for three Rohit Shetty films, including Bol Bachchan (starring Ajay Devgn and Abhishek Bachchan ), Golmaal 4 (starring Ajay Devgn, Tusshar Kapoor , Arshad Warsi and Kareena Kapoor ), and a yet untitled film starring Akshay Kumar.Under the MOA, the copyrights of the said films vest jointly with both parties in a 50:50 ratio. Eros alleged that Ashtavinayak, in a breach of the MOA, tried to create third-party rights of the satellite rights of the three films by licensing them to a certain channel. The Eros-vs-Ashtavinayak case came up for hearing before Justice B R Gavai, who passed an order on June 22. Eros was represented by senior counsel D'Vitre along with R M Azim while Ashtavinayak was represented by advocate Pranav Sampat, instructed by Thakore Jariwala &amp; Associates.Eros, in their application, requested the court to seize the right, title, interest and shares of Ashtavinayak in Bol Bachchan , including copyrights of the company in the film to the extent of Rs 8 crore. The court has now directed its officers to start the process of seizure of the said property and rights.Despite repeated attempts, Eros International and Ashtavinayak remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14702333", "title": "Farmers to soon get 10% developed plots in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Following numerous protests by farmers, the Noida Authority has finally decided to restart resolving their pending disputes. Authority CEO, Sanjeev Saran, has now assured farmers that the process of allotting 10% developed plots in lieu for acquired land, which has remained at a standstill for the last seven months, will soon be resumed.Saran has directed all departments to compile the list of villages where farmers are yet to receive the plots as well details where some plots have been allotted. \"The departments have been asked to also prepare a list of available developed plots that can be allotted. Farmers will be given plots in phases,\" Saran said. Sources say once details are compiled, the allotment procedure will begin from Sultanpur village.As per the Allahabad high court, all farmers whose land has been acquired are entitled to developed plots equalling 10% of their total land among several other compensation and rehabilitation benefits. Villagers of 54 villages in Noida are entitled to the developed plots, but due to shortage of vacant land and other technical difficulties, Noida Authority had decided to distribute it in phases. In October last year, the Authority had released a list of 2,663 farmers in 35 villages who were entitled to get the plots. Villagers in 13 villages were even given their due.The allotment has remained stalled for the last seven months due to frequent transfers of officials, shortage of land, prevalence of model code of conduct due to polls, among other reasons. The Authority has to allot a total of around 4 lakh sqm land to the farmers. However, it has so far only managed to identify and allot around 1.5 lakh sqm of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14700031", "title": "Telegrams from farmers to flood Manmohan's office", "text": "RANCHI: \"Manmohan ko de do taar, fasal ka laabhkaari mulya de sarkaar (send telegrams to Manmohan Singh so that the government gives profitable price for crops).\" With this slogan, the farmer's wing of the BJP is gearing up for the kharif season. After convening meeting with farmers at different places in the country the BJP Kisan Morcha has worked out input cost of paddy cultivation for the year 2012-13.Accordingly, the leaders have worked out a profitable margin for farmers and requested the government to announce the minimum support price for paddy at Rs1800 per quintal for low grade and Rs 2025 per quintal for high variety paddy. The Kisan Morcha has directed BJP workers to ensure that telegram messages are sent from the block post offices through out the state to the PMO in which farmers would put their signature on a printed format of demand.The demands include profitable price for the food grains, disbursement of production bonus to them to compensate for their profit margin in case the minimum support price was not raised as per demand, protection against market fluctuations of price and compensation at the rate of Rs.10,000 per acre in case of natural calamity.Talking to the media, the BJP Kisan Morcha national vice-president Ravindra Rai said the condition of farmers is deplorable despite the fact that India is agrarian economy. \"The process of determination of MSP starts with sowing of the seeds and unless pressure is mounted on the government the farmers would be left to suffer under burden of loan,\" he said. Rai reminded that despite repeated demands sent by the state government last year, the stock of fertilizer released by Union government for Jharkhand was inadequate.\"As against the demand for 1.75 lakh metric tonne of fertilizer centre has approved only 88,000 metric tonne and the supply is very slow,\" Rai said stressing that delayed monsoon has given some margin to the Centre for supply but further delay may be problematic.Rai also called upon the state government, particularly the departments managed by JMM ministers, to be sympathetic to the farmers. He said for the first time the state government made an arrangement to purchase paddy from the farmers directly. \"But unfortunately due to shortage of money at many places farmers have not yet been paid for the paddy that they sold to the LAMPS and PACS,\" he said. The state government in a recent meeting of the council of ministers approved Rs100 crore for the department of cooperative, food and civil supplies to pay for pending bills of farmers.Rai said since farmers need to invest during the sowing season, the government must clear their dues within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14702133", "title": "2 officials axed after Anna library fiasco", "text": "CHENNAI: The fiasco over letting out the Anna Centenary Library auditorium for a marriage reception earlier this week has cost two employees in the state information department their jobs. A deputy director, O L Ravindran, who was in charge of memorials, and a public relations officer (PRO), P Murugesan, have been relieved of their duties.While the order relieving Ravindran from duty was issued on Wednesday, Murugesan was transferred to Tirunelveli corporation on Tuesday. He was also relieved from his duty at Anna Library the same day. But instructions were later given to the corporation not to permit him to join duty there. In effect, both the officials are under suspension, though there is no formal order.Both have been charged with dereliction of duty.Interestingly, senior officials who had significant roles to play have gone scot free. \"The order letting out the building was signed by an IAS officer with the full knowledge of another senior IAS officer. But once the matter was dragged to the court after TOI reported misuse of premises, the two IAS officials misled the chief minister's office and found two scapegoats to save their own skin,\" said an official. The first bench of the high court had ordered on July 2 that the library should not be rented out for other purposes. It also ordered that the government should return any advance, if collected.The matter is now pending before the Madras high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "machilipatnam", "code": "14700707", "title": "Entry to Manginapudi beach banned", "text": "MACHILIPATNAM: Entry to the Manginapudi beach near here has been banned by the district administration following a series of mishaps at the tourist spot in Krishna district.On Monday night, two youths were feared drowned when they went for a swim in the sea. At least 12 persons have died in various incidents in the last six months.\"The beach is frequently visited by youths and revellers in odd hours. Most of them enter the deep waters unaware of the depth of the sea and lose their lives,\" a local fisherman Kanakaraju said. He also pointed out several people getting into the waters in inebriated condition resulting in fatalities. Local fishermen have been trying to impress upon the authorities to open up the breaches in the beach so that people would know the depth of the sea.Sources said despite several pleas, the officials have not bothered to set up safety nets in danger-prone areas along the beach. \"They should erect huge sign boards highlighting safety measures and indicating the sea's rough conditions to create awareness among the visitors, especially the youth,\" pointed out a former municipality official. Local MLA and government whip Perni Venkatramaiah alias Nani promised that safety measures at the beach would be upgraded. He also promised the locals that the beach would be opened for tourists soon after improving", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701558", "title": "Many years of work buried under debris", "text": "JAIPUR: The collapse of the science department building at RU fortunately did not take a toll on human life but the scholars of various streams have lost their valuable research papers in the debris on Thursday.The building had labs and classes for those pursuing research in chemistry, physics and mathematics. After receiving the news of collapse, many students reached the building and were seen pleading with their teachers to help retrieve their papers.Many were shocked when they realized that their years of sweat and blood got destroyed.However, rather than sympathizing with the students, the teachers were seen asking as to why they put their important work including thesis, research papers and original documents in the cupboards.Naresh Singh was selected in the Ist grade teachers exam of RPSC and had kept his documents in the cupboard.\"I have to submit my original documents at the RPSC by July 8. Since I stay in a rented accommodation, I had kept these documents in the cupboard. Now I don't know what to do,\" Singh said.Professor RV Singh, head of chemistry department, was seen reprimanding students for keeping their original documents at the department.\"Why did you keep these documents in the cupboard?,\" he asked one of the students.In fact, many students had saved their thesis work in the hard disk of their computer in the building.\"My thesis was on the verge of submission. Both the hard copy and the saved copy are now under the debris. We have given our sweat and blood in completing the research work. It is the biggest loss of our life,\" said Swati Kulshreshta.However, there were some lucky ones like Gopichand, a research scholar of mathematics, who managed to retrieve the file containing his research work. \"Soonafter the building collapsed we saw some files under the debris. Before the arrival of authorities, I managed to get it. Thankfully it is intact,\" he said.Some girl students had tears in their eyes when they were told that the classrooms in which they had done their research work in the past four years are destroyed.\"The condition of the building was very bad. There was no drainage system. We have been telling our teachers to do the needful but they did not pay heed to us. How will I get my research papers back and important documents saved in the computer,\" asked Nidhi Sharma, who is pursuing PhD in Physics.By the evening, at least 100 students gathered outside the building. Most of them were praying for the retrieval of their documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700417", "title": "CBI seeks to attach assets in various scams", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Thursday filed a petition in the city civil court seeking attachment of various properties owned by Jagati Publications (publisher of Sakshi newspaper), Janani Infra and Indira Television ( Sakshi TV broadcaster) across the state.Similarly, CBI sought attachment of properties of Koneru Prasad and Sunil Reddy who are the accused in the Emaar scam case along with assets registered in the name of their family members.The CBI also sought attachment of various plots and flats acquired by former Satyam chief B Ramalinga Raju, the prime accused in the scam case involving his firm along with nine of his family members. The court served notices on Raju and associates and posted the case to August 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14696463", "title": "Govt schools to use Rs 1 cr aid to revamp infrastructure", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Five government schools, which received a financial assistance of Rs 1 crore each from the asset development fund sanctioned by the social welfare minister, will revamp their schools for better infrastructure and facilities. The schools will soon prepare a detailed project report.The schools that received this aid are Government Model Higher Secondary School; Government Ganapath Model Girls Higher Secondary School (Chalappuram), Meenchanda Government Vocational Higher Secondary School, Kinassery Government Vocational Higher Secondary School and Payyanakkal Government Vocational Higher Secondary School. All schools will construct more classrooms to tackle space shortage. Staff secretary of Government Ganapath Model Girls HSS N Basheer said the school lacks basic infrastructure facilities.\"The PWD wing, which conducted an inspection, will construct nine classrooms, but we need 35 more in the high school section alone. The school has 12 classrooms and nine classes are conducted in temporary sheds erected using asbestos sheets. Another 10 classes are housed at a shed erected by PTA. Now six classrooms are being constructed. We don't have a lab or library, sports complex, auditorium and school bus for children,\" said Basheer.Principal of Kinassery Government VHSS M Sayed Muhammed said the school plans to construct 15 classrooms including a conference hall, lab and library after demolishing a part of the school building. PTA members and councillors will chart a detailed plan after a meeting on Friday,\" he said. Meenchanda Government VHSS school authorities will construct a new building as 16 of their 65 classrooms are leaking and five classes are now conducted at the auditorium.Principal of Government VHSS Payyanakkal P Musthafa said they plan to construct a building that can accommodate 15 classrooms. The Government Model HSSwill revamp their building because many classrooms do not have enough space and power connection.Kozhikode: The five government schools that have received financial assistance of Rs 1 crore each from the asset development fund sanctioned by M K Muneer, who represents the Kozhikode constituency, will carry out developmental works to enhance infrastructure facility at the schools. The schools are busy holding meetings to prepare detailed project reports.All the schools give priority for construction of classrooms to resolve the existing shortage of classrooms. The schools that received financial aid are Government Model Higher Secondary School; Government Ganapath Model Girls Higher Secondary School, Chalappuram; Meenchanda Government Vocational Higher Secondary School; Kinassery Government Vocational Higher Secondary School and Payyanakkal Government Vocational Higher Secondary School.N Basheer, staff secretary of Government Ganapath Model Girls HSS, and Abdul Naseer, PTA president, said the school that registered 100% pass in this year's SSLC examination lacks basic infrastructure facilities. The PWD wing which conducted inspection has informed of constructing nine classrooms. The school needs 35 classrooms in the high school section alone. The school has 12 classrooms in the building, nine classes are being conducted on temporary sheds erected using asbestos sheets and another 10 classes at a shed erected by the PTA. The construction of six classrooms is progressing at the school. \"Even if we get nine classrooms the facility is not enough. We don't have laboratory, library, sports complex, auditorium and school bus for children, said Basheer.M Sayed Muhammed, principal of the Kinassery Government VHSS said the school is planning to construct 15 classrooms including conference hall, lab and library demolishing a portion of the existing school building. A meeting of the PTA and councillors will be held tomorrow at the school to prepare a detailed plan,\" he said.The Meenchanda Government VHSS school authorities are planning to construct a new building to resolve the shortage of classrooms. Of the 65 classrooms, sixteen are leaking and five classes are being conducted on the auditorium.P Musthafa, principal of the Government VHSS, Payyanakkal said they plan to construct a one storey building which can accommodate 15 classrooms. \"A decision regarding this will be taken in the forthcoming meeting,\" he said.The Government Model HSS is planning to take up infrastructure facility as many classrooms do not have enough space and electricity facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702005", "title": "Sarabjit lawyer to fight for Mumbai prisoner in Pakistan", "text": "MUMBAI: Awais Sheikh, counsel for Sarabjit Singh and other Indian prisoners in Pakistan, is preparing to file a writ petition in a Pakistani court seeking the release of Mumbai youth Bhavesh Parmar. The 32-year-old software engineer from Vile Parle is in Lahore's Kot Lakhpat Central Prison since eight years.Sheikh is scheduled to address a press meet in Lahore on Friday evening.Bhavesh's mother Hansaben was relieved to learn that there was hope. \"For a lone widow fighting a battle that involves two nations, I sometimes wonder if I will manage to get my son freed. Of course, I am receiving support from local legislator Krishna Hegde as well as activists in India and abroad, including Jatin Desai, Awais Shaikh and Jas Uppal,\" she said. Hansaben's daughter is married and lives in the western suburbs.Desai, a Mumbai journalist, helped secure power of attorney for Parmar's lawyer. \"We are hopeful that Bhavesh will return home sooner than later,\" he said. \"In fact, we have been demanding that both India and Pakistan release each other's prisoners including the elderly scientist Khalil Chisti who is on bail and must return to India by November 1.\"Pointing to the gravity of the need, Desai said that the body of an Indian fisherman, Ramji, who died in a Pakistani jail on May 25 will be repatriated to Mumbai on Monday. \"It has taken over five weeks to bring the corpse back,\" he says. \"His family in Gujarat is distraught.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14696859", "title": "No entrance test needed for MBBS NRI quota seats: Kerala govt tells court", "text": "KOCHI: Students seeking admission to MBBS courses at self-financing colleges through NRI quota need not appear for entrance examinations but can be admitted on the basis of merit as clarified by the Supreme Court, state government submitted to the Kerala high court.In an affidavit filed through government pleader Roshen D Alexander, health and family welfare department submitted to the court that the apex court ordered in May 1993 that students who get admission in NRI quota need not appear for the entrance examination prescribed by Medical Council of India.Later on, the NRI quota of 5% was raised to 15% by the Supreme Court in TMA Pai v State of Karnataka case in October 1993. The court had also extended the scope of NRI quota to include foreign students in addition to wards of non-resident Indians. State government also highlighted that the Supreme Court had ordered UGC, AICTE, Medical Council of India and central and state governments to regulate or fix a ceiling on fees for NRI quota in TMA Pai case.When the apex court considered the issue of NRI quota again in 2005 in PA Inamdar v State of Maharashtra case, the court had directed that a suitable legislation or regulation needs to be framed to prevent misuse or malpractice of NRI quota. The court had also ruled that as long as the state government doesn't enact a legislation, admission supervisory committee should regulate admissions to NRI quota, government submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14710984", "title": "India has $6 trillion wealth, but 'human capital' growth very slow says new study", "text": "How does one measure the wealth of a country? The most popular measure is the \"gross domestic product\" (GDP) which adds up the values of everything produced in the country in one year. But this leaves glaring holes. It is not a measure of wealth but a measure of incomes. Moreover, natural resources and, people's skills and education levels are not factored in. Neither is the all important question of sustainability - whether a country is living beyond its means at present, putting in danger future generations. To measure human wellbeing, the Human Development Index (HDI) is used. But that excludes hard economic progress.A study led by Cambridge economist Partha Dasgupta proposes a new \"Inclusive Wealth Index\" (IWI) attempts to make up for these gaps. It measures four kinds of capitals or assets in 20 countries - human, manufactured, natural and health. These are measured from 1990 to 2008 to get the trends. Further adjustment is done to account for effect of climate change, technology and oil prices. The study report was released at the recent Rio+20 Summit by United Nations University and the UN Environment Programme .The US retains its top position with an estimated inclusive wealth $117.8 trillion (constant 2000 dollars), followed by Japan at $55.1 trillion and then China at $20 trillion. India is estimated to have inclusive wealth of $6.1 trillion.The report stresses that it is the way this wealth has been changing in the past 19 years that really matters - because sustainability of growth is what matters in the long term. In terms of growth rates, the study results turn all existing rankings of economies based on just GDP or HDI topsy turvy. India, China, Chile and Kenya show the highest growth rates in IWI over the studied period while other conventionally \"strong\" or \"rich\" economies like the US, UK, Japan, Germany and Saudi Arabia clock in lower down.Of the 20 studied countries, 19 show positive growth rates. This means that these countries are on paths that are largely sustainable - to different degrees. Only Russia has a negative growth rate.However, large populations of countries like India and China skews the IWI in their favor, the report says. To get a better measure, the IWI is calculated on a per person basis.This brings a dramatic change in the rankings. China emerges at the top with a per capita IWI of 2.07 because of its phenomenal increase in manufactured capital. France (1.44) and Germany (1.83) move up. India along with Japan and Brazil are in the middle now with a per capita IWI of 0.91. US (0.69) and UK (0.88) remain laggards.India's slow pace of IWI growth - 0.9 percent in 19 years - is because of \"precipitous decline in natural capital\" and slow progress in developing human capital according to the report. India's natural capital declined from $1928 million (constant US dollars of year 2000) in 1990 to $1330 million in 2008 and its human capital increased from $1926 million to $2388 million in the same period. That's a 31% decline in natural capital and a 24% increase in human capital China increased its human capital in the same period by over 33% while its natural capital went down by 23%, according to estimates of the report.But the most affected by factoring in population are countries like Kenya, Saudi Arabia, Nigeria, Columbia, South Africa , and Venezuela , the report says. For instance, Kenya experienced relatively high absolute IWI growth of 2.85, while only managing a per-capita IWI growth rate of 0.06. The others experienced negative per-capita IWI growth. These countries have two options to reverse this trend: they must either reduce population growth rates or re-invest in the different capital asset bases to increase the rate of IWI growth. Their poor performance is mainly due to higher population growth but also higher rate of depletion of natural resources.Comparing the growth rates of IWI, GDP and Human Development Index (HDI) of these twnty countries over 1990 to 2008, the report points out that for all countries except Germany and France GDP growth rates were higher that IWI growth because capital stocks are not keeping pace with GDP growth.Inclusive Wealth Index per capitaYearly Growth Rate (1990-2008)Inclusive Wealth($ trillion, constant 2000)India0.96.1China2.120.0Germany1.819.5Brazil0.97.4Japan55.1UK13.4US0.7117.8Russia-0.310.3Nigeria-1.80.89Source: Inclusive Wealth Report 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703195", "title": "Manufacturers need to make meters foolproof: Maharashtra govt", "text": "MUMBAI: The state transport commissioner's office on Thursday summoned all e-meter manufacturers in Maharashtra and issued them a directive to introduce more security features for the new gadgets. This comes close on the heels of two auto e-meters being found tampered with in Mumbai autos last week. The e-meters were rigged allegedly by mechanics by fitting an extra magnetic device, which sent an additional pulse to manipulate fares.Sources said representatives of the nine authorized meter manufacturing companies met senior transport officials and discussed ways to make the electronic devices more secure. Said an RTO official, \"The cheats don't break the seals while fudging the fares. They just instal an external device/magnet to send an additional pulse. We want meter manufacturers to create a system in which no additional pulse should be accepted by the meter. It should display an Error message if it is tampered with.\"Officials from meter manufacturing companies were unavailable for comment.Pramod Ghone of the Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union said action should also be taken against the manufacturers for not selling tamper-proof e-meters. \"They claimed that the new e-meters will malfunction if someone tries to fiddle with it. But this is not happening. The manufacturers should be held accountable,\" he said.\"Some dealers appointed by manufacturers sold e-meters through illegal garages. The latter were paid commission for getting the e-meters installed. Once the RTO passed the e-meters, the mechanic could tamper with it. Joint transport commissioner Satish Sahastrabuddhe, was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14702320", "title": "20 min rain leads to waterlogging, jams", "text": "CHANDIGARH: First pre-monsoon showers of 15 to 20 minutes - measured 4.7mm - on Thursday exposed the tall claims of the Chandigarh municipal corporation regarding their full preparedness for the upcoming monsoon season. Commuters experienced grave inconvenience as they found themselves trapped in waterlogged main roads of the city, including Madhya Marg, Jan Marg, among others. The areas adjoining the roundabouts of the city, slip roads and main intersections also developed small ponds. Interestingly, on Thursday itself public health wing of the engineering department of MC had submitted a detailed list to the sanitation committee boasting that they were well prepared for monsoon.\"I was on my way to Manimajra, and when I reached Madhya Marg near sectors 26/27 roundabout, I got trapped in heavy waterlogging. As a result a heavy traffic jam developed and it took me half-an-hour to cross it. It seems, like previous years, this time too authorities did not take the issue seriously,\" said Parveen Kumar, a resident of Manimajra.The worst effected were areas in sectors 26, 7, 28, 17, 19, 15, Manimajra and grain market in Sector 26. Here chocked drainages blocked the entry and exit ways of the market. \"I came to purchase fruits at the Sector-26 grain market, but was shocked the see the condition of the market as most of it tuned into a pond,\" said Kedar Nath, a city resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14697902", "title": "Complaint against loan defaulters", "text": "INDORE: A bank official lodged a complaint with Sanyogitaganj police against three persons who allegedly borrowed loan and did not return. They also allegedly sold the attached plot by the bank with forged document.Sanyogitaganj police in-charge Shailendra Shrivastava said that Bhagwat, son of Padumpal from IDBI bank, Ratlam Kothi branch lodged complaint against Ramesh Jain and Sunita Jain from Swastik Nagar and Prem Narain Jirati from Khurd village.Shrivastava told that these accused borrowed loan from the bank and failed to return it. In return, the bank attached their plot, he added.Interestingly, these accused sold the plot also using the forged document. Police have booked all the three under section 420 of Indian Penal Code, and are investigating the case, said Shrivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14699424", "title": "Mashobra trust under scanner for excess land", "text": "SHIMLA: Around 280 bigha land, once owned by Maharaja of Faridkot Harinder Singh, at Mashobra in Shimla district has come under the government scanner after it was found that the trust which currently owns it acquired the property in violation of HP Ceiling on Land Holding Act, 1972. Since the government has not found any records of trust owning the prime land, the revenue department has marked a probe to determine whether any benami land deal is involved in transaction of this land.According to the provisions of HP Ceiling on Land Holding Act, 1972, an individual or a trust can own a maximum of 150 bighas of land in the state and excess of it is vested with the government. However, all these years, the 280 bighas, once belonging to Faridkot royalty, remained in possession of Maharawal Khewaji Trust, Mashobra.The issue came to light after BJP MLA from Arki, Gobind Ram listed a question during the budget session of assembly, seeking details about the land owned by the trust and names and addresses of its trustees. The MLA also sought information about the trust's registration date and its by-laws. It was during the compilation of reply to this particular question that the authorities found that the trust was not registered with the government and its land was in excess of the Act.Sources said that in 1988-90, Raja Harinder Singh had given the ownership of over 280 bighas to Maharawal Khewaji Trust through a will without taking permission from the government to transfer the land. This came to light when officials checked the revenue record while preparing the reply to Arki MLA's query, they added. Besides, who are the trustees? It has become a matter of investigation now. In the transfer of land, even Section 118 of the Land Revenue Act has been violated, sources revealed.Confirming the development, principal secretary (revenue) Deepak Sanan said the Shimla district administration has been asked to probe into the matter. \"The deputy commissioner, Shimla, would be in a better position to give information on the matter,\" he said. Attempts to contact deputy commissioner Arun Sharma remained futile as he did not take the calls made on his phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701280", "title": "Expect a clean city by Diwali: Mayor", "text": "JAIPUR: As the state government has cleared the proposal for allotting solid waste management contract to private firms, residents facing poor sanitation since long see a ray of hope.In the recent past, the JMC has faced strong criticism as it has proved incapable in disposing of the municipal solid waste (MSW) due to lack of resources. As a result, Jaipur stood 230th in the Union ministry's ranking of 423 Class-I cities vis-a-vis sanitation conditions in the country.\"We are targeting to clean the entire city before Diwali. The firm will start functioning effectively from September,\" mayor Jyoti Khandelwal said.According to the officials, once the firm starts functioning, sanitation workers of the firm will collect garbage between 9 am to 12 pm everyday. The collected waste will be disposed at three dump sites located at Mathurdaswas, Langriyawas and Sewapura in closed vehicles.The work orders for garbage collection were issued on Wednesday following which the firm will submit an action plan to the JMC CEO.\"As the firm has asked for land where its equipment and other heavy machinery has to be parked, it has been directed to identity land in JMC office's periphery,\" Khandelwal said.The JMC is struggling to dispose of the solid waste management since long. A recent report by the Rajasthan Pollution Control Board (RPCB) reveals that the estimated generation of daily MSW in the city is about 1,000 TPD to 1,100 TPD (tonnes per day), collected through sweeping of the communal waste storage sites in the population of 3.5 million people. \"Only 85 per cent of it gets dumped, leaving the rest inside the premises of the city,\" the RPCB report read.According to senior JMC officials, lack of adequate equipment has hit several garbage disposal projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14697793", "title": "MCD fee for dumping silt unfair: PWD", "text": "NEW DELHI: PWD is reportedly upset with the municipal corporations for two reasons \u2014 for transferring the department roads with overflowing drains, and charging them for dumping silt on corporation-owned landfill sites. For the first time, PWD is handling a de-silting job on roads measuring around 800km acquired from MCD early this year. Earlier, MCD used to de-silt even the PWD-owned roads.The department is forced to pay Rs 235 per metric tonne to the corporations for dumping the silt \u2014 expected to run into a few thousand metric tones \u2014 on the sites. To save on this money, PWD had even allowed private contractors to lift the same and use it for filling pits or levelling the ground.\"First they give us such filthy drains and then charge us for dumping slit that was collected over the years,\" said PWD minister, Raj Kumar Chauhan.While slamming the corporation, Chauhan added that Delhities can expect smoother drive on atleast PWD roads this monsoon as the department has completed up to 95% of de-silting work on the roads. \"Despite the delay caused by MCD, we will be done with the de-silting in a week's time,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14701452", "title": "Senior Gujaratis win 39 medals at national sports meet", "text": "VADODARA: If you think that Gujaratis are laidback when it comes to sports then meet this bunch of senior citizens from across the state who recently won medals in a national athletics meet.Eighteen athletes of the Masters Sports Association (MSA) from Gujarat won 39 medals at the National Master Athletic Championship (NMAC) held in Bangalore recently. Of the 18 participants who participated in the championship, 12 were above 60. It is for the first time that the seniors have won so many medals in the national meet.Over 39 athletes from Gujarat - aged from 35 to 82 - took part in the meet under the banner of MSA. \"It was a proud moment for us as we won 39 medals in the national event. All the participants practiced hard ahead of the meet and brought laurels to Gujarat. The idea of forming MSA was to promote sports among veteran and senior citizens. If one wants to excel in sports, there is no age bar to pursue one's dreams,\" said P R Diddi of MSA.MSA, which was formed in 2008, sends athletes above the age of 35 years for NMAC every year. This year the athletes from seven districts of the state participated in 100 meters run, shot-put, disc throw, hammer throw, javelin throw, hurdle race and 1500-meters run. Of the 39 medals, 32 were won by participants above the age of 60. Bhavnagar-based 82-year-old Jaisingrao Chauhan led the way in the contingent by winning three medals in discus throw, hammer and javelin throw. \"It was a good learning experience for us. Participating in national meet gives our morale and health a boost. The number of participants in the national meet too is increasing with every passing year,\" said Arvind Raval, general secretary of MSA. In 2008, 17 athletes participated in the national event and in last four years, the number has doubled.From Gujarat, men won six gold medals, 10 silver and 10 bronze medals while women won eight gold medals, one silver and 13 bronze. MSA had also organized an event on Wednesday evening in the city to honour the athletes who won medals for the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14710146", "title": "100 state-run high schools to be upgraded to secondary schools in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa on Friday announced upgrading 100 state-run high schools into higher secondary schools, allotting over Rs 40 crore for the purpose.Further, 900 post graduate teachers vacancies will be created in these upgraded schools besides 100 headmaster posts, a state government release here said.This would mean an expenditure of Rs 40.26 crore annually. At the same time, the twin objectives of rural students getting access to education besides employment generation will be met, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14696836", "title": "Count on ayurveda for low platelet count cure soon!", "text": "BHOPAL: Using natural ayurveda remedies researchers may soon have a cure for low platelet count, according to Indian Institute of Integrative Medicine (IIIM) director Ram Vishwakarma. Researchers claim that by using some six key medicinal plants they can stop fall and bring back platelet count in 7-8 days to normal levels of over one lakh per cubic mm.According to Vishwakarma, dossier for phase one trial of the drug is being prepared. If successful, the research would have be a huge help to stop fall in platelet count in viral diseases like dengue or during chemotherapy for cancer patients. Fall in platelet count becomes life threatening if the level slips to 25,000 unit. Until now the cure for increasing platelet immediately is more platelet transfusion.\"If we succeed it would a first in the world. However, we are still in the process of investigational new drug or IND,\" said Vishwakarma. Jammu-based IIIM is a national institute of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) with primary focus of research on drug discovery from natural products (medicinal plants and microbial species).IIIM will soon approach the drug controller general of India (DCGI) for conducting trials on some 100 patients. The trials will last some six to eight months. \"We have collaborated with the IIIM on the project and have been partners in captive cultivation for plants experimentation farm in Jammu,\" said Medanta medicity coordinator (integrative medicine) Dr Geetha Krishnan here on Thursday.The plants which promise revolutionary discovery include tinospora cordifolia (gaduchi), withania somnifera (indian ginseng), berberis aristata (rasonth), colebrookia opposotifolia (dhusure), grewia asiatica (phalsa) and boswellica serrata (shallaki). \"Most of these are readily available even in places like Bhopal ,\" he added.If all goes well the ayurveda drug may be available in the market with two years, claimed the IIIM director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701158", "title": "Minor gangraped in Bandikui", "text": "JAIPUR: A 13-year-old girl was allegedly gangraped by two youths in a forest area in Dausa's Bandikui police station area on Wednesday night, leaving her severely bleeding. An FIR has been registered against the youths who hail from the same village. However, they are yet to be arrested.According to the police, the incident took place in Vas Manpuriya village. \"The girl, a student of a government school in the village, was outside her house around 8 pm when two youths, identified by her as Rahul and Pawan, kidnapped her,\" said a police officer.They took her to a nearby forest area where they repeatedly raped her. \"Later leaving the girl there, they escaped from the spot. The girl somehow reached her house crying. When the family members asked her what happened, she told them about the rape,\" said the officer.\"The family members have lodged an FIR and the girl was admitted to a hospital in Dausa. Her medical examination has been conducted. However, we are yet to receive the report. The two accused are being searched,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14697643", "title": "4,000 fined in Noida for drawing excess power", "text": "NOIDA: More than 4,000 power consumers in different sectors of Noida face heavy penalties to Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited for utilizing electricity in excess of their contractual load limits.In June alone, around 10,000 KV power was used by consumers with loads of 25 KW or less, over and above the aggregate of their contractual limits.Consumers who are to be penalized belong mostly to residential and small commercial categories. \"At a time when power crisis has gripped the entire state, judicious consumption is required,\" said CL Gupta, superintending engineer.While the distribution company has been forced to resort to load shedding and rostering due to supply constraints and low transmission capacity, consumption in excess of contractual limits has further deepened the crisis. Consumers have not paid heed to several warnings issued by the power company and have continued breaching their load limits in July as well.\"The actual loss could be much higher as our calculations are based only upon readings taken from well-functioning meters,\" said Gupta. There are a large number of meters that have been tampered with and, hence, do not reflect the actual power consumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14700114", "title": "HC tells CBI, Enforcement Directorate &amp; I-T to file report on IVRCL probe", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand high court on Thursday issued notices to CBI, Enforcement Directorate (ED) and income tax department asking their lawyers to file status report on probe against Hyderabad-based IVRCL, which was entrusted with water supply projects in the capital. Petitioner Bablu Kumar sought intervention of the court alleging that IVRCL was blacklisted before it was awarded work order worth Rs 280 crore by the state government.Counsel of the petitioner said that ED has been asked to see if the money paid to the company was somehow siphoned off to the then chief minister Madhu Koda's projects outside the country which could eventually come under money laundering act. He claimed the CBI conducted raid on IVRCL offices on February 2010 and within a month it was entrusted with the water supply project.In another matter Godda MLA and secretary general of Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (P) Pradeep Yadav filed a PIL with the Jharkhand high court demanding a CBI investigation into the repair work of Sikidiri hydel power project. The petitioner has claimed that Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited was given Rs22 crore for the project after it was approved by the board. The season for operation of the hydel plant has approached but the necessary repair work is yet to be completed. Petitioner has also alleged over expenditure in the repair and maintenance work of the project.Meanwhile, the CBI lodged five FIRs in a matter related to discrepancies in examinations conducted by JPSC.The cases were handed over to the CBI for investigation by the high court. All 19 examinations conducted by JPSC till date is under scanner. \"Apart from doctors, lecturers and pharmacist entrance examination, the CBI would conduct preliminary investigation in appointment of lecturers and teachers as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14702266", "title": "Pre-monsoon showers bring relief", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The pre-monsoon showers on Thursday morning brought 4.7 mm of rainfall and cool breeze, as well as much-awaited respite from the blistering summer for residents. However, the relief did not last long with sun making an appearance soon after the showers. Surprisingly, instead of temperature coming down, Thursday recorded higher temperature than Wednesday.The maximum temperature recorded on Thursday at 8.30am was 32.8 degrees celsius, whereas it was 32.4 degrees C on Wednesday morning. Similarly, the maximum temperature of the day was recorded at 37.5 degrees C whereas on Wednesday it was 36.8 degrees C, which is up by 0.7 degrees. The humidity too was higher as compared to Wednesday morning. There was also a rise in the day time relative humidity levels which gradually increased from 15% to 40%, said a met official.According to the Chandigarh meteorological centre, pre-monsoon would gain momentum and regularity after one or two days, though the process has already begun. Met director Surender Paul said, \"Pre-monsoons are here, but it will start raining regularly within a day. There is a possibility of light rain in between.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "14698195", "title": "Andhra Pradesh fails to pursue port project vigorously", "text": "ONGOLE: Chances of the state getting another major port have waned with the government not taking a serious view of the central team's objections and not putting up a strong defense to win the prestigious project. Showing utter disregard to the state's interests, ports and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao left on a foreign jaunt on Thursday.The central team, which made on-field inspection of three locations suggested by the state government in January, is believed to have submitted a report recently raising doubts about the feasibility of the port. Soon after the Centre announced a new port at an investment of about Rs 2,000 crore last year, the state government identified three possible locations --Nakkapalli (Visakhapatnam), Ramayapatnam (Prakasam) and Dugarajapatnam (Nellore) for setting up the project.Apprehensions are being raised in the shipping sector about the government's commitment to getting another port to the state as no lobbying was done before the central committee finalized its observations. Rebutting the speculation, commissioner (ports development), Muralidhar Reddy said that the Centre had already granted the project to the state and there was no question of taking it back.\"The central team seems to have made certain remarks about the three locations proposed by the state and it is our responsibility to clear the air,\" he told TOI. He observed that it might not be a big issue to overcome the objections raised by the central team as all those were technical in nature. \"We would have been in a tight spot had we suggested only one location. Since we have proposed three places, we are hopeful of getting Centre's nod to one of them,\" he said. He said that the state government would send its responses to the Centre soon.The central committee comprising adviser (port development) Polyaa Mozhi, Kochi port CMD K Subramnayan, Paradeep port chairman G Jagannatha Rao, hydraulic engineering expert in Visakha port TSR Satyaprakash, chief engineer in Vizag port K Ramachandran and senior scientist in ministry of shipping R D Tripathi visited the three locations. Sources said the team found Nakkapalli and Dugarajapatnam not feasible. While Nakkapalli is said to be classified as highly sensitive by the defense ministry as it is close to a naval armament depot and deployment of naval forces, Isro reported to have raised objections about the setting up a port at Dugarajapatnam.Since Dugarajapatnam in Nellore district is close to Sriharikota, which is the satellite launching centre of Isro, did not find favour with the experts. Dugarajapatnam is 20 km from Isro's SHAR centre. Curiously, the central team is believed to have raised doubts about availability of land at Ramayapatnam in Prakasam district. In fact, the Prakasam district administration promised to make the entire required land available by the time project works launched as they have already identified about 3000 acres of government land in the area.The central team said the Krishnapatnam port authorities have been given unquestionable rights over the sea coast up to the Vanpic project border and the location of another port close to the two proposed projects could lead to legal troubles. However, the state government could sort out the issues pertaining to the rights of Krishnapatnam port either by reducing the area allocated to the port or cancelling the Vanpic deal, sources said quoting the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14698575", "title": "With God particle, bigger search begins", "text": "KOLKATA: The discovery of Higgsboson will lead particle physics to an even bigger theory of which the standard model, that was proved correct on Wednesday, is a small part.While the new theory will have more predictions about matter - which could take science to the next level - it will also provide scientists with an opportunity to iron out the inherent flaws of the standard model, say the scientists of Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics who worked on the CERN experiment.Particle physics, they explained, has not been shut with the discovery of the God particle. It has just turned a corner and is possibly on the threshold of a bigger leap.\"With the discovery of the new particle we have merely proved the standard model theory right. But it happens to be just a small part of a bigger theory on which scientists have been working for 10 years. Now that the smaller part has been proved, it's time to move to the bigger theory. It will be like widening a camera lens to focus on a bigger object,\" said scientist Subir Sarkar, a member of the CMS group at SINP working on the CERN experiment.Research will now be focused on finding ways to frame the bigger model. New technology will have to be evolved for that, Sarkar said.\"It will lead us to many more new particles that we haven't been able to find or even conceptualize so far. Their masses are so great that they can't be produced without large accelerators. So, we shall have to develop new technology to produce such particles, observe and analyze them, much like what was done at CERN for 15 years. These are still early days but the possibilities are exciting ,\" gushed Sarkar.Even though the standard model is being hailed across the world and its successful verification is being celebrated, the theory had its flaws, according to SINP scientists. \"Apart from being just a sub-set of a bigger model, its mathematical structure is incorrect. Mathematicians don't accept it in totality. Now that the Higgs-Boson is out of the way, scientists can focus on framing a mathematically perfect model that will be flawless,\" added Sarkar.Manoj Shara, another CMS group member at SINP, agreed. \"The standard model is certainly not the last theory in particle physics. For the international physicist community, work has, in fact, just begun. The goal will now be a much larger one and the possibilities enormous. We have already started working on technology development to facilitate the future course of experiment at CERN. We will get a clearer picture once the CERN tunnel shuts down for research later this year,\" said Sharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14699916", "title": "European film fest to begin at PSG Institute of Management from July 8", "text": "COIMBATORE: PSG Institute of Management is all set to host a six-day European Union film festival at its campus from July 8.The film festival would be a delectable feast of 11 award winning films, said R Nandagopal, director, PSG Institute of Management. He said two movies will be screened every day starting at 4.30 pm till July 13.The event will be inaugurated by Ravi Sam, managing director of Adwaith Textiles and ex-Chairman of CII Coimbatore Zone.Depending on the response, more number of films would be screened in the coming years, Nandagopal said adding that effort is to bring forth the importance of foreign films to the people and set a platform to conduct events like International film festival, similar to the one conducted in Chennai and other places.The first day of the festival shall see the screening of 'A Friend of Mine' directed by Mart Kivastik from Estonia. The following days would see the screening of 'Beauty and the Paparazzo' directed by Antonio-Pedro, 'Camino' directed by Javier Fesser, 'Chameleon' directed by Kriztina Goda Hungary, 'Aching Hearts' directed by Chris Kraus, 'Something More About Love' directed by Magdalena Ralcheva, 'Tada Blinda-The Legend Is Born' directed by Donatas Ulvydas, 'Touch of Spice' directed by Tasos Boulmetis, 'If you Love' directed by Neil Hardwick, 'Apricot Island' and 'Weddings and other Disaster' will be screened.There is no entry fee for the film screening. Passes can be collected from the reception desk at PSG from 9am to 5pm.The event is being organized by the EU delegation to India, the EU embassies with assistance and support from Federation of Film Societies of India and Indo Cine Appreciation Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699630", "title": "Girl kills mother with lover's help in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: A teenage girl and her boyfriend, also a teen, allegedly killed the girl's mother and dump her body in the Kasara Ghat on Monday. Both were detained by the Bhadrakali police on Thursday after the incident came to light.The body of the victim, Gurvinder Kaur Singh (40), was recovered from the Kasara Ghat at 1.35am on Thursday. Cops have detained Kaur's daughter and her boyfriend, both minors. Gurusimran Kaur (16) and Moin Aslam Shaikh (17), the duo who killed her.According to the police, the teenagers met while they were studying at the same college and then got romantically involved. Gurusimran Kaur and Moin Aslam Shaikh, both students of RYK College, had an affair.However, the girl's mother objected to their affair. On July 1, the mother and the daughter had a quarrel over the affair and subsequently the girl reportedly narrated the entire conversation to her beau Moin Shaikh.At 7.30am on Monday, the teen's beau arrived at Kaur's residence at Shankar Nagar on Takli Road, armed with a knife. Cops said that after an argument broke out between the two, the boyfriend attacked Guruvinder Kaur Singh with a knife, while her daughter strangulated her and suffocated her by pressing a pillow on her face. The duo transported Kaur's body in the girl's car to Kasara Ghat and dumped it there. Cops traced it there after the duo allegedly confessed to their crime.The deceased's brother meanwhile had lodged a missing complaint and during the investigation the police learned about the girl's affair and further enquiry led to the confession by the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699620", "title": "Panel okays merger of 15 villages with Pune city", "text": "PUNE: The law committee of the PMC on Thursday approved merger of 15 villages with Pune city in the absence of nine out of 13 members of the committee. If the proposal is okayed by the general body, the civic body's geographical limit will expand to 410 sq km from the present 243.84 sq km.The BJP, Congress and MNS members of the law committee accused the NCP of misleading them. They said they did not attend the meeting of the committee called at 4 pm on Thursday because they were told by the NCP that the merger issue will be taken up only in the next meeting. \"We got a call from the office of the committee president stating that he is out of station today, so the meeting is being postponed. He said the important issue of merger of 15 villages should be taken up in the next meeting. So the members of the law committee did not go for the meeting, and went to a PMC function instead,\" Rupali Patil, a law committee member of MNS, told the reporters.Dhananjay Jadhav, a BJP corporator and a member of the law committee, said the NCP members approved the merger in the absence of the president and nearly nine out of 13 committee members. \"A member of NCP, who is vice-president of the committee was asked to take charge of the meeting and then four members including a Congress member approved the merger,\" Jadhav said.Jadhav said the committee has asked for a report from the state government on the merger issue. The report is still to come and yet the committee gave a green signal to the merger plan. \"It was shocking and unethical. We have shot a letter to the civic administration to review the decision,\" he said.After a green signal by the law committee, the proposal will go to the general body which will take a final decision on the proposal.Replying to allegations made against NCP, Subhash Jagtap, NPC's leader in PMC, said that all the parties were in favour of giving a green signal to the merger. \"If any party has objections then we can hold discussions with them. The issue can be discussed during the general body meeting,\" he said.Jagtap said the report sought from the state can be discussed at the general body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703370", "title": "IIT-Bombay senate meeting on entrance test put off", "text": "MUMBAI: The special senate meet of Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay (IIT-B) to discuss the compromise formula on the common entrance test might be postponed till after mid-July or even the end of this month.The meeting, which was to be held on Thursday, had to be postponed as the minutes of the June 27 IIT council meeting were not out yet. The institute's faculty members might recommend relaxing cut-offs for board scores for the 2013 examination in the senate meet.The IIT-Madras senate agreed to the compromise formula at a meeting held earlier this week, setting a positive tone for all IITs, said faculty members.While IIT-B director Devang Khakhar said it was a good sign, a professor said: \"The institute met on the basis of the discussions that happened in the Joint Admissions Board (JAB) meeting held last month.\" He added that the meeting at IIT-B might be postponed till the end of the month as the director was not available for the next ten days. Besides, after mid-July, the institute could remain busy with admission-related work. Khakhar added that the minutes would have to be read thoroughly before the meeting.\"As we cannot have a senate meeting based on media reports, we will have to wait till the minutes are made public. Decisions taken in the council meeting should be documented,\" said a senior faculty member of the institute.The faculty member said the senate would discuss issues concerning the number of students for JEE-Advanced. \"We have been asking for a figure of 50,000 candidates for the advanced test as we want to have a subjective format for the question paper. It will be difficult to conduct a subjective test with 1.5 lakh candidates,\" he added.The IIT-B faculty members would also suggest relaxing cut-offs for board scores, at least for the 2013 exam.\"It is not possible to make too many changes in the compromise formula now as it has been accepted in principle. However, we will try to put forth these two suggestions in the senate meeting,\" said a faculty member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14700223", "title": "Kochi master plan yet to receive government approval", "text": "KOCHI: After a long wait the city's metro rail project received central sanction on Tuesday. But the draft master plan, prepared by the department of town and country planning, for the scientific development of Kochi and its neighbourhood is yet to receive the state government's approval. The master plan, which aims to develop Kochi and its surrounding towns as a global city through a scientifically planned development, was submitted to the government for approval by mid-2010, said sources.However, later the government constituted a joint town planning committee (JTPC) by an order to make their suggestions since master plan covered 16 local bodies in the district. After incorporating the suggestions made by JTPC, the master plan was submitted to the government again for its approval more than a year ago. Sources said then there was no progress on the same.The master plan is not likely to get thumbs up from the government in the immediate future as the JTPC has suggested the government to use paddy and wetland available for the urban use. However, the government is required to make amendments to the act to enable the use of lands under the category for non-agricultural use. But officials with the department of urban and country planning said the government is yet to take a decision in this regard.Officials said the potential growth rate is higher outside the Kochi Corporation area and the department drafted the plan after taking into consideration this matter.\"It has given importance for the development of peripheral areas as the core city does not have much potential for development. Also we aim to contain the floating of population from other parts to the city,\" said an official. It has also given emphasis for mass transport and preservation of places with heritage values.The master plan prepared covers Kochi Corporation, municipalities including Tripunithura, Kalamassery, Maradu, Thrikkakara, Eloor and Aluva and panchayats such as Vadavukode-Puthencruz, Cheranalloor, Varappuzha, Narakkal, Mulavukadu,Chellanam, Kumbalam, Kumbalangi, Elamkunnapuzha and Kadamakudy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14696933", "title": "LNG terminal faces more delays", "text": "KOCHI: The statement of chief minister Oommen Chandy that the first phase of the GAIL gas pipeline project would be completed in December has raised fresh doubts about the date of commissioning of the LNG terminal coming up at Puthuvype.The 5 mmtpa LNG terminal being set up by the LNG Petronet Ltd was earlier planned to be commissioned in October.Now with the statement of Chandy in Thiruvananthapuram on Wednesday it has become clear that the pipeline being laid by GAIL to carry LNG to different customers in and around the city would be ready only by December.The LNG Petronet officials insist that they are going ahead with the plan to commission the terminal in October itself. \"There is no change of plans from our side so far,\" an official of the Petronet told TOI here on Thursday.Laying of the first phase of pipelines had hit major roadblocks at SmartCity area and at the Naval Armament Depot (NAD) campus. Disputes between GAIL and SmartCity authorities over the laying of pipeline were resolved a couple of weeks back after protracted negotiations mediated by the state industry department officials.The CM is now claiming that defence minister A K Antony had given the in principle clearance for laying the pipeline through NAD when he met him during his recent visit to New Delhi. However, there were reports that similar approvals were given in the past as well, and it remains to be seen how long it will take to get translated into a concrete order from the naval authorities here, industry sources said.Meanwhile, GAIL is yet to sign the gas sales and purchase agreements (GSPA) with a majority of potential LNG customers of the first phase.A spokesman for FACT, which is expected to consume the lion's share of LNG to be disbursed from the terminal in the first phase, said that the company would be ready to receive the gas only in 2013-14. \"We have placed orders for some of the equipment required for converting our production base from naphtha to LNG. The tendering process is on for some other equipment. We will be signing the GSPA only later,\" the spokesman told TOI.GAIL sources said earlier that BPCL Kochi Refinery is the only major consumer which has signed the GSPA so far. Other minor customers like HOCL and Tata Ceramics have also signed the GSPA. .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14699417", "title": "Dugri's drains flood internal roads", "text": "LUDHIANA: In the interiors of Dugri, there is not one lacking civic amenity that can be categorized worse, but with the arrival of monsoon, water logging tends to give nightmares to residents.The storm sewerage installed a few years ago along the main roads had provided some relief but, the condition in the interiors of Dugri remains miserable when roads get submerged in overflowing drain water.Improper cleaning of sewerage lines leads to clogged sewerages overflowing during rainy season, say the residents. Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA) had installed storm sewerage when it developed Dugri and handed over the maintenance of the area to the municipal corporation. The state of maintenance of the sewerage system is evident from the fact that water had even entered HIG flats last year.A student from the locality Punit Sethi says, \"Improper cleaning of sewerage lines is the main reason behind water logging. Garbage remains stuck choking sewerages during rains.\"Businessman Badish Jindal says, \"Even the interiors of Dugri should have storm sewerage to avoid water logging.\"Sub-divisional officer from operation and maintenance cell J L Bansal says the water logging issue troubles in internal areas because these are situated on lower level. \"The main road is quite higher than the interior localities,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699422", "title": "Over 500 sugarcane farmers detained", "text": "PUNE: About 550 members of the Shetkari Sanghatana were detained near the Pune railway station on Thursday for taking out a morcha to the residence of state cooperation minister Harshvardhan Patil on Bhandarkar Road.The sugarcane farmers were protesting against non-payment by cooperative sugar factories.The Shetkari Sanghatana organization claimed that no sugar factory in the state has made complete payment for sugarcane purchased, compelling the farmers to take out the protest rally.Deputy commissioner of police zone I Makarand Ranade said, \"The protesters did not have the permission to take out a rally. We tried to convince them not to go ahead, but they did not listen to us. So we detained 550 farmers, mostly from Pune, Sangli, Satara and Nashik districts. They will be released in groups. Nobody was arrested.\"The Sanghatna had decided to organize a rally from Pune railway station to the minister's house on Bhandarkar road. The police and district administration had refused permission for the rally; hence the farmers were detained after they refused the cancel their plan.Raghunath Patil, a farmer leader from Sangli, said, \"As per the Sugarcane Control Act, complete payment for sugarcane purchased should be made to farmers within 14 days of completion of the crushing season. The season ended in the first week of June, but farmers have not received their payments. The state government refuses to act against factory owners who have violated the Act, but is acting against us for demanding our right. The mill owners have also ignored the state government's guidelines on declaring the final rate of sugarcane purchase and installments of payment.\"The farmers claim that the factory owners owe them Rs 300 crore.Earlier, the state government made an attempt to negotiate with the farmers and prevent the rally. Minister Harshvardhan Patil himself held discussions with the Sanghatna leaders and assured them that a decision in the matter will be taken within ten days. The Sanghatna rejected the proposal and decided to go ahead with the rally.Raghunath Patil said they will decide their next move after 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14698684", "title": "Soaring vegetable prices: New band of middlemen playing havoc", "text": "KOLKATA: The government pressure and the lure of making a kill have prompted traders from Kolkata to shorten the trade chain. New faces from Kolkata who earlier used to depend on the local middlemen are reaching out to the wholesale rural markets close to the vegetable fields. A journey by train to these markets helps them to maintain their margin.Barbati (string bean) is selling at Re 1 a kilo at Pursura in Hooghly. In Kolkata, it sells at Rs 20. Prafulla Maity of Ramchandrapur village in Pursura, who sold the spring beans at one rupee a kilo, barely managed to recover the input cost.This has caused the Kolkata traders to reach out to the rural market. \"They buy truckloads of vegetables from us and sell them in the city markets for a high price,\" says Prafulla Maity of Pursura's Ramchandrapur village. Maity, who sold spring beans at one rupee a kilo to the traders, barely managed to recover the input cost.Kolkata traders have an advantage. With the surveillance of the government task force stepped up, they hope to avoid the \"dada tax\" and police harassment.\"These people come when the price difference of perishable commodities in wholesale market here and the retail market in Kolkata is huge. We are keeping a close watch on these people who have no connection with the market,\" said Tarakeswar Municipality vice-chairman Uttam Kundu, a vegetable vendor himself.The scene is similar at Tarakeswar railway station wholesale vegetable market or Chinsurah Gotu wholesale market. These people come the night before, stay in hotel and hit the market before day break. They buy the vegetables as soon as possible and go back fast either to sell to another middleman to sell directly to retailers, said Kundu. The movement of these people is being tracked, he said.Sanjoy Das who grows jhinge (ribbed gourd), brinjal and parwal on his 3.5 bigha of land has the same story to tell. He sold parwal at Rs 3-4 per kg when it is selling at Rs 30 in the city market. Brinjal is selling at Rs 30-35 per kg at a city retail market when Das sold it at Rs 9 a kilo.According to Samar Ghosh, a vegetable trader based in Singur, the cost of transport is not very high for an average vegetable vendor. The Railway vendor car monthly ticket from Tarakeswar to Howrah costs Rs 305 for carrying vegetables up to 60 kg. By road, the transportation cost must not be more than Rs 1.5 per kg.The transport cost to the Kolkata market from Hooghly amply explains that the soaring vegetable prices are a creation of middlemen and the 'dadas' including the dadas who thrive on taxing vehicles that push up the price.Field Price (Rural) Wholesale Price (City) Retail PriceParwal Rs 3-5 Rs 8- 10 Rs 30Ribbed gourd Rs 2 Rs 3-5 Rs 30Burbati string beans Rs 1-2Rs 3-4 Rs 20Begun Rs 9Rs 12-18Rs 35Dheros -Rs 4Rs 10-12 Rs 30Potato (jyoti) Rs 7 Rs 11-12 Rs 14Potato(chandramukhi) Rs 8 Rs 13-14 Rs 16(Price per kg)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702609", "title": "Explore race course option to help Victoria drivers: Bombay HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after a horse drawing a Victoria carriage bled to death outside CST following an accident, the Bombay high court on Thursday embarked on an exercise to rehabilitate horses, their owners and drivers.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar has asked petitioners seeking a ban on Victorias in the city to check whether the Mahalaxmi race course could absorb the licensed horse riders and helpers who would be rendered jobless. The court has also asked the state to compile a list of schemes that owners and riders could avail.There are around 170 horses in the city tethered to Victorias or carriages to give joyrides to tourists, about 100 owners and 107 drivers, according to petitioning NGO Animals and Birds Charitable Trust. The petitioner's lawyers submitted a report and photographs which revealed the pitiable conditions of the stables and horses in the city.Overwork, malnutrition, and lack of proper medical care are common problems, with many horses showing signs of tenderness in their feet due to maggot-riddled hooves. In many cases, the horses were tethered next to garbage dumps. According to the petition, the skin of the horses had burn marks from the limestone used to cover saddle wounds, while the mouths showed injuries from the metal spike placed there to rein them in. Petitioners also pointed out that most of the stables in the city were illegal as the state had decided not to issue any new licenses for stables in 1974. From 2006, the BMC had banned keeping of cattle in the city or suburbs and stopped renewing licenses.The petitioner's lawyer claimed that the Mahalaxmi race course was always in need of persons to look after horses and the possibility of absorbing the Victoria drivers and helpers could be explored.Assistant pleader for the state Niranjan Pandit said there were various schemes for the economically backward classes, minorities and other groups, which the horse owners and riders could apply under to seek employment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "14699907", "title": "Thieves strike late morning at Vasco flat", "text": "VASCO: Unknown thieves broken into an apartment opposite the Vasco KTC bus stand between 10.30am and 12.30pm and decamped with cash and gold worth 1.1 lakh.The complaint filed by Maria Vaz states that the family returned to their home to find both locks of the main door and the grill gate tampered with.Once in, the thieves broke open the cupboards in the bedroom, stealing 75,000 in cash and gold worth 35,000, said police.An offence under IPC Sections 454 (lurking house-trespass or break-in) and 380 (theft) has been registered. PSI Nikhil Palyekar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14696981", "title": "Kochi Police to give auto permits only after rigorous screening", "text": "KOCHI: In a report jointly submitted by the motor vehicles department (MVD) and the city traffic police to the Kochi corporation on Thursday, the authorities are learnt to have suggested that the local body should provide 165 autorickshaw stands in the city. They have also suggested that the city needs about 7,000 autos to meet the requirement of passengers.The corporation has convened a meeting of the city police commissioner, officials of MVD, public works department (PWD) and revenue department and representatives of all the registered trade unions on July 16 to discuss the report. The meeting will take a final call on the number of auto stands required and number of city permits need to be issued.The report was submitted to the corporation as part of the move to regulate autorickshaws operating in the city and regularize auto stands in the city. The decision to regulate autorickshaws was taken as there had been reports regarding misbehaviour of auto drivers.The motor vehicles department is now in the process preparing a database of autorickshaws, which were issued city permit in 2004, to issue new permits. The department is hoping to complete the whole process within a month. According to the department, more than 4,000 autos were issued city permit in 2004. But about 1,700 autos with city permits are not on the road now.The city traffic police will verify the background of auto drivers before issuing permits to them. They will ensure that no driver with criminal background is given city permit.According to the corporation, around 13,000 autorickshaws have been operating in the city and many of them were registered in places like Muvattupuzha and Perumbavoor.Kochi corporation mayor Tony Chammany had earlier said that the civic body, in association with the traffic police and regional transport office (RTO), will launch a drive to regulate autorickshaws operating in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14697831", "title": "Man harasses wife for dowry, held", "text": "INDORE: A man, who could not succeed in his property business, was arrested on charges of harassing his 29-year-old wife for dowry here on Thursday. He was allegedly demanding Rs 5 lakh from his wife when he found that his father-in-law's business was thriving, said police.Police said that Sarika Bhatia, wife of Sanjay Bhatia, resident of Dwarkapuri, lodged a complaint against her husband, who was allegedly demanding Rs 5 lakh as dowry. In her complaint, Sarika has said that she was married to Sanjay in 2008 and he had been harassing her demanding dowry for the past few years. Unable to bear the harassment, she returned to her father's home.After few months ago, Sanjay met her and apologised for his past mistakes. He requested her to return home to start a new life. Believing his words, Sarika started with him. After a few months of pause, Sanjay again started harassing his wife and again demanded Rs 5 lakh, the complainant told the police. The woman said that her husband roped in the logic that if her father's income was increasing why can't he give Rs 5 lakh to his son-in-law.Police said that the couple have two children. Sanjay was earlier in property business and was facing loss. He was asking money and allegedly beating up his wife for that, said police.Police booked the accused under relevant section and arrested him on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14698596", "title": "Hotel security men stop Goa CM\u2019s car for checking", "text": "PANAJI: Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar's official car was stopped by security personnel at the entrance of a five-star hotel in north Goa where he was going to attend a function Wednesday evening. Sources said Parrikar's car, with a red beacon, was stopped at the gate of the hotel by security guards for checking, as is mandatory for every vehicle. The guards did not wait to see who was inside before running a full check.However, Parrikar made light of the incident saying, \"I don't want to make an issue of it.\" Even as CM, Parrikar moves without police escort and pilot.Sources close to the Goa CM said he didn't want to make an issue of it as he felt that the security staff would lose his job when it was the mistake of the hotel's management or its security wing. \"The management should have intimated the security wing that the CM was attending a programme,\" an official from Parrikar's office said.He added, \"It was only when the (CM's) vehicle stopped on instructions of the security personnel that a guard realized that it was Goa CM's car and panicked.\"Parrikar was chief guest for an event involving felicitation of 12 scholars who appeared for the final interview for a scholarship. The scholarship has been instituted by British Council and Goa Education Trust (GET), and funded by state's two major business houses \u2014 Dempo and Fomento Resources at the hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14702800", "title": "\u2018Outsiders\u2019 capture Punjabi platter", "text": "When it comes to food, Ludhianvis have a huge appetite for all cuisines. No wonder then that not-so-Punjabi treats like Afghani chaap, momos and idli-dosa make up the street food fantasy of many living in this city. Shariq Majeed digs in and brings to you the hot-sellers on the food mart...You can't miss the aromas that enwrap the crowded markets every evening. As people troop out after a hard day's work, eager to enjoy a few delicious tidbits, they head for the stalls and little shops selling non-local food items. The rush, which is maximum in markets of Sarabha Nagar, Model Town, Ghumar Mandi and at the malls along Ferozepur Road, tell the story of Ludhianvis' love for food. Among the most enjoyed street food items, momos, Afghani 'chaap' and South Indian fare score the highest hit with fans.Darling dumplingsBasically a Tibetan food item, momos - or dumplings -- are made of the regular flour-and-water dough - with white flour being generally preferred. Sometimes a little yeast or baking soda is added to give a more a doughy texture to the finished product. The filling may be one of the several mixtures including meat, chicken, vegetables and cheese. The most-visited stalls are in the crowded markets of Sarabha Nagar, Model Town, Ghumar Mandi and Civil Lines. A fan of momos for over two years now, Haibowal businessman Jatin Goel, 31, said, \"I first tasted it in Delhi, and have been hooked onto it since then. I mostly enjoy a plate of non-vegetarian and vegetarian momos in Sarabha Nagar main market. Since Ludhianvis are foodies, we like experimenting with many cuisines.\" While savouring this Tibetan delicacy along with his friend Satnam Singh, Lovneesh Sharma, an interior designer who lives in Sector 32, shared, \"I love eating veg momos and my friends likes the cheese ones. Besides momos, we also like eating Chinese foods items including noodles and manchurian.\" For BA student Narenderpal Singh, a resident of Dholewal, it's the spicy 'chutney' that makes momos his favourite. Enjoying a plateful with his friend Riya, a teacher living in Hargovind Nagar, he said, \"They're spicy and tasty.\"Travelling SouthReferred to cuisine found in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu, South Indian food has always found a huge fan base among the Punjabis. With health concerns increasing, people are now going for idli-dosa fare with a vengeance. The most common South Indian food items in Ludhiana are dosa and idli. The fact that two new South Indian restaurants have come up in the recent months also speaks of the cuisine's popularity. Tulika, a merchandising manager with a knitwear company and a resident of Haibowal, said, \"South Indian food has a unique taste and aroma. I have been relishing dosa, and idli for the last two years. I especially like sambar...\" Tulika's friend Riya, who works with an MNC and lives in Civil Lines, added, \"But my favourite is paneer dosa.\"A soya hitMade of soya and 'maida', Afghani chaap street food has gained popularity as the 'non-vegetarian item' for vegetarians. Cut into pieces, the dish is roasted and served with chutney and onions. Most of the food joints serving Afghani chaap are located in Model Town market. Aman Khurana, a businessman of Civil Lines who was relishing Afghani chaap at a food joint near Ishmeet Chowk in Model Town, said, \"I first tasted it at a restaurant in Delhi. It's so different and not only me, my entire family loves eating it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698907", "title": "Autorickshaw strike against e-meters today", "text": "NAGPUR: Autorickshaw drivers in the city have decided to go on a one-day strike on Friday against mandatory introduction of electronic meters on the vehicles. The decision was taken by members of different autorickshaw unions after a meeting with officials of the state transport department, held on Friday at the RTO office, ended inconclusively.Over 12,000 permitted autorickshaws will participate in the stir and even autorickshaws ferrying school children will remain off roads. President of Nagpur Zilla Auto Chalak Malak Mahasangh Harishchandra Pawar said, \"we had a meeting with RTO officials. But we could not come to an agreement over move to install electronic meters.Another autorickshaw driver and member of the union Chandu Khote said, \"through this strike, we are telling the government to revoke this compulsion of installing a digital meter. We will have to intensify agitation if they do not listen.\" Khote pointed out that they were ready to ply by meters but the transport department should curb plying of illegal vehicles.\"We waited long enough and we have now decided to go on a one-day strike on Friday,\" the drivers said.To make their strike a success, autorickshaw drivers on Thursday held several meetings across the city and appealed to their colleagues to participate in the agitation. Pawar said that even four-wheelers ferrying school children will remain off roads. Vinay Sahu, a Maruti van driver who ferries school children to and from Modern School, Koradi, said, \"auto union leaders have asked us to join the strike. We don't wish to do so but there is pressure on us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698104", "title": "Mob attacks murder case witnesses inside courtroom", "text": "NAGPUR: A mob of over 100 persons armed with sharp weapons attacked three witnesses in a murder case inside a courtroom of Nagpur District and Sessions Court on Thursday. The assailants thrashed the three witnesses who climbed the judge's desk and finally took shelter in the judge's chamber.The drama unfolded even as judge VN Tambi and other court officials watched on helplessly. It was only after the intervention of a couple of policemen and those accompanying the witnesses that further eventuality was avoided. But until then, the entire courtroom turned into a battleground with people from both the accused and witness sides raining blows on each other, lawyers who saw the drama said. According to them, out of the numerous attacks on the court premises, it was for the first time that it happened right inside the courtroom and in the presence of a judge.By the time more police personnel rushed to the courtroom, many attackers had fled and only 14 could be arrested. Earlier, they were arrested under sections related to rioting and assault, but later, police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay, who visited the spot, asked the police to change the offences into non-bailable ones.The legal fraternity condemned the incident, blaming the government, police and district court administration for the security lapse. They demanded immediate beefing up of security and implementation of recommendations made in a security master plan prepared by the city police in association with District Bar Association. The master plan has been gathering dust for years.This is yet another addition in many such attacks on the court premises that included sensational lynching of dreaded goon Akku Yadav by group of women in 2005 that made international headlines.Those who escaped the attack but received minor injuries included Abid and Imtiaz Ali, and Zairuddin Khokar. In fact, all of them are accused in a counter case of which they are eyewitnesses. The attackers were reportedly armed with knives and daggers and the authorities questioned as to how they managed to take them inside despite strict police security of over 75 personnel that man the premises. It was only after the attack that the cops deputed there started frisking the visitors.What is the case?According to lawyers for witnesses who received thrashing - Monica Arnand, Rupesh Patil, Tilak Larokar and Mohammed Shahid - the case pertains to a murder caused by a dispute between owners of footwear shops at Sitabuldi. On October 13, 2009, some members from the attackers' family had killed Javed Ansari from the witnesses' family. On the same day, members from Ansari's side assaulted the attackers. Those who killed Ansari were booked under Section 302 while those counter-attacked were booked under Section 307 for assault. Interestingly, Abid and Imtiaz Ali, and Zairuddin Khokar who were attacked on Thursday were the accused in the assault case. Despite the history of fierce rivalry that had led to many such minor scuffles in the past, both cases were scheduled for hearing at the same time, the lawyers claimed.Cops did not act on judge's warningKalpana Pande, who was pleading the case on behalf of police and was eyewitness to the incident, said that judge Tambi had dispatched a letter on March 3 demanding more security during hearing of this case, apprehending such incidents. \"Considering the sensitive nature of the case, she had asked about for additional security personnel, but the police took no cognisance of it. She said that earlier also, a minor scuffle took place between the two parties which prompted the judge to ask for more security. \"That the attack took place in spite of presence of 75 police personnel is quite shocking,\" she said.Past incidents* 1981: Dreaded criminal Raju Rajawade was attacked by rival gang members. He died during course of treatment* 2001: Gangster Pintoo Shirke was attacked and killed on the spot by rival gang members* 2002: Criminal Anil Paunigar was brutally attacked inside a cabin reportedly due to inter-gang rivalry* 2003: Noted gangster Babloo Francis attacked by gangsters, but he managed to escape* 2005: Criminal Akku Yadav lynched by a mob of over 50 women with sickles and knives on the court premises.* 2011: A crude bomb exploded inside the lawyers room behind backside of the main buildingKey Stats:No of persons visiting dist court daily - 10,000 (approx)No. of lawyers - 4,000No. of judges - 55No. of courtrooms - 59 (55 + 4 family courtrooms)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14702997", "title": "Without Ajaib Chitrakar, a void in literary world", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the demise of poet and author Ajaib Chitrakar, the Punjabi literary fraternity has suffered an irreparable loss, which will always be felt whenever one reads any of his poems or one of those enchanting children's books. The 88-year-old poet passed away on July 2, Monday. Born on February 18, 1924 in Ghawadi village of Ludhiana, Ajaib had penned 15 poetry books and 50 books of children literature, which were all loved by his readers.His first book of poems \"Domail\", published in 1947 from Lahore, could not be distributed due to the Partition riots. With the demise of this poet of masses, people have lost the last connect to the melodious era of Sahir Ludhianvi, who was Ajaib's close friend.Ajaib's prominent works include translation of Rabindranath Tagore's \"Gitanjali\", Kalidas' \"Meghdoot\" and the Punjabi translation of Charles Theophilus Metcalfe's account of Sikh history. His epic work on Guru Teg Bahadur earned Ajaib a lot of praise from Sikhs.The legendary poet also served as editor of \"Sahit Samachar\" for many years and was awarded Shiromani Bal Sahit Puraskar by language department of Punjab government for his contribution to children's literature.Ajaib, who had retired from Punjab Agricultural University, was also considered as the pioneer in writing ghazals in Punjabi. He was bed ridden for a while before he gave up to his brief illness. He is survived by his five sons and three daughters apart from the rich legacy of words he left behind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14699179", "title": "Almost 98% free seats under RTE vacant in Nagpur's state board schools", "text": "NAGPUR: As the admission process for free quota under Right to Education (RTE) Act closed on Thursday in city, almost 98 per cent of the available seats in state board schools remained vacant. Someshwar Netam, education officer (primary), said, \"There are 450 private unaided schools (English language) affiliated to the state board in Nagpur district, which come under the free 25 per cent RTE quota and for this the intake capacity is 11,000. Schools have received 634 applications, of which only 272 admissions have been done till date.\"Netam added that the remaining applications were under active consideration, pending mandatory document submission. \"Also, we have advised schools to keep the admission process open till they fill up vacant seats under the quota. The Thursday deadline was just the first phase to get the schools started, it does not mean that admissions have closed,\" said Netam. The local education office is still waiting for the final admission figures from schools affiliated to CBSE and other boards, but sources say the overall percentage will still remain the same.City schools had decided to follow a 'Common Plan' and under it admissions were reopened for the free 25 per cent quota seats.State's school education minister, Rajendra Darda, and secretary, JS Saharia, had repeatedly praised Nagpur schools for taking the lead in RTE implementation. Since Nagpur is still being called the 'leader', though only 2.5% seats have been filled, it paints a sorry picture of RTE implementation in other parts of the state.A special meeting of CBSE school principals has been called on Friday where Netam will discuss in detail about RTE implementation. \"We will ask them to submit all RTE related data to us soon so that we can proceed towards its full implementation. So far, no CBSE school has informed us about the number of applications they have received and admissions done.\"Also on Thursday, the first Certificate of Recognition (CR), as mandated by the RTE, was granted to South Point School. Its director, Deven Dasture, said, \"Every school, regardless of the board it is affiliated to, needs to apply for a CR and renew it annually. Under RTE, schools can be de-recognized, fined Rs1 lakh plus another Rs10,000 daily for not having a valid CR.\"Bhavan's Group of Schools and Royal Gondwana are the only CBSE affiliated institutes to have applied for a CR so far, even though the deadline for doing so ended on June 30. Netam said, \"We have now extended the deadline to July 31 and after that our department will start taking action against the erring schools.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698732", "title": "NIMA wants clarity on prescriptions", "text": "NAGPUR: More than 600 Ayurveda practitioners from the region kept their OPDs shut and took to streets on Thursday morning in protest of a statement by the joint commissioner of Food and Drug Administration that resulted in chemists rejecting their prescriptions for allopathic medicines. According to the agitating doctors, they are legally allowed to prescribe these medicines.Acting joint commissioner of FDA, Nagpur division, Ashok Giri, at a gathering of Nagpur Chemists and Druggists Association had said that traditional medics were not authorized to prescribe modern medicines. Giri also stated that if any trader was known to sell medicines on prescription of BAMS, BUMS and BHMS doctors, he would be considered an offender. After this, chemists from the region have been wary of selling drugs prescribed by practitioners of traditional medicine.\"Maharashtra Medical Practitioners Act, 1961, as well as the Medical Registration Act, 1941, has given us the right to prescribe allopathic medicines. The state government GR says that we can practice modern system of medicine to the extent of our training. How can one person's statement or belief change the law in one part of the state?\" asked Dr Jai Chhangani, secretary of NIMA's branch of Nagpur district. He said that there was a need to clear confusion among doctors.Agreeing on this, Dr Pracin Dangore, president of the association, said, \"We do not wish to cause any trouble to anyone. We only want clarification on the issue. If the officials verbally lay down one set of rules while the government has another in place, which one are we supposed to follow?\" He said that the association's doctors do not wish to work against the law, but they could only do that if the rules are clear.After hearing out the delegation's demands, Giri invited the doctors for a discussion so that the FDA's stance could be made clear and conveyed to the chemists as well.NIMA raised several questions in its memorandum to the FDA. These included a clarification on whether those with BAMS or BUMS degrees have the right to prescribe allopathic medicines, which schedules of medicines are they prevented from prescribing, which medicines can they dispense from their clinics and which equipment can they keep.NIMA has also asked the FDA to make this information available not only to all the doctors practicing Ayurveda or Unani medicine, but also to all the chemists and druggists. \"If all concerned know the rules, such situation would not arise in the future,\" said Dr Dangore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14700370", "title": "Missing girl in HC with strangers: Probe ordered", "text": "KOCHI: Following suspicion that two women who produced a missing girl from Thiruvananthapuram before the Kerala high court tried to dupe judges, the court on Thursday ordered the police to conduct an inquiry into their activities.A division bench directed the police to conduct an inquiry into the activities of the two women who accompanied the girl to the court, posing as relatives after the girl told the court that she met them only in the morning and didn't know who they were.The case relates to a 17-year-old girl from Pothencode in Thiruvananthapuram who allegedly eloped with her lover on June 28. Her parents subsequently filed a habeas corpus petition before the high court through advocate P Haridas.While the case was pending, the girl was produced before the court on Thursday by two women.Following this, a police team from the Vanitha Police station took the girl and women into custody for detailed interrogation. Police said that the girl was later shifted to a hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14702615", "title": "Indian clubs find Chhetri too expensive", "text": "PANAJI: Sunil Chhetri's 'dream' move to European football - even though it's for Sporting Clube de Portugal's reserve side - came at a time when almost all of India's elite football clubs found the India captain way too expensive.During the fag end of the I-League, Chhetri's agent, Yogesh Joshee, made a short visit to Goa and held discussions with three of the four top teams in the state. But, not surprisingly, none of the clubs would touch the India captain with a barge pole.\"There were two problems: we could not afford him and besides he also insisted on a clause that he should be allowed to leave should foreign clubs come calling,\" said a senior club official.Chhetri had pocketed a cool Rs 90 lakh from Mohun Bagan last season but the Kolkata side did not get the expected returns in terms of goals. This season, Chhetri suddenly discovered that there were plenty of buyers but not for the price he was quoting. Even big spenders Prayag United decided it was best to invest in a foreign striker rather than count on Chhetri's ability in front of the goal.Clubs like Churchill Brothers and Salgaocar Sports Club also passed on the opportunity while Dempo were wiser from their previous experience when the India captain left midway to join Kansas City in the Major League Soccer (MLS).\"You can be rest assured that Sporting wouldn't pay Chhetri as much as an Indian club,\" said a senior club official. \"If it was for the senior side, there could be some parity but since Chhetri would only play for the reserves, it would be interesting to see how much the club is willing to pay,\" the source added.According to those in the know, the Chhetri camp were in talks with potential sponsors to make the Portugal move financially viable. A Kolkata-based management group was approached a fortnight ago but just like Indian clubs the interest died down after the first two meetings itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14699621", "title": "Free expressway of traffic snarls, DGSCL told", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday directed Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) to strengthen their manpower to avoid traffic chaos and for free flow of traffic on the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway. The high court also asked the company to take steps to speed up its procedure of toll collection so that the vehicles do not get queued for long.These directions were made by a division bench headed by Acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh during the resumed hearing of a petition filed by DGSCL on Thursday.Counsel appearing for Gurgaon police, Advocate Randhir Singh, submitted before the HC that it is the concessionaires that are responsible for the chaos on the expressway as they do not have the requisite staff to deal with traffic.Alleging shortage of manpower, Randhir Singh submitted that the concessionaires do not want to spend for the smoothening of the traffic and only want to collect money.Meanwhile, strongly objecting to the contentions of DGSCL that local cops allow vehicles to pass without paying toll charges, DCP (traffic) Gurgaon Bharti Arora informed the high court that it is the company that is to blame for not ensuring free flow of traffic and not providing an alternative pathway on account of huge flow of traffic beyond the design of the toll barrier, which is in complete violation of the concession agreement.In a detail affidavit filed before the court, the DCP sought directions to appoint a local commissioner who can asses the real situation and report back to the court.The affidavit on behalf of DCP (traffic) Gurgaon, Bharti Arora has been filed in response to a petition filed by DGSCL restraining cops from opening of the boom barrier forcibly; and allowing the vehicles to pass through the toll barrier without paying. They had also pleaded that forcible closing of toll operations and allowing the vehicles to pass without payment of toll fee caused a cumulative loss, in excess of Rs 4 lakh till date.However, responding to the allegations, Bharti Arora, in her affidavit, has submitted that the toll barriers are opened at certain point of time for short intervals only on account of a certain situation required to be dealt with immediacy. She informed the HC that it is done to avoid long traffic snarls/jams resulting to creating ripples in the entire Gurgaon city, VIP movements, emergency/ambulance vehicles and during movements of vehicles of national security agencies.Bharti also made it clear that the loss calculated by the concessionaire DGCL was absolutely wrong and false figures were being reflected to gain sympathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700569", "title": "New email IDs for police unit officers", "text": "HYDERABAD: With Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) joint director VV Lakshminarayana's call details getting into public domain, the Andhra Pradesh police have revamped the system of seeking sensitive information. They also gave new email IDs to all unit officers authorised to get call data record (CDR) from mobile phone service providers. The officers were also told to do away with the practice of employing constables to operate the official mail.As of now, all unit officers, including district superintendents of police (SPs) and city commissioners, have been sending CDR requests to service providers from their email IDs with the domain name appolice.gov.in.At the beginning of each calendar year, these official email IDs get confirmed to nodal officers of cellphone service providers and the operators respond only to those IDs. However, as all these email IDs are clearly mentioned on police websites, hundreds of emails land every day in the inbox making it very hard for an officer to personally monitor all of them.Most unit officers normally operate official emails either through their camp clerk (CC) or through a constable from the computer section and these people used to do most of the official communication, including sending CDR requests, with the authorisation of the SP or the DCP.After the CBI JD call detail controversy, a solution for this problem was sought and the intelligence department came up with the idea of assigning all unit officers, like district SPs, commissioners and other authorised officers, with separate mail IDs. It was also decided to do away with the practice of employing constables to operate official mail IDs for sending sensitive official communication like CDR requisitions.Accordingly, a fresh set of email IDs have been created with a new domain name and password for this log in has been given to the concerned unit officer. The unit officer has been advised to immediately change the password after logging in and assign its operation to an officer of the rank of DSP or above. In most districts, Special Branch DSPs have been assigned with the task.However, some officers have been allowing lower-rung officials to operate email IDs due to their computer illiteracy. \"Not all of us are comfortable using computers and sending emails. So, some of us use young constables who are aware of all the basic software tools. With the fresh orders, we need to look for DSPs with computer awareness,\" an SP admitted.Some district SPs have already started using the new IDs, but city DCPs were yet to be assigned the new email IDs as they are not unit officers here. This issue is also likely to be addressed soon.\"With new login and domain in use for sensitive official communication, it will be easy to audit information sought and received. So, hopefully officials will be a lot more responsible while handling sensitive information,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "14702775", "title": "Aussie man gets 35 years\u2019 jail for killing 3 Indians", "text": "MELBOURNE: A 42-year-old Australian was on Thursday sentenced to at least 35 years in jail without parole for brutally killing his Indian girlfriend and her two siblings, in the longest sentence handed down in Queensland history.Queensland supreme court judge John Byrne handed down three life sentences to Massimo 'Max' Sica for killing his former 24-year-old girlfriend Neelma Singh, and her siblings - Kunal, 18, and Sidhi, 12, in 2003 in Brisbane.The three were found %dead in the spa of their parents' home at Bridgeman Downs, on Brisbane's northern fringe.Justice Byrne called Sica manipulative and deceitful and said he had shown no remorse for the \"brutal, horrific crimes in the worst category of murder\".Sica showed no emotion as the sentence was read out. Earlier on Tuesday, a jury of eight men and four women found Sica guilty of triple murder. The judge said the crimes had devastating consequences for the Singh family, causing them awful misery they would suffer for the rest of their lives.Sica was sentenced to serve a life sentence for each victim, and Justice Byrne said he must not be released for 35 years unless under exceptional circumstances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14697804", "title": "I-T sleuths begin survey at two firms", "text": "INDORE: The income tax (I-T) department sleuths conducted raid on two Indore-based companies here on Thursday. The team, comprising 30 officials of the department which is being led by I-T commissioner, S K Anand, began the survey during afternoon hours at the four premises of Sanwer Road-based M&B; switchgear and GG Industries in Indore. Interestingly, both the companies are preparing for their IPO. GG Industries has already filed its red herring prospect for the IPO, said a department source, requesting anonymity. The raid was likely to continue until late evening hours, added the source.While M&B; is into the manufacture of switchgear and transformer, GG Industries manufactures aluminium products and has got its plants located at Nagarchi Bakhal (Dhan Gali) in Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "14698090", "title": "Main accused produced in court", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: The prime accused in the Lakshmipet carnage was produced before the Nampally court in Hyderabad on Thursday by the Crime Investigation Department (CID).The main accused, in the case Botsa Vasudeva Naidu, a former ZPTC and MPP, was shifted to Srikakulam prison after presenting him in court, which ordered for a 14-day remand against him.Vasudeva Naidu, who was arrested in Hyderabad after 15 days of the incident, allegedly has connections with the politicians including the PCC chief and transport minister Botsa Satyanarayana.Five dalits were brutally killed and 18 others were injured on June 12 when the rival group hurled country made bombs and attacked the dalits in Lakshmipet of Vangara mandal near Rajam.Another prime accused in the case Avula Sriniva Rao, a congress leader of Vangara mandal, was arrested by the cops and sent to remand.CID has arrested three more persons - Routu Balakrishna, S Satayanarayana Naidu and Konise Taviti Naidu, with number of arrests reaching to 75.Now, the CID officials are preparing to file a chargesheet in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700485", "title": "8 lakes in Mir Alam no more", "text": "HYDERABAD: Of the 21 lakes that existed in what is called Mir Alam watershed, eight have disappeared between 1978 and 2004. Of the remaining 13 lakes, only three are in reasonably good shape while the rest too are facing the all too familiar threat of being wiped out from the city's map.This alarming state of affairs in a city which was once known for its lakes was revealed in a study taken up by the Centre's department of science and technology (DST) in collaboration with local organizations. The bigger study on the subject involves two other major watersheds belonging to the Umdasagar and the Himayatsagar. The study concerning Mir Alam watershed which started in April last is nearing completion.According to sources, the study aims to document lakes and the watersheds they form. The study on Mir Alam Watershed (the extent of land from which all the water drains at one place), measures about 18.5 square kilometers. It extends roughly from Kattedan to Attapura.The lake beds, and in some cases entire lakes, have given way to residential colonies and settlements over the years. The Huda colony in Kishan Bagh, settlements in Peegala Kunta and residential areas in Uppar Palle Attapur have all come up on lakes which were existent in 1978.The Mir Alam Tank which is the biggest of the lakes in the Mir Alam watershed has witnessed a spurt in human activity around it. The study has found that fresh water inflows and outflows have been severely curtailed owing to rampant encroachment, construction and development of the walkway around the lake.On the other hand, the sewage inflow has increased several-fold into the lake.One of the members associated with the study also pointed out that the constriction of fresh water outflow channels was leading to an increase in water pressure along the bund towards the zoo, which could in turn force polluted water to enter smaller water bodies in the zoo.The STP installed by HMDA is currently treating the Mir Alam water, but the purpose is lost as sewerage pipes from Indira Nagar, Hassan Nagar and several other surrounding industrial as well residential pockets still open out into the lake directly.According to an eyewitness account, when a dredger was recently allowed a trial run in the lake, the murky state of the water body was highlighted. The machine was constantly expelling a continuous stream of silt and waste even as the crew members struggled to ensure that immersed idols and sewerage did not cause impediment to their work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14701715", "title": "Faulty ACs irk passengers, railways does patch-up job", "text": "CHENNAI: Passengers travelling in a Lucknow-Chennai express train recently had a harrowing time after the airconditioning in their coach stopped working when the train neared Kanpur. Passengers kicked up a ruckus till the Railway Protection Force (RPF) arrived on the scene. RPF personnel threatened to throw them out of the train at Kanpur railway station if they did not settle down.This is not an isolated incident. It is a frequent tale in most long-distance trains. On more than a few occasions, AC class travellers are forced to sweat it out due to faulty airconditioning units. A technician travels in the train, but he is often helpless if there is a major glitch and what makes matters worse is that the railways does not have AC maintenance facilities at en route stations. It is not easy to replace a coach midway because trains often travel interstate.A combination of factors like shortage of coaches and spare parts, poor maintenance and failure to periodically replace electrical components cause the airconditioning to fail mid-journey, says a railway official who supervises pre-departure checks at Basin Bridge train care centre, the largest railway yard in Southern Railway, where more than 35 pairs of trains are readied everyday.\"We are under pressure to certify the coach. Railways cannot drop an AC coach from a train because tickets are booked four months in advance and berths allotted. Technicians often do patch work on a sick coach, re-charge its battery even though they know that the charge will not hold for long,\" says a technician. \"They often switch off the airconditioner when trains are held up at signals and start it when train picks up speed. This is done several times during a trip to ensure that battery power will last for the trip. If a train is held up because of faulty AC, the technician is penalized. Such shortcuts have reduced the number of AC failures,\" he added.Southern Railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma said, \"The claims are inflated. Railways are procuring materials as and when there is a need for them. There is no disruption in supplying parts or components at the yard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14701405", "title": "Dahod cops crack jewellery showroom robbery case", "text": "VADODARA: The Dahod police have cracked the case of the robbery at a jewellery showroom in Dahod town on June 26. The accused were nabbed from a village near the town on Thursday night.The accused had robbed gold, jewellery and cash all amounting to Rs 16.09 lakh from the P Maneklal Soni and Co jewellery showroom in the early hours of June 26. The security guard of the showroom was also beaten up by the accused who were carrying sharp-edged weapons and a country-made gun.The local crime branch of the Dahod police got a tip-off that the accused were going to split some of the robbed booty among themselves at Agawada village near Dahod. Working on the information, police raided a house in the village and nabbed three persons even as four others managed to escape.Those who were nabbed have been identified as Hemchand Bhabhor, Kala Gundiya and Babu Bhabhor. All the three accused have been involved in property-related offences earlier. Hemchand is believed to be the kingpin in the robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kingston ( jamaica )", "code": "14702058", "title": "1st ODI: Gayle, Smith spur West Indies to victory", "text": "KINGSTON ( Jamaica ): Chris Gayle and Dwayne Smith struck boundary-studded half centuries to spur West Indies to a nine-wicket victory over New Zealand in a rain-shortened first one-day international on Thursday.ScorecardWest Indies was well on its way to chasing down New Zealand's total of 190-9 off 50 overs when rain halted their charge at 93-1 off 18 overs at Sabina Park.But victory was sealed soon after resumption as they coasted to a revised target of 136 off 33 overs with 8.4 overs to spare.Opener Gayle slammed three fours and five sixes in an unbeaten 63 off 57 balls, his third successive half century following two in the Twenty20 internationals last weekend.Smith top-scored with 65 not out, spiced with six fours and three sixes off 77 deliveries.The pair's match-winning, second-wicket stand was worth 130 unbroken off just 128 balls.Earlier, fast bowler Andre Russell took 4-45 from 10 overs to stun the Kiwis and earn the man of the match award. Spinner Sunil Narine helped maintain the stranglehold with 2-26 while pacer Ravi Rampaul took 2-42.Wicketkeeper BJ Watling top-scored for the visitors with 60 off 98 balls while allrounder Jacob Oram scored 32.Russell made an immediate impact with the new ball, finding the edge of Martin Guptill's bat for captain Darren Sammy to snap up a low second slip catch.Rob Nicol (14) and left-hander Daniel Flynn (12) shared a stand of 27 for the second wicket before Russell removed both in successive overs to further derail the innings.Flynn tried to force through the off side and dragged onto his stumps while Nicol swatted a high catch to deep midwicket to leave New Zealand floundering at 33-3 in the 10th over.Narine added to the Kiwis' woes by removing Dean Brownlie, plumb leg before wicket.Sammy claimed opposite number Kane Williamson (24) to a wicketkeeper's catch at 71-5.Watling and Oram put together a sixth-wicket stand of 46 to revive the innings.Oram was the more aggressive, slamming two fours and two sixes.He eventually fell to Rampaul, his stumps scattered by a slower ball off the last ball of the batting powerplay at 117-6.Andrew Ellis (14) was Narine's second wicket, bowled trying to force through the off side, after sharing a stand of 44 for the seventh wicket with Watling.Watling anchored the innings, his second half century arriving off 86 balls.He was the ninth man out, leg before to Rampaul.New Zealand claimed an early breakthrough as they tried to defend a modest total.Kyle Mills provided the spark as Lendl Simmons deflected a leg side catch to a diving Watling on 8.But there were few highlights for the visitors following that as Gayle and Smith dominated with some thumping strokes.Gayle, in his first international in his home country for three years, was first to stamp his mark, launching Tim Southee for his first six and sending two more sixes sailing out of the ground off Nicol and Tarun Nethula.Smith was equally punishing, finding the boundary regularly as well.The stand was well established when lightning and thunder and heavy rain caused a two-hour delay and threatened to waste the good work from the hosts.But the skies eventually cleared and both batsmen notched half centuries as they steered their team home comfortably to the adjusted target.Smith was dropped just before the end, but the result was never in doubt by then.The second match in the five-match series is at the same venue on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14702540", "title": "Ferozepur Road will take time to get eight lanes", "text": "LUDHIANA: An extension in the deadline of eight-laning project on National Highway-95, Ferozepur Road, will continue to pose trouble to commuters till September.Paucity of funds and other hurdles in the construction work have put Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA) in a low gear while working on this project. Over an year has passed this work began.The eight-laning was supposed to be done by April end, but, the officials have extended the deadline till September end now. Only 75% work has been completed so far, while the rest would be completed only when municipal corporation completes the construction of underpass near Aggar Nagar. Even some encroachments need to be cleared yet for the project to be complete.While GLADA officials claim they are short of about Rs 7-8 crore in order to complete this project, it is also known that the authority is yet to recover crores from defaulter residents and developers.An RTI application filed by a city resident had revealed the pending amount to be collected from defaulters by GLADA had reached Rs 60 crore by March 31, 2012. All that GLADA has done to recover its pending funds is just served notices to defaulters.\"The stretch between Aggar Nagar and octroi post on Ferozepur Road tests commuters' patience to sustain dust and traffic jams,\" says businessman Ashok Gupta from Civil Lines. GLADA should deal strictly with defaulters and recover the balance amount so that it can spend it on development, adds Gupta.Angered by the extension in deadline of eight-laning project, homemaker Sachin Sharma from Model Town says the officials had enough time to complete the construction despite the hurdles. Executive engineer of the project from GLADA Pardeep Aggarwal said they have completed 75% work and rest would be completed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14701570", "title": "Realtor booked for selling same property twice", "text": "VADODARA: A complaint of cheating has been registered against a city-based realtor, Sanjeev Bharambe, for selling a property twice to two different persons.Madhukar Kansara filed complaint with detection of crime branch (DCB) against Bharambe on Thursday. Kansara told the cops that Bharambe sold him four shops in Alankar Complex in Sayajigunj in 1990s, but never gave possession of any of the shops.Kansara was allegedly kept waiting on one or other pretext by Bharambe for last two decades. Kansara finally approached city police commissioner Satish Sharma and apprised him of the entire case three months ago. \"I bought two shops number 29 and 41 on ground floor of Alankar in 1992 and paid Rs 3.95 lakh for it. In 1993, I bought two other shops on ground floor and first floor of the complex. I paid Rs 7.95 lakh in total for all the shops till 1996,\" Kansara told TOI.\"Sometime later, Bharambe told me that he cannot give possession of shop number 29. In fact, he had sold shop 29 to one Gopaldas Agrawal in 1991 and then sold the same property to me in 1992. He gave possession of the shop to Agrawal in 1993. He kept telling me that I will get possession of my property after the building gets completion certificate,\" Kansara said. However, now Bharambe is saying that he will give possession of only one shop.\"This is a clear case of cheating as I had made all payments on time. Hence I approached the cops,\" he added.The other accused in the case are Nilesh Patel, Dattu Bhavsar and Joy Chhikniwala. Bharambe has also been named in offences like creating ruckus at farmhouse of former mayor Padmashree V C Patel and at home of a resident of Alkapuri some years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14702876", "title": "Lalu questions Nitish's secular credentials", "text": "PATNA: RJD chief and former railway minister Lalu Prasad on Thursday said no one in the BJP, except its Bhagalpur MP Shahnawaz Husain and Patna Sahib MP Shatrughan Sinha , was secular and asked Bihar CM Nitish Kumar to prove his secular credentials as doubts had arisen over it since he was heading the NDA government in the state.Incidentally, Nitish's recent demand that the BJP should declare a secular leader as its prime ministerial candidate led to a nationwide debate over the issue, much to the chagrin of both the BJP and RSS. The leader of opposition in the Lok Sabha , Sushma Swaraj , called it \"unfortunate and untimely\" while a write-up in the RSS mouthpiece, 'Organiser', by M G Vaidya said Nitish had the option to sever ties with the BJP if he so desired. Reacting to it, Nitish had said his party was in alliance with the BJP, not the RSS.\"The RSS and BJP are one and the same. Who is he (Nitish) befooling? Nitish says he doesn't have 'dosti (friendship/ties)' with the RSS, but with the BJP. The BJP was formed in 1980 on the issue of dual membership after it became difficult for Janasangh MPs to have association with the RSS within the then Janata Party,\" Lalu said and asked who, except Shahnawaz and Shatrughan, was secular in the BJP.Lalu said the demand of \"secular PM\" was raised by Nitish because the 2014 parliamentary elections were coming, and, therefore, he should explain where he actually stood on the issue of secularism.Lalu, who was addressing the 16th foundation day function of the RJD at its state headquarters here, also questioned Nitish's \"Muslim prem\", maintaining that police from other states were taking away Muslims from villages and towns in Darbhanga, Madhubani and Samastipur districts for interrogation in terror-related matters without even informing the local police.\"The state government has now submitted to the Centre a list of such people who were taken away from the state,\" Lalu said and described Nitish's concern for these Muslims as sham. \"Because even police of Bihar have been beating or killing Muslim youths and other persons at will,\" he said.When a group of supporters of incarcerated ex-Siwan MP Shahabuddin demanded that Lalu should take an initiative for his release, Lalu turned visibly angry and said the government had been acting vindictively. \"They wanted him to join the JD (U), but Shahabuddin refused. Even when he gets bail, he is booked in another case,\" he said.Lalu said the ground reality of the state conflicted with its image and people were seething with frustration. He, however, said he would not demand President's rule in the state and, instead, wanted the people of the state to dislodge the government through democratic process. \"The BJP and JD (U) have divorced. The NDA government is unlikely to last,\" Lalu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699597", "title": "Col Kulbir Singh, 3 others sent to Yerawada jail", "text": "PUNE: The CBI special court on Thursday sent Colonel Kulbir Singh and three others to the Yerawada central jail for their involvement in the cash-for-jobs scam at the NDA. Besides Singh, Balkrishna Kanojia, Vishnu Prasad Sharma and Ramesh Gaikwad were produced at the court on Thursday after their CBI custody expired on Thursday.All the four accused submitted their bail applications before the CBI special court judge D R Mahajan. The court will hear their pleas and pass an order on July 7.Kulbir Singh fainted outside the court while he was taken to the prison. His wife too fainted on the ground floor of the court building around the same.CBI special prosecutor Vivek Saxena told the court that judicial custody of the accused was necessary considering that they may influence the witnesses during the course of investigations and may tamper with the evidence. \"The CBI may require the suspects' presence before the witnesses and other suspects,\" Saxena told the court.Saxena told the court that it was a serious case and that some more people might be arrested. Taking cognisance of the seriousness of the case, the Defence ministry has already shifted NDA Commandant out of the elite Academy, for a free and fair investigation.So far, the CBI has arrested eight people in the scam. Colonel A K Singh is in CBI custody till Saturday while three suspects Dattatreya Shitkal, Manoj Shitkal and Suhas Waghmare are in magisterial custody and have been sent to Yerawada jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "14709462", "title": "56 foreign players in SLPL", "text": "COLOMBO: The inaugural Sri Lanka Premier League will feature 56 foreign cricketers, not one of them Indian, after the seven franchises made their choices in a closed-door players' draft system.Australia, with 18, provided the most players for the franchises with 13 Pakistani players being the next highest. Not a single English or Indian player figures in the lists.The non participation of Indian players in last year's inaugural SLPL had forced the cancellation of the event.Sri Lanka's domestic players will be drafted on Friday.The foreign players to participate in the SLPL:Uthura: Shakib Al Hasan , Brendan Taylor, Kevon Cooper, Imran Farhat, Fidel Edwards, David Miller, Dillon du Preez, Samuel Badree.Nagenahira: Mitchell Marsh, Imran Nazir, Travis Birt, Ahmed Shahzad, Ben Laughlin, Elias Sunny, Mushfiqur Rahim, Nasir Hossain.Ruhuna: Shahid Afridi , Daniel Harris, Ryan Harris, Aaron Finch, Jerome Taylor, Nathan McCullum, Ryan McLaren, Richard Levi.Wayamba: Azhar Mahmood, Umar Akmal , Tamim Iqbal, Colin Ingram, Kemar Roach, James Faulkner, Abdul Razzaq , Brad Hogg.Kandurata: Saeed Ajmal, Misbah-ul-Haq, Sohail Tanvir, Chris Lynn, Dane Vilas, Albie Morkel , Johan Botha, Adam Voges.Basnahira: Brad Hodge, Marlon Samuels, Daniel Smith, Dirk Nannes, Robin Peterson, Tim Southee, Clint McKay, Cameron Borgas.Uva: Andrew McDonald, Umar Gul, Shoaib Malik, Callum Ferguson, James Franklin, Abdur Rehman, Hammad Azam, Chris Gayle .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14700643", "title": "Sales go soft at Hubli's Butter Market", "text": "HUBLI: Seventy-year-old Yellamma of Nulvi village of Hubli taluk has been in the business of selling butter since the past 50 years at the Butter Market (Benni Pyati) in the city. Business was brisk then and she went home a happy woman.There were nearly 30 butter sellers who did their business along with her. Cut to the present: There are just about four persons, including her, in the business.The Butter Market's business centres around ghee and curd products. A well-known area in the region, buyers came in from far and wide. Traders came from Karadikoppa, Serwada, Chennapura and Adaragunchi villages.Two years ago police following complaints of sale of adulterated butter, raids were launched in Hubli. There were reports that butter adulterated with animal fat as being sold. This, says Yellamma, was a big blow and attributes it to the downslide in the market.Zareena who sells butter and curds said not many youngsters are keen to carry on with the trade. \"It is very hard to sell even 2 kg butter today. People are opting for packed ghee, butter and curds. This has affected our trade in a big way,\" she explains. Today the market neither has the space nor the facilities either.The area has been taken up by shops. Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation corporator of Butter Market area, Rajashri K Jadi said: \"The Corporation has not got any memorandum from butter sellers' regarding their demands. Previously the market area was an open area, and was to left to butter sellers. Now complexes have come up. But water and other facilities are provided for them and cleanliness is maintained,\" he added.Rajanna, a regular customer, and hotelier recalled his childhood days when after finishing school he would come here every day to have a glass of curd and butter to eat. But today, the market has been occupied by wholesale businessmen.The area is still known as Benni Pyati, but the good old days when a thriving business flourished here is gone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14698045", "title": "Woman hurt as shell hits her house in Jammu &amp; Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: A woman was injured after a shell from an Army firing range reportedly hit her house at Chillbrass in central Kashmir's Budgam district on Thursday.Defence spokesman Lt Col J S Barar said the shell did not hit the house but exploded in the air. ``...the woman sustained minor injuries due to the impact of the explosion after the roof of the house suffered some damage,'' he said.The incident triggered protests in the area as local residents blocked the main road leading to the firing range adjoining an Army camp at Toshi Mandan.Top police and civil officials rushed to the area to pacify the angry residents. Reports said local tehsildar suffered minor injuries in the scuffle that broke out at the spot.Budgam SSP Uttam Chand said the police have registered a case and started investigations into the matter.The incident comes three days after soldiers of 21 Rashtriya Rifles fired at a vehicle and injured 22-year-old Bilal Ahmad Magray in north Kashmir's Handwara area. The vehicle was reportedly fired at after Magray's cousin, who was driving it did not stop when the soldiers asked him to do so.An attempt to murder case has been registered against the soldiers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14699619", "title": "Mohan Jain reappointed as additional solicitor general", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A native of Haryana, senior advocate Mohan Jain has become the first additional solicitor general (ASG) of India from the state, who has been given an extension on the post. A notification reappointing Jain for two years was issued by the President of India on Thursday evening. The additional solicitor general is second highest law officer of the country.Former advocate general (AG) of Haryana, Mohan Jain, was first appointed as additional solicitor-general of India on July 5, 2009 and has represented the Union government in various landmark cases, including the gay-sex case and has also represented the Union ministry of environment.A native of Ratia in Sirsa district of Haryana, Jain was practicing at the Punjab and Haryana high court, prior to his appointment to the coveted post. Jain is the fourth advocate from the region to be appointed as additional solicitor general.Justice Kuldip Singh, who also remained on the post, was subsequently elevated to the Supreme Court bench. Kapil Sibal , who also belongs to Chandigarh, was practicing law in Delhi when he was appointed to this post. Besides Jain, senior advocates Indira Jaising, Mohan Parasaran, P P Malhotra, Harin P Raval and Gaurab Banerji have also been appointed as additional solicitors general for two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14699317", "title": "God particle has Sangam City link", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Even as the scientific community across the world celebrates the results of Cern's discovery of a new sub-atomic particle, expectedly Higgs boson or god particle which confers mass on matter, a team of scientists from the Harish Chandra Research Institute (HRI) here, too, are upbeat: they had vital role in the Large Hadron Collider's findings.HRI scientists were part of the global effort through experiments and data assimilation at HRI's Regional Centre for Accelerator-based Particle Physics (RECAPP), headed by Prof Biswarup Mukhopadhyaya. Besides Prof Mukhopadhyaya, others who played a significant role include Prof V Ravindran, Prof Aseesh Datta and Prof Andreas Nyffeler.Prof Mukhopadhyaya told TOI, \"Scientists at HRI's RECAPP nurtured a core group for over a decade that was active in research related to LHC. While the discovery is significant, it is now confirmed that it's a new fundamental particle and not a strict confirmation of the Higgs boson. Scientists think prima facie it looks similar to what is theoretically expected. The particle itself has yet to be fully characterized, which will take additional months of research.Prof Mukhopadhyaya said HRI's RECAPP worked as an access centre for LHC facility.LHC has a conglomeration of world's best scientists who are testing various predictions of high-energy physics, including the existence of the hypothesized Higgs boson. The facility lies in a tunnel 27 km long and 175 metres beneath the Franco-Swiss border near Geneva, Switzerland.HRI scientists worked on the possible effects of strong interaction - the force that holds proton and neutrons together in nuclei - on Higgs boson production. They also worked on the signal of new laws of physics connected with the Higgs boson.Institute students, too, have made significant contribution to LHC, said Prof Mukhopadhyaya. \"Nishita Desai of this group worked at Geneva and wrote part of the computer code used for analyzing data at the LHC,\" he added. Besides Nishita, Satyanaranyan Mukhopadhyaya collaborated with Japanese scientists and predicted some very novel phenomena that can be seen at LHC. Similarly, Sanjoy Biswas worked with Japanese and French physicists to predict some signals of the dark matter at the LHC, the professor added.Prof Mukhopadhyaya said that the institute has also worked very closely with Prof Bruce Mallado of the University of Wisconsin (US), both at the HRI and at Cern .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700791", "title": "Two nabbed for stealing tech data", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Kalol police arrested two employees of a Rancharda-based engineering firm for data theft on Thursday. The duo is suspected to have stolen sensitive data about products and market research.According to Kalol police officials, Pradeep Chitani, administrative manager of a Rancharda-based marine engineering firm, discovered prime tech data stolen. Manoj Gambhava, 30, a Valsad resident and Mayank Sharma, 35, from Gwalior, were his prime suspects. \"The company is involved in making highly specialized goods. So all employees signing a non-disclosure agreement,\" said a Kalol police official. \" The duo was found to have lay hands on data related to product development, customer database and marketing strategy.The duo held important positions of production manager and marketing manager respectivelyand had access to the restricted areas and passwords.\"Chitani feared the data can either be supplied to rival companies or can be used to create similar products. After it was established that the data was copied on a pen drive from a computer accessed by the duo, a complaint was filed with Kalol taluka police station. A team led by Usha Rada, deputy superintendent of police, Kalol, have booked the duo under Information Technology Act, 2000.tnn \"Search is on for the stolen data. The computers used by the duo and digital data storage devices have been seized,\" said an investigating official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701492", "title": "Online filing of I-T returns a major hit", "text": "JAIPUR: After receiving an overwhelming response from the tax payers in filing their returns online in 2011, the income tax department expects to get more applications through e-filing this year.The income tax department had received a record number of 1.64 crore returns electronically for the assessment year 2011-12. Though there are no state specific data's available, local I-T officials feel that more than three lakh assesses in Rajasthan filed their tax returns online. \"We exactly can't say how many of them from Rajasthan submitted it online as there is no consolidated data for this. However, as per our estimation it could be well above three lakh and this number is likely to increase for year 2012-13,\" a senior official I-T department official said. The department is also facilitating the taxpayers who are opting for the online process. Those who file e-returns receives value-added services like tracking of refunds, viewing tax credit status, e-mail and SMS alerts regarding status of processing and refunds. \"It is much better if people submit their tax statements online. It saves us from paper work,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14701340", "title": "15-year-old girl drowns in canal at Korukkupet", "text": "CHENNAI: A 15-year-old girl drowned in the Buckingham canal near R K Nagar at Korukkupet on Thursday evening. Police said Sheela was helping her mother to spray water on the newly-constructed wall of the canal when the accident took place. This is the second such fatal incident at the canal.The canal was being widened and Sheela's mother Sirumani, a widow from Andipatti in Theni district, was employed as a daily wage labourer.\"Sheela was helping her mother to spray water on the newly constructed wall next to the canal. Her mother immediately tried to rescue her but the girl drowned in the water. The body was recovered later and sent to the Stanley hospital,\" said the police.A 12-year-old boy, Karan Kumar, was drowned in the canal last month when he was playing with his friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14708801", "title": "Monica's comeback in 916", "text": "Monica is coming back to Malayalam film industry after a long gap. She is coming back inthe film '916'. The film is directed by M. Mohanan. This is the third film of Mohanan. His previous films are 'Kathaparayambol' and 'Manikyakallu'.Monica is playing the lead role with Mukesh in the film '916'. Anoop Menon and Asif Ali are the other stars of the movie. The story and script by M. Mohanan itself.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14703881", "title": "Politicians shouldn't head sports bodies: Vengsarkar", "text": "PUNE: Former Indian cricket captain Dilip Vengsarkar has lamented the fact that most sports federations are headed by politicians who covet their positions \"only for publicity\".\"Politicians have taken over (sports) associations. That's where we have lost because they are here for exposure, not for sports,\" Vengsarkar, who played in 116 Tests and scored 6,868 runs, said at a felicitation function for London-bound athletes supported by the Lakshya Sports Foundation on Wednesday.\"They don't have what it takes to run a sports organization. They don't have a passion for sport,\" added Vengsarkar, who also served as chairman of selectors for four years. The 56-year-old, who achieved the unique feat of scoring three centuries in successive Tests at Lord's, lost to Union minister and former Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh in the elections to Mumbai Cricket Association last year.Asked if he had any particular thoughts about the cricket administration in the country, Vengsarkar said: \"It's like that everywhere, that's the unfortunate part. We have to face it.\"\"I really like the concept of corporates from various fields coming together to support sportspersons,\" said former India stumper and selector Kiran More, who is also associated with the organization. \"Normally when an athlete is injured, he or she doesn't know who to approach,\" More added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700363", "title": "Judge with Gali links transferred", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Thursday recalled D Prabhakar Rao, who was legal secretary to the state election commission, and transferred him as a judge with a family court in Srikakulam. Prabhakar's name had figured in the recent cash-for-bail case involving OMC mining scam accused Gali Janardhan Reddy.Judge Pattabhirama Rao of the CBI court who granted bail to Gali is now in Chanchalguda jail following an FIR against him.According to the confessions of some of the accused in the case, Prabhakar too had initially tried to influence Pattabhi with a Rs 10 crore offer from Gali in exchange for bail.Following these allegations the state election commission reportedly sought his transfer out of the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699807", "title": "First \u2018help centre\u2019 for entrepreneurs inaugurated in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) and Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) on Thursday jointly inaugurated a help centre at NIMA House to provide information pertaining to various schemes and subsidies by the central and state government to small and medium entrepreneurs. It is the first help centre of its kind in the country.The help centre was inaugurated at NIMA House by the SIDBI regional manager, Pune Region, Pradeep Malegaonkar. Dy GM of SIDBI A L Ravindra, assistant manager Anikiet Mendhe, NIMA president Dhananjay Bele and secretary Manish Kothari were also present.\"Micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) are the backbone of the Indian industry. Considering this, the central as well as the state government have introduced several schemes, subsidies and loan facilities for entrepreneurs. With an aim to give them information, we have launched this help centre with the help of the NIMA. A representative of SIDBI will be available every Monday during 11am to 2pm,\" said Malegaonkar.Speaking on the occasion, NIMA President Dhananjay Bele said, \"There are around 90% MSMEs in industrial areas of MIDC in Nashik. Most of the entrepreneurs are deprived of the benefits of various schemes as they do not get proper information. This help centre will provide guidance to entrepreneurs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14698777", "title": "Labourer's body pulled out of building debris", "text": "BANGALORE: The toll in the collapse of an under-construction building in Garudacharpalya, Mahadevapura, on Thursday rose to two, with rescue workers pulling out the body of a labourer, Sabanna, 25, from under the rubble.Sabanna's body was found in a crouching position. His mother, Mahalakshmi, also a construction labourer, had seen him walking into the basement minutes before the building crashed partially, around 11.10am on Wednesday.Sabanna's head was crushed and neck broken under the weight of the rubble. A steel tumbler and a water bucket lay crushed next to him.The body was found five meters away from the spot where site engineer Mohan Nair's body was found late on Wednesday evening. Sabanna, a native of Yadgir district in North Karnataka, worked as a watchman at the 30ftx40ft construction site.Nearly three hours after the building's ground floor caved into the basement, firemen had pulled out three girls alive from under the rubble. Mahalakshmi had alerted firemen about her missing son and having seen him walking into the basement.As rescue work continued, a body was spotted around 7.30pm. When the body was pulled out by midnight, it was identified as that of engineer Mohan Nair. Firemen resumed their search for Sabanna, who was finally pulled out of the rubble around 12.30pm Thursday.FAMILY SAW NEWS ON TVThe family of Mohan Nair, 45, was not aware of the tragedy till late on Wednesday night.They knew that Mohan was at the construction site. When he didn't return home from work in the evening, his wife and son, Sujay, called him repeatedly on his Blackberry phone. There was no response from him.Later in the night, Mohan's wife saw the news about the crash on television. Sujay rushed to the spot only to find firemen drilling through the debris in search of a missing labourer, Sabanna.Firemen pulled out a body which they believed was that of Sabanna. The man was wearing jeans, T-shirt and a Rado watch. His Blackberry had 145 missed calls, 50 of them from his wife.Sujay recognized the body as that of his father.CHALLENGE FOR FIREMENFire brigade personnel faced their toughest challenges at the Garudarcharpalya building crash site.Chief fire officer KU Ramesh said the building could have collapsed anytime. \"Our men had used iron rods to buttress the building, that was leaning dangerously to the right. The construction was so weak that the ceilings and floors of all the storeys could have caved in anytime,\" he said.The fire brigade was assisted by BBMP personnel in clearing the debris and removing the rubble. The precariously leaning building was demolished on Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14708303", "title": "Two militants killed in encounter in Jammu and Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: Two militants were today killed and a jawan was injured in an encounter in Handwara area of Kupwara district.Army and police had launched a joint operation in Bowan village of Nowgam sector, 100 kms from here, last evening following information about the presence of ultras in the area.\"Two militants have been killed in the operation in Nowgam sector of Handwara,\" defence sources said.They said a jawan of Special Operations Group of police was injured in the operation, which was going on till last reports came in.The identity and group affiliation of the deceased militants was not known yet, the sources said.Security forces have intensified anti-insurgency operations along the Line of Control in Kupwara district since last week.Three militants were killed in a gunbattle with Army and police in Bangus valley of Kupwara yesterday.The sources said the operation against the militants in the area is still going on. An Army jawan and a policeman were also injured in the exchange of firing with the ultras in the area.One unidentified militant was killed in an encounter with security forces in Handwara area on June 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14700324", "title": "Court seeks Kerala govt's stand on reservation in appointment", "text": "KOCHI: State government should inform its stand on providing reservation to members of scheduled castes and tribes in appointment of government law officers, the Kerala high court directed on Thursday.Considering a petition by advocate P A Chandran, justice S Siri Jagan ordered for sending notices to the state government and advocate general to file counter affidavits on the petition seeking reservation.The advocate had pointed out in his petition that only four government law officers had been appointed from the schedule caste and scheduled tribe category out of the total 100 law officers.Out of the 113 posts in total, seven more posts should be filled by recruiting people from SC/ST category as at least 10% of the total posts should be allotted to SC/ST category, the petitioner said.The petitioner also alleged that the advocate general included his name in the general category list instead of the SC/ST list and this has resulted in denial of his opportunity to become a law officer. According to the petitioner, the panel of advocates furnished by the advocate general should contain names of at least two SC/ST candidates for every ten appointments. However, this rule has been ignored, said the petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14703173", "title": "Govt finally wakes up to make secretariat fire-proof", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government has decided to equip the crisis management team, especially the fire and rescue team, at the government secretariat to meet any eventuality.Taking a cue from the recent fire mishap that occurred at the Mumbai secretariat, the state government decided to install fire and safety machinery inside the secretariat complex. A high-level meeting convened by the general administration department has decided to take some urgent steps.It has been decided to constitute a high-level committee headed by deputy secretary of general administration department to conduct a fire audit in the secretariat complex. The fire audit will be completed within two weeks and will submit a report to the government.All the security personnel in the secretariat will be given training on fire and rescue operations. The training session will begin within three days. Vehicles of visitors will not be allowed to be parked inside the campus. Only those vehicles with secretariat parking passes will only be allowed inside. Those who are coming with handicapped people should take the prior permission of the chief security officer to park their vehicles inside the complex. The visitors and officials coming for various discussions and meetings to the secretariat should park their vehicles outside the premises.It has been decided to set up fire exits in all the blocks of the complex to ensure a safe exit of the employees in case of any emergency. To enable a smooth pathway in the corridors, all the unwanted and dumped furniture will be removed within two weeks.The officials of the electrical wing of the PWD will inspect all the electrical connections and the electrical equipment connected in each room and will ensure their safety.A fire lane will be created inside the campus to enable the fire engines to reach each nook and corner of the secretariat without any hitch. No parking will be allowed in this fire lane. The fire lane will begin from the cantonment gate and will end at the south-west gate of the secretariat.A decision has also been taken to immediately purchase water-mist-fire extinguishers, chemical powdered extinguishers and carbondioxide extinguishers for the security team at the secretariat. A special water storage facility will be created inside the campus to help the fire and rescue brigade for meeting the emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14710567", "title": "Jayam Ravi and Amala Paul Nimirndhu Nil starts today", "text": "Nimirndhu Nil is the upcoming movie that stars Jayam Ravi and Amala Paul in the lead roles. The pooja of this Jayam Ravi starring Nimirndhu Nil is taking place today, on July5.Samuthirakani is wielding the megaphone for this bilingual movie Nimirndhu Nil . This romantic-action entertainer Nimirndhu Nil has started rolling from today with the muhurtham taking place at AVM Studios in Chennai. \" Nimirndhu Nil showcases Jayam Ravi as a discipline young man, who changes his attitude towards society due to certain problems faced by him.Meghana Raj is playing second lady lead in Nimirndhu Nil that is being produced by K. S. Sreenivasan on Vasan Visual Ventures banner. Nimirndhu Nil will be simultaneously made in Telugu as well with Veppam fame Nani as the lead. GV Prakash Kumar is roped in to play the music and background for Nimirndhu Nil .Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14701226", "title": "Now, Ashok Chavan in Sea Rock Hotel redevelopment row", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after former chief minister Ashok Chavan found himself chargesheeted in the multi-crore Adarsh society scam, there was fresh trouble for him. A public interest litigation heard in the Bombay high court alleged that he illegally sanctioned extra FSI for the redevelopment of the landmark Sea Rock Hotel at Bandra Bandstand.The PIL, filed by Delhi-based activist-lawyer Sonia Raj Sood, said that former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh approved a 2.5 FSI plan to redevelop the sea-facing hotel on October 7, 2008. Without naming Chavan, the PIL goes on to say that the next chief minister increased the FSI by a further 3 on July 20, 2009. Chavan was CM from December 5, 2008 to November 9, 2010.The petition says the two chief ministers both used their discretionary powers in the case, which can't be allowed for a single project.Heard by a division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar, the petition also alleged that Deshmukh increased the FSI from 1 to 2.5 under Development Control Rules (DCR) of 1967, while Chavan increased it by a further 3 to 5.5 under DCR of 1991. It said two DCRs can't be used for the same project.\"Vilasrao Deshmukh used his discretionary power to grant 2.5 FSI in October 2008 under DCR 1967. The next chief minister again used his discretionary powers to grant FSI of 3 in July 2009 under DCR 1991,\" said Sood.The petitioner said the initial 440-room hotel was built four decades ago with FSI 1. After the 1993 serial blasts, when the property was damaged, the hotel shut and a proposal to redevelop it was put before Deshmukh, who granted 2.5 FSI. No development was done, but a new redevelopment plan was put before the state in 2009 and 5.5 FSI was granted. The six-acre plot is now bare as the building has been razed.The PIL does not question the decision to grant 2.5 FSI, but questions raising it to 5.5. The petitioner also said that the Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) law became applicable in 1991 and the hotel was in a no-development CRZ-1 area.State officials who TOI spoke to claimed that the CMs didn't use discretionary powers, but the same DCR (1967) to grant FSI and the project is in the less stringent CRZ-2.Sood's petition, however, said the judges should visit the site to personally ensure that it is CRZ-1 area. She said all permissions should be cancelled. She said the BMC had sanctioned the entire 5.5 FSI plan in October 2009, but the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) granted CRZ sanction for only 2.5 FSI.Counsel Janak Dwarkadas, appearing for sub-lessees and developer Elel Hotels and Investments Pvt Ltd, the holding company of Sea Rock, denied any construction was going on. \"At the site, nothing is happening. MoEF clearance is pending. No construction is going on and cannot without the permission of the environment ministry,\" said Dwarkadas. The judges recorded this statement.Sood, however, said that an intimation of disapproval (IOD) for the building and a commencement certificate (CC) for a three-tier basement, which is \"illegal\" has already been granted by the BMC. \"They can start construction anytime. The building is completely in CRZ-1, being 50 metres from the high-tide line,\" she added.Sood has also alleged total stamp duty evasion of Rs 1,200 crore, alleging that the original lessees, Luthria Brothers, sold their shares to Vinod Goenka of D B Realty and Vicky Oberoi of Sky Deck Properties and Developers Pvt Ltd. They further sold their shares to Claridges Hotels and Resorts, which then sold it to Indian Hotels Company Ltd , a Tata group company that has 85% stake in Elel. \"This is violation of the lease deed which required permission from the state government to transfer shares subject to payment of a premium.... Now the final buyer has to pay Rs 1,200 crore to the state government,\" alleged Sood.Dwarkadas said Sood had approached the MoEF a number times and she should go for a hearing before the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA). \"I want a hearing from the municipal commissioner, who has refused to meet me on 20 occasions, collector and the heritage committee, before I go to MCZMA for a hearing,\" said Sood, adding that this is the reason she wants the HC to hear the matter.The judges have issued notices to all the respondents, including the current and former owners, the BMC, MCZMA, MoEF etc, and asked for replies within four weeks. The matter is posted for hearing on August 2. They also directed the MCZMA to be a respondent in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14702407", "title": "Animal rights activists up in arms after elephant\u2019s death", "text": "NOIDA: Chanchal, the 30-year-old elephant that was injured after a speeding truck hit her in Noida and killed another elephant, is now being treated in the Mathura rehabilitation centre. Meanwhile, the accident has created an uproar in the international community and a number of animal rights activists have written to the authorities in Delhi-NCR to free captive elephants.A speeding truck had hit two elephants near the Mahamaya flyover last Friday, killing 45-year-old Roopkali and injuring Chanchal. After Chanchal received first aid, the forest department had given an order for the animal's transfer. \"The animal was in a state of extreme shock. We kept her under observation for a day before we could transfer it to Mathura,\" said Sheren Shreshtha, Wildlife Trust of India.The shocking incident not only highlighted extreme rash driving in Noida, but also the cruelty faced by captive elephants in the country, said activists. \"Captive elephants need to be freed immediately. They are treated cruelly and their training is through pain,\" said Walter Nelson, who wrote on a petition started in the website www.change.org. The petition is to be sent to the Union environment ministry.However, activists said that freeing captive elephants is not easy. \"An elephant born and raised in captivity will not survive in the wild. Moreover, a city animal in the forest can lead to the spread of a number of diseases that wild animals might not be immune to,\" added Shreshta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14696740", "title": "Chhetri signs up with Ronaldo's former club Sporting Lisbon", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an inspirational move for Indian football, which has long struggled to make its presence felt on the world stage, Indian captain Sunil Chhetri on Thursday signed up with Sporting Lisbon, the legendary Portuguese club that has given the world the likes of Luis Figo, Cristiano Ronaldo and Nani .Players from the club's 'B' team, of which Chhetri will be a part, play in the second division of the league. The stint will offer Chhetri a chance to imbibe enhanced training techniques besides rubbing shoulders with superior-quality coaches and players. Chhetri, who has a one-year contract, is expected to fly out to Portugal in another two weeks.\"I feel like a 14-year-old,\" a beaming Chhetri, who turns 28 in August, said, \"I'm really looking forward to it.\" His agent divulged that the main aim was to make sure the player got \"regular football\".Chhetri has had foreign experience before, having previously undergone trials for Queens Park Rangers and Coventry and played for Kansas City Sporting. Chhetri had trained at the Sporting Lisbon ground with the national team before the start of the Asia Cup and said that he needed to prove himself and see what he could achieve.\"I just want to see how much I can achieve there. I want to take each day as it comes. There's only one thing on my mind that I have to go and train there. We trained there for one-and-a-half months with the national side,\" Chhetri said.Though the financial details of the deal are yet to be divulged, the club's vice president Aureliano Oliveira Neves, while presenting the jersey to Chhetri, said, \"Our purpose together with the Indian football federation is to help design the right path for increasing football in India. Signing Chhetri is our first sign of commitment to Indian football.\"According to an official involved with the deal, Chhetri had offers from some other European clubs too but eventually chose the Portuguese club. \"Coming from a country that is ranked No. 163 in the world and going to the No. 5 nation, it's a huge opportunity for me,\" said an emotional Chhetri. \"My priority is to train hard and learn. It is up to the coach and the management to decide where I could fit in. I assure I won't leave any stone unturned. I want to make sure that when I turn 40, I don't have to say that I could have done better. I'll do everything that is humanly possible.\"All India Football Federation president Praful Patel said it was a great start for Indian football's ambitions to have an European presence. \"It's a milestone for Indian football. When Sunil goes to Portugal, he will not only be an ambassador but he will also bring the focus of the international footballing committee to India.\"Sporting Lisbon is one of three big clubs in Portugal, with Benfica and FC Porto being the other two. The club has won 18 Primera Liga titles and 19 Portuguese Cup trophies. Sporting, though, have won one European trophy (the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup 1963-1964). They came closest to lifting one of the most coveted trophies in Europe when they finished runners-up in UEFA Cup (2004-2005).Chhetri will thus become only the third Indian footballer to play in Europe following in the footsteps of bare-footed Mohammed Abdul Salim , who won plenty of hearts doing duty for Celtic FC in 1937 and Baichung Bhutia who had a three-year stint at Bury Football Club in England's first division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14702040", "title": "Chandigarh gets more flights to Delhi, Srinagar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City is all set to get new flights from July 12, as a private low cost airline Spicejet has offered to launch its new flights between Chandigarh-Delhi and Chandigarh-Srinagar. These new flights would be part of company's expansion in the north India and airline has introduced 78-seater Q400 Next Gen turboprop aircrafts that have been procured from Bombardier in Canada.Airline released the schedule of flights from Chandigarh for which it has already started booking. As of now only Air India, Kingfisher, Go Airways and Jet Airways was operating around 13 flights from Chandigarh airport, which sees a footfall of around 2,000 passengers daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14743666", "title": "Sadananda Gowda submits resignation to Gadkari, Jagadish Shettar to be new Karnataka CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ending the political impasse in Karnataka, BJP on Sunday announced that chief minister Sadanand Gowda has submitted his resignation to the party and will be replaced by BS Yeddyurappa's loyalist Jagadish Shettar.The BJP high command bowed to Lingayat leader Yeddyurappa'a demand in view of the assembly elections due early next year and agreed to replace 59-year-old Gowda, a Vokkaliga leader, with rural development minister Shettar, 56, who is a Lingayat.\"In view of the current political situation in Karnataka, Sadanand Gowda has handed over his resignation to me. In his tenure, he did good work and the performance of our government was very good.\"There were no complaints against him on grounds of corruption but keeping the party's interest in mind, as a good party worker, he has resigned in the interest of the organisation,\" BJP president Nitin Gadkari told reporters here.He also announced that he has accepted Gowda's resignation on behalf of the party.\"Our party has decided to hand over the leadership to Jagadish Shettar,\" Gadkari said.Senior BJP leaders Rajnath Singh and Arun Jaitley will go to Bengaluru tomorrow to oversee the formal election of Shettar as chief minister of Karnataka by the party MLAs.Asked if deputy chief ministers would also be appointed by the party as was reported earlier, Gadkari said no such decision has been taken on this issue.With the Assembly elections just 10 months away, the BJP central leadership realised that to put up a \"good show\", it will have to fight under the leadership of Yeddyurappa, whom many see as the undisputed leader of the Lingayat community which has always voted for the party, BJP sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14698914", "title": "Usmani lays stress on smart cards", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reiterating the need to issue smart cards to beneficiaries of the public distribution system, chief secretary Jawed Usmani said digitisation of PDS records should be completed soon. In continuation of the state's e-governance plan, smart-card based distribution, would be implemented in 18 districts in the first phase, Usmani said and added that subsequently, the smart card system would be implemented in all 75 districts of the state. He also said the smart card would store the finger print of beneficiaries, which will have to be verified by dealers through point-of-sale machines. Once implemented, no food grains will be distributed to beneficiaries without the smart cards. The state government has also said that vendors will need to repair faulty machines immediately, if there is an error during distribution.Apart from issuing smart cards to beneficiaries, licenses for PDS shops will also be made online from July 31, 2012. The move, Usmani said will go a long way in cutting down fake ration cards as well as anomalies in the distribution of food grains to genuine families.tnnAny person found distributing PDS grains to people without the smart card technology, he said, would be punished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14701753", "title": "Tamil Nadu Teacher Eligibility Test takers worried over receipt of examination tickets", "text": "TRICHY: With the Teachers' Recruitment Board dispatching hall tickets to aspirants for the Tamil Nadu Teacher Eligibility Test (TNTET) scheduled on July 12, as many as 600 aspirants thronged the district educational offices (DEO) in Trichy and Musiri educational districts to confirm whether they would actually get their examination tickets on time.A team of officials led by director of the TRB, A Shankar, visited the DEOs in Trichy and Musiri to meet aspirants in order to clarify their doubts about the examination.Since the state government conducts the TNTET to shortlist eligible candidates for recruitment as teachers in schools, aspirants are supposed to take up the examination. The tests will be conducted separately for Diploma in Teacher Education (D.Ted) holders (Paper-I) and Bachelor of Education (B.Ed) candidates (Paper-II) on July 12. In Trichy, there are three educational districts namely Trichy, Musiri and Lalgudi.Of the three educational districts, Trichy educational district topped the list with 21,239 eligible candidates including 8,136 for Paper-I and 13,103 for Paper-II. The number of applicants eligible to take up the exam in Musiri are 6,423 including 2,674 (Paper-I) and 3,749 (Paper-II). In Lalgudi, there are 3,468 candidates including 1,508 (Paper-I) and 1,960 (Paper-II).Earlier, the TRB received filled-in applications through the DEOs of each educational district of the state from March 22 to April 12 this year. But many applications were incomplete. Hence the TRB had to reject 71 applications across the state, of which two applications were rejected from Trichy educational district.Meanwhile, the TRB started dispatching hall-tickets to aspirants a few days back. As many of them did not receive hall-ticket, they got worried and thronged the DEO to clear their doubts.When Shankar met the 350-odd aspirants in the Trichy DEO, the candidates asked whether all of them would receive the hall-ticket on time.In reply, he promised that they would get the hall-ticket before the examination. Otherwise, they could download a confirmation about their eligibility to take up the test from the website. Then, they should affix their photograph which should be attested by a gazetted officer which can then serve as a hall ticket.In Musiri DEO, more than 250 candidates turned out to meet the director. They were also worried over obtaining hall-tickets. However, Shankar assured them that they would get the hall-tickets before Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14701583", "title": "65% drop in sale of pregnancy termination kits, pills in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Thanks to the first state-wide drive launched by the food and drug administration (FDA) against illegal and unauthorized sale of medical termination of pregnancy kits/pills, the sale has come down by a whopping 78%. In Mumbai, it has come down by 65%.\"In the wake of the Beed episode, we found rules and regulations on the sale of MTP kits/bills were blatantly violated by wholesale distributors and retailers. We conducted a statewide drive against erring retailers and wholesale distributors. Our strategy has worked, the sale has of these drugs has reduced by 78%,'' FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagde told ToI.After many cases of female feticide were reported from Beed district, involving leading gynaecologists and general practitioners, when the FDA reviewed the situation, it was found that illegal medical termination of pregnancies were on the rise and it had an adverse impact on male-female ratio in the state. Subsequently, the FDA conducted a sample survey of all wholesale distributors and retailers in Beed. Shockingly, it was observed that neither any gynaecologist nor a retailer had a record of the sale of MTP kits/pills. \"Since the rules are clear, we asked retailers to produce prescriptions of doctors. While many MTP kits/pills were sold in Beed, not a single retailer was able to produce a prescription of a registered medical practitioner,'' Zagde said.\"We are monitoring the sale of MTP drugs made by pharmaceutical firms and records of retailers and wholesalers. We are not harassing them. They must not encourage or indulge in illegal sale of these products,'' Zagde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14701676", "title": "Encroachments removed near nullah", "text": "KANPUR: The anti-encroachment squad of Kanpur Municipal Corporation removed encroachments near nullahs in Shastri Chowk and Kakadeo for taking out silt on Thursday. The drive continued from Zareeb Chowki to P Road.The officials removed hundreds of hutments and permanent structures from Shastri Chowk to CTI Chauraha. Road-side shops were also bulldozed in the anti-encroachment drive. One illegally constructed public toilet and several extension of houses were also razed.In zone 5, the drive started from Zareeb chowki and ended at Nehru Park via P Road.Shopkeepers at Zareeb Chowki had occupied footpaths major portion of roads. Many encroachments on the busy road like tea stalls, shanty shops and small eatery joints were removed with the held of bulldozers.Around 30 structures were removed from the narrow patch between Zareeb Chowki and P Poad encroached by mattress and pillow makers.The squad moved towards the busy Gopal Talkies and Nehru Park, where the roadside shopkeepers raised slogans against KMC officials and opposed the drive.The squad removed ready-made clothes, footwear, fruits and tea shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698087", "title": "Indo-Pak deal to stop border firing", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan on Thursday agreed to try and prevent cross-border firing along the International Border (IB) in Jammu and Kashmir.Director General of Border Security Force (BSF), U K Bansal, and chief of Pakistan Rangers, Maj Gen Rizwan Akhtar, said here that even if there are cross-border firings all efforts would be made to ensure they don't flare up. The two sides, who had been holding talks for the past four days on various issues related to border management, signed a joint record of discussions on conclusion of the dialogue on Thursday.BSF and Pakistan Rangers man most of the Indo-Pak border except the 740-km-long Line of Control (LoC) and the Siachen glacier region.Saying that they talked about the issue of cross-border firing, Akhtar said, \"This should not happen. We will better the mechanism, we will ensure that those parameters that we have discussed here will be told to every trooper on the border and we believe that we will have better results.\"Bansal said while all possible efforts would be to ensure that no firing takes place along the IB, if it takes place effort would be \"nipped in the bud\". The BSF chief said, \"We have existing methods of flag meetings and border talks. We will use these modalities and with the joint confidence that we both are in favour such instances should be controlled immediately.\"Both sides agreed that they will take a humanitarian view in cases of inadvertent crossover by people from both sides. Bansal said, \"Treating it as a humanitarian matter, we will take every measure possible to quickly verify the intention and antecedents and identify the individual and repatriate him so that the situation does not lead to the person being arrested and then he languishing in a jail of the other country for many months. This was another positive step that was discussed.\"On the issue of smuggling of narcotics across the border, the two DGs said they will work in coordination with each other to improve the situation. \"There are mechanisms in place on both sides and I think if they are implemented in true letter and spirit, this menace or any third party taking advantage of this border will be controlled,\" Akhtar said.The two sides also agreed to issue of objectionable plantations along the border. \"Some plantation is occurring on border which can prove detrimental to effective border management. Now, it was mutually decided that both sides will take note of the plantations that have occurred on the other side and which appears objectionable to the other side,\" Bansal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701365", "title": "No comments on BJP allegations, says Pranab", "text": "JAIPUR: Mukherjee was assured the support of 10 independent legislators in addition to the party's 102 MLAs (including jailed Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi), 20 Lok Sabha MPs and five Rajya Sabha MPs from the state . The three CPM legislators and one each of the JD(U), Samajwadi Party and the Loktantrik Samajwadi party would be supporting the UPA candidate, said Congress chief whip Raghu Sharma.On being asked what would be his priorities if he were elected, Mukherjee said, \"Presidents here do not formulate policies... President's job is only to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution.\"Mukherjee, however, refused to comment on BJP's threat to move an election petition against him for allegedly holding an office of profit as chairman of the Indian statistical institute at the time of filing of nomination. \"I would not like to comment on these issues. It is for them (BJP-led opposition) to do whatever they think is right,\" he said.Earlier in the day, opposition-backed presidential candidate P A Sangma said in New Delhi that his legal team was going through the returning officer's ruling in the matter and that a future course of action about moving the court would be decided after consulting his colleagues and supporters. Sangma is expected to campaign to Jaipur on July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14698060", "title": "TRS may stay away from president election", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sensing an opportunity to highlight the Telangana issue at the national level again, the TRS is contemplating abstaining from voting in the Presidential election as it did it in the previous poll in 2008 when Pratibha Patil was elected. While Congress leadership is desperately trying to establish contact with TRS leadership to seek its support for its presidential candidature, Pranab Mukherjee's candidature, party president K Chandrashekar Rao, who is staying at his farm house at his native village in Medak district, remained inaccessible. Party sources said KCR didn't want to commit to anything now and that's why he was avoiding any contact with Congress leaders.The party is learnt to be veering towards skipping the election, if there is no clear assurance from the UPA government on the separate T-ielangana issue. \"Separate Telangana is the most important issue for us and there is no question of voting for anybody without a firm assurance. The party politburo will take a decision before the Presidential poll,\" Sravan D, TRS politburo member, said.Party leaders believe by remaining non-committal on the Presidential poll, the TRS would be able to draw the attention to the Telangana issue at the national level.The TRS with two MPs and 17 MLAs has 1% of vote in the Presidential election and by abstaining, it would only help UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee , who is ahead of his NDA rival P A Sangma .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702973", "title": "Man sets self, 3 kids ablaze", "text": "MUMBAI: A 47-year-old man and his twin 5-year-old kids died after he set ablaze his home in Ansari Mohalla, Gilbert Hill in Andheri (W), on Wednesday. Yusuf Sheikh's 10-year-old boy survived the blaze as he managed to run up to the loft.Sheikh was a painter while his wife Rehana (40) was an employee with a caterer and had gone to Kolhapur for a function, police said. The three kids\u2014Ali, Sabha and Asif (10)\u2014studied in a municipal school nearby.In the evening, Sheikh doused himself and the kids with petrol after which he set himself on fire. While Ali and Sabha couldn't escape from their father's grip, Asif freed himself and ran up to the loft.Neighbours put out the fire and took the victims to Cooper hospital where Sheikh, Ali and Sabha died of 100% burns. Asif suffered 40% burns. Rehana returned to the city after hearing about the incident and is being questioned by the police. \"We are trying to find out what drove Sheikh to take the drastic step,\" said senior inspector VN Bhoite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698406", "title": "Nagpur police commissioner flouted rules by talking to media inside court: Lawyer", "text": "NAGPUR: The district court legal fraternity severely criticized Nagpur police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay's move to talk to the media on Nagpur District and Sessions Court's premises where photography is prohibited. Soon after his arrival on the court premises, journalists and photographers from local media rushed to him for his comments on Thursday's attack on three witnesses inside the courtroom.\"Someone of the stature of CP to break rules which are same for everybody is unacceptable. He should be aware of the fact that photography is prohibited inside the court's premises. Still, he carried on with his press conference,\" former District Bar Association (DBA) secretary Prakash Jaiswal said.He demanded that contempt of court proceedings should be initiated again the top cop for flouting the rules. \"He should have taken permission from principal district and session judge Subhash Mohod before talking to the media on the court premises. We will demand contempt case against him,\" Jaiswal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "sircilla", "code": "14697984", "title": "Worker torches self", "text": "SIRCILLA: Upset over his wife's alleged insults, a speech impaired handloom worker, M Suresh, 35, committed suicide by pouring kerosene over his body and torching himself in the court premises on Thursday. He suffered 80% burns and collapsed. Later, doctors at the government hospital declared him brought dead. Sources said that Suresh pestered his wife Uma for money for almost a week.When his wife Uma refused to give him money, he beat her up on Wednesday evening. When Uma's parents' attempts to pacify him failed, they approached the police who warned Suresh against harassing his wife. Sircilla SHO Sarwar counselled him and told him to mend his ways. Sources said Uma recently got a job and reportedly taunted Suresh for wasting his time for which he felt insulted. \"He felt insulted and since Wednesday evening, went into a shell,\" a relative said.Uma has two dumb children, Srividya and Sridevi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699889", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation plans 100-bed hospital before Kumbh mela", "text": "NASHIK: To provide adequate medical services during the 2014 Kumbh mela, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to establish a 100-bed hospital in the Tapovan area of the city.With just two years remaining for the Simhastha Kumbha Mela\u2014 one of the biggest religious events in the country held in Nashik every 12 years\u2014 the NMC administration has begun chalking out various plans. The proposal for the hospital has been included in the action plan for Kumbh to be sent to the state government for its approval.\"This proposed hospital, which will come up on 12 acres of NMC's own plot of land along Nashik-Aurangabad Highway near Tapovan, is estimated to cost Rs 40 crore and expected to be ready by July 2014,\" an official from NMC said.He added that the hospital will include all advanced equipments and facilities. The hospital will also have a chief medical officer, 15 medical officers, five in-charge sisters, 27 staff nurses, two x-ray technicians, 5 lab technicians and 15 ward boys and lady attendants. This hospital will be a permanent inclusion and provide services to locals and visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14703003", "title": "Gadkari wants consensus on Shettar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bowing to pressure from BS Yeddyurappa , BJP appears set to replace its Karnataka chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda with Lingayat leader Jagadish Shettar and an announcement is expected within a week.The party leadership is trying to take all on board on the decision as there is a section of the party which is not sure on whether peace will prevail in the state after the change in leadership, since even Gowda was Yeddyurrappa's choice but was now being ousted by him.BJP chief Nitin Gadkari met senior party leaders LK Advani here on Thursday to discuss the complex issue.Party sources said Advani was not keen on choosing the third chief minister in this assembly and felt the party should go for fresh elections. Moreover, Advani is not inclined to have another nominee of Yeddyurappa as chief minister, since it is not certain whether the former CM will raise an issue against Shettar some months later\"We have left everything to the party leadership now. Their decision will be acceptable to us,\" Shettar, who holds the rural development portfolio, told reporters.Sources said Gadkari has come around to the view that Shettar, a Yeddyurappa loyalist, should be the next chief minister.The decision will have to be ratified by the BJP parliamentary board but most members are in agreement on the issue in view of the damage caused by threats from dissidents in the last four years.Though the party had earlier indicated that the leadership change was expected to take place after the July 19 presidential poll, the sources said this has been advanced by a few days in view of the Karnataka legislature session commencing on July 16.Sources said an announcement on June 9-10 is expected. However, there is still no clarity on whether a deputy CM would be appointed to placate the other factions.The party's central leadership is not enthusiastic about appointing deputy CMs as there are many contenders, making the exercise an uphill task. However, in view of growing dissidence, the high command may appoint deputy chief ministers to keep the various factions in good humour.WISHES IN ADVANCEEverybody likes to worship the rising sun. There was a lot of hustle and bustle in Vidhana Soudha on Thursday as chief ministerial aspirant and rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar was in his chambers. Legislators and officials made a beeline to Shettar's office on the third floor of Vidhana Soudha to congratulate him well in advance.MYSTERY AD BAFFLES ALLChief minister D V Sadananda Gowda seems to have some mysterious supporters. An advertisement in a vernacular daily on Thursday left many wondering. The ad names no persons or organizations. The ad, placed by \"Pragnavantha Mathadararu\" (sensible voters), has posed 10 questions to the BJP high command. Referring to the proposed change in leadership, it praises Sadananda Gowda and criticizes the BJP leadership and former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699429", "title": "Five Lakshya players qualify for London Olympics", "text": "PUNE: Five sportspersons supported by city-based Lakshya sports foundation have qualified for the forthcoming London Olympics.Started in 2008 with a mission to nurture budding talent in sports and provide holistic support to enhance the performance of sportspersons across disciplines, Lakshya today supports 37 players. Five of them - V Diju (badminton), Rahi Sarnobat (shooting), Ashwini Ponappa (badminton), Jai Bhagwan (boxing) and Jwala Gutta (badminton, in absence) who would represent the country at the Olympics were felicitated in the city on Wednesday. The foundation, which was started by sports enthusiasts, has received support from various corporate houses in the country to sponsor sportspersons.Lakshya presently supports sportspersons from six disciplines namely - shooting, boxing, tennis, badminton, cricket and chess.Lakshya has joined hands with corporate houses that provide holistic support to players attached to the foundation.These corporates can either sponsor a player, sport or an event, the player's all-round development in terms of technical training as well as allied training which includes fitness, nutrition, mental toughness and personality development. For instance, Bharat Forge, a forging company has adopted tennis discipline and coaching as well as financial services has been provided by them. Similarly, badminton player V Diju has been sponsored by the Panchshil group.Shuttler Ashwini Ponappa said, \"It is good that such an organisation (Lakshya) has come forward to support sports other than cricket. They have brought in corporates on board which helps in the holistic development of players including monetary as well as coaching.\" Ashwini will be pairing up with Jwala Gutta to represent India in the doubles event, a first for India in Olympics.Sunder Iyer, founder secretary of Lakshya said, \"We began three years ago with an eye on 2016 Olympics. Our aim is to nurture sports talent in the country and see to it that they represent India in at least a couple of Olympics. Involvement of corporates is crucial in such an initiative as adopting or sponsoring players or any discipline imbibes a sense of responsibility among them and they strive for success of their players.\"Iyer further added, \"We are fortunate that five of our players have already qualified for the 2012 London Olympics. We do not have great expectations from the 2012 Olympics as our real aim is 2016 Olympics. Nevertheless, the players participating in 2012 Olympics will get great exposure which would come in handy in 2016 Games.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14698699", "title": "Govt to build museum for Roerich's works", "text": "BANGALORE: The works of Russian painter Svetoslav Roerich, who made Bangalore his home, will soon be housed in a world-class museum, modelled on Amsterdam's Van Gogh Museum, at his Tataguni estate on the outskirts of Bangalore.The museum is expected to have the studio, Roerich's graves and all paintings and documents of his family spread over 25 acres. The department of Kannada and culture has also prepared a blueprint to preserve the house where Roerich and his wife Devika Rani Roerich lived.The horticulture department will set up a rose garden on 25 acres. The government done this after the Supreme Court in November 2011 upheld the constitutionality of the Roerich and Devika Rani Estate (Acquisition and Transfer) Act, 1996 and ordered that the land acquired be utilized only for what it was acquired.Following the controversy that erupted after Roerich's death in January 1993 over management of the 468-acre estate, the state government in 1996 through an Act established a trust to preserve the paintings, art objects and carvings and also flora and fauna there. The chief secretary was appointed trust chairperson to administer the estate.\"A sub-committee was constituted under the chairmanship of additional chief secretary after the meeting of board of trustees. The sub-committee was asked prepare a plan for development to preserve and maintain the estate,\" official sources told TOI. \"The remaining 418 acres will be handed over to the forest department to preserve the flora &amp; fauna,\" the officer said.Moving to BangaloreSvetoslav Roerich, though Russian by birth, made India his home, along with his multifaceted father Prof. Nicholas Roerich. After his marriage to Devika Rani, then first lady of the Indian screen, the Svetoslavs shifted to Bangalore from Kulu Valley, Himachal Pradesh.They became cultural ambassadors of Russia , fostering friendship and understanding between the two countries. Initially, the couple leased a house in Gavipurarm Extension. Before shifting to a centrally located house on Edward Road, they bought the sprawling Tataguni estate on Kanakapura Road. The estate was developed with several aromatic trees and shrubs, a spacious farm house and a studio where he painted some of his later works. The studio housed Svetoslav's creations, his priceless collection of art, artifacts and curios, including some masterpieces of father and son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "14699610", "title": "Water level in Hathnikund barrage goes up", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: After heavy rains in Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand , the water level in Hathnikund barrage in Yamunanagar district of Haryana has increased to 13,600 cusec from previous 4,000 cusec.Drinking water is provided to Delhi through western Jamuna canal from the barrage. Maintaining that the state has already been giving its share of water to Delhi, Haryana officials said it would be easier in continuing the supply, if the rains continue.This is first time when the water level in Hathnikund barrage has increased in the current season. Though, the figure of water level is still very low in comparison to the July 1, 2011, when it was more than one lakh cusec.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14702999", "title": "Free short-term course for school dropouts soon", "text": "PATNA: There is some good news for the school dropouts after class VIII, who are in the age group of 18-25 years. The Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) will soon start a short-term course to create employment opportunities for such youths in the hospitality sector. The course will be free.The BSTDC will soon advertise the programme under the Union ministry of tourism initiative of 'Hunar se Rozgar Tak' for creating employment skills among the youths belonging to economically weaker section of the society.The BSTDC will use its own human resources for the programme although it is sponsored by the Union ministry of tourism under its scheme of capacity building for service providers. However, the BSTDC will also engage guest faculty, as per norms, to meet the additional requirement. No fee will be charged from the applicant.The ministry and the implementing agency will make efforts to facilitate employment for those who would complete the course. There will be minimum 25 and maximum 30 trainees in a class. In Bihar, training would be imparted in three sectors - food and beverages, housekeeping (both of six weeks) and food production (eight weeks).The ministry had convened a meeting at New Delhi recently to implement the programme in different parts of the country. The managing director of the BSTDC, Awadhesh Kumar, and its DGM Navin Kumar attended meeting.Navin told TOI that the programme would be of six to eight weeks duration. The BSTDC would conduct at least two programmes during 2012-13. \"The successful trainees would be given preference, according to their expertise, in the hotels run by Bihar tourism,\" he said.After the training of every batch, the BSTDC would post on its website the list of successful trainees, along with their contact details, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "noida/ghaziabad", "code": "14697156", "title": "UP discom blames substation capacity", "text": "NOIDA/GHAZIABAD: Even as Noida and Ghaziabad have been reeling under power cuts averaging between 4-5 hours every day in residential areas, discom officials have blamed lack of adequate infrastructure and low capacity of substations for the outages. Making matters worse, residents are complaining of a significantly reduced supply of water due to regular power cuts.Industrial areas have been facing the brunt even more as they have to go without power for as much as eight hours. Power officials confirm that while Gautam Budh Nagar district has sufficient amount of power, there is a lacuna in the distribution system. Noida residents have complained of a significantly reduced supply of water in Sectors 10, 11, 12, 15, 27, 31, 32, 33, 34, 37, 56 and 71 due to reduced hours of power supply over the past ten days.\"We have sufficient power, but our current substations cannot bear so much load. That's why we have to resort to power cuts. Soon this problem will be sorted after the proposed substations are built,\" said UPPCL chief engineer, CL Gupta.In Ghaziabad, several areas like Raj Nagar, Nehru Nagar, Kavi Nagar and Gandhi Nagar are experiencing unscheduled power cuts ranging between 8-12 hours a day. Areas like Vivekanand Nagar, Ram Nagar, Kirana Mandi, Chiranjeev Vihar and Govindpuram have outages lasting nearly 14 hours. Trans-Hindon colonies like Vaishali, Kaushambi, Indirapuram, Brij Vihar, Chander Nagar, Rampuri and Ramprastha are also facing outages.A senior UPPCL official said, \"The availability of power on the grid is very less and we supply whatever we get. The demand has gone up by 20% from last year. The situation is expected to improve in the coming days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14702237", "title": "Police seize Rs 49,000, 25 passports of victims", "text": "MOHALI: A day after recovering gold jewellery worth around Rs 20 lakh, district police have recovered Rs 49,000 in cash and 25 passports of different people following the identification of accused Dolly Arora, alias Jyoti Gupta on Thursday.Accused Dolly, co-owner of Jet International Consultant, was arrested for running a fake immigration firm while concealing her real identity in Zirakpur on June 29.SHO of PS Zirakpur, Trelochan Singh, said, \"Recovered passports belong to people who were cheated by Dolly Arora and her absconding husband Deepak Arora, on the pretext of sending them abroad. More recoveries are possible.\" Jet International Consultant Company has been blacklisted and 74 FIRs under different charges including cheating, forgery, Immigration Act etc were registered against it with Mohali police.The accused couple was residing in a rented accommodation in Sector 21 in Panchkula, and started their immigration business in Zirakpur while concealing their real identities. The woman was arrested following the complaint of Mehar Singh of Ambala district, who alleged the woman had cheated him and his friends of Rs 4.50 lakh, on the pretext of sending them abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14700797", "title": "Five schoolchildren, attendant injured after school bus hits stationary vehicle", "text": "PUNE: Six people, including five students of Abhishek Vidyalaya English medium school, sustained minor injuries after the school bus they were travelling in hit a stationery bus in Chinchwad on Thursday around 7.30pm.All five students were immediately taken to a nearby private hospital and were discharged after preliminary treatment.The attendant in the bus, Rekha Sopan Pande, has been kept under observation in the hospital.The injured students are Saurabh Bhikaji Raut (9), Shruti Jivan Jadhv (9) and Anushka Pawar (8) of standard-IV, Sakshi Sandip Agawane (7) and Ojas Jitendra Bansode (6) both of standard II.V K Bhalgat of Mayur Hospital in Chinchwad told TOI, \"All five students had sustained minor injuries. Sakshi received injuries on her knees. Ojas received two stitches on his head and Saurabh received stitches on the chin. Shruti received injuries on the face while Anushka received injures on left leg\".Bhalgat said, after the preliminary treatment, he had kept the students under observation for two hours and then discharged them. \"I have asked one of the students to come for check-up on Friday,\" Bhalgat said.Bhalgat said Pande sustained injuries on the head, neck, shoulders and right thigh. \"She is undergoing treatment and will be kept under observation for 24 hours,\" he said.Speaking to TOI, Pande said, on early Thursday morning, the bus was heading towards the school after picking up students from More vasti and Spine road. \"All of a sudden the bus crashed into another bus at Phulenagar. I was sitting on the front seat. I sustained injuries on the head and neck and became unconscious,\" she said adding, \"I gained consciousness in the hospital.\"Pande said the driver contacted the owner and later shifted all the injured students to the Mayur Hospital in another bus.She said around 15 to 20 students are transported in the bus daily. \"At the time of incident, there were 20 students in the bus,\" Pande added.Speaking to TOI, senior police inspector with the Dehu road police station Ram Jadhav said that the accident report has been registered with them. \"The bus driver claimed that the accident took place due to brake failure. We are investigating further,\" Jadhav said.Meanwhile. director of Abhishek Vidyalaya English medium school Charanthi Mutth told TOI that the bus service was not run by the school.Mutth said the 10-year-old school located in Shahunagar area of Chinchwad has 1,200 students, including 500 in pre-primary and primary and the remaining in Std V to X.Gururaj Charanthi Mutth, president, Abhishek Vidyalaya, in a statement said that the school bus involved in the accident was not an authorized bus of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14698494", "title": "2-day-old baby girl found abandoned in gunny bag in Yavatmal", "text": "YAVATMAL: Alertness of a farmer from Umarkhed in Yavatmal district has resulted in getting medical attention for a two-day-old girl child found abandoned in a gunny bag. The infant, who was first admitted to the government rural hospital in Umarkhed, has been shifted to Nanded Government Medical College. Reportedly, she is still not out of danger.According to sub divisional police officer of Pusad, Jagdev Akhare, Umarkhed PSO, Dnyaneshwar Kadu, on Wednesday received a call from a farmer informing that a gunny bag was lying along the canal of Pus river project and one could hear cries of a human child from it.The PSO and his team rushed to the spot and recovered the gunny bag. To their utter surprise, they found a girl child of only two days. The infant was immediately taken to the government rural hospital in Umarkhed where she was given first aid and administered life saving drugs. The girl was later shifted to Nanded Government Medical College in the evening where she is still struggling for life.\"We have registered an offence against the unidentified mother,\" Akhare said. Kadu has launched an extensive search to find her.Sitting MLA of Umarkhed, Vijay Khadse, BJP Yuva Morcha state executive member, Nitin Bhutada, district collector Ashvin Mudgal, ZP CEO Naval Kishor Ram and SP Ranjankumar Sharma also visited the Umarkhed hospital and instructed the doctors to give the child best medical attention.The SDO of Pusad, Narendra Fulzele, tehsildar of Umarkhed, Suresh Thorat, and MC chief officer, Rahul Mohkar helped the doctors in shifting the child to Nanded GMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14696605", "title": "Azhikkal project gathers dust", "text": "KANNUR: The proposal of the state government to develop Azhikkal as a major port seems to be a non-starter due to the lack of enthusiasm on the part of Mumbai-based ABG Group, which was the lone bidder to develop a cement terminal here. Meanwhile ABG has asked more time to give a detailed project report (DPR). The company said they will give a project cost estimate after studying the area.Though the port department was willing to give the cement terminal development to ABG Group, they seem to be not sure whether this would be a viable project as ABG is exploring the possibility of developing the cement terminal in Kollam.If Kollam proves to be more viable, there is a possibility of ABG opting for that instead of Azhikkal.Meanwhile, a high-level meeting of the port officials on Thursday discussed as to why developers are not keen to bid for the ports in Malabar, including Beypore and Azhikkal.Since they were the lone bidders to develop the cement terminal, the authorities have decided to wait for some more time before thinking of a fresh bid. ABG was planning to develop the terminal by dredging a six-metre draft so that 10,000 tonne ship can be brought to the terminal.Though a company named Mundra Port and SEZ had earlier won the bid, it later backed out.If Azhikkal is developed as a major port that caters to the entire country, there is immense possibility to generate business.Now, despite the uncertainty over the project, authorities have decided to wait till the investors meet 'Emerging Kerala' in September, where the Azhikkal port project is also expected to be presented.Kannur: The plans to develop Azhikkal port seems to be a non-starter yet due to the lack of enthusiasm on the part of Mumbai-based ABG Group, which was the lone bidder to develop a cement terminal here.Though the port department was willing to give the cement terminal development to ABG Group, they seem to be not sure whether this would be a viable project. They have sought more time to give a detailed project report in this connection without which the authorities cannot take a final decision on assigning developing of the terminal to the Mumbai-based group.According to ABG, they would be able to work out the project cost and other details only after a study of the nature of the sea and the swell direction during the monsoon, though they have not officially said that they are backing out.The land on the southern part of the port is accreted due to the positioning of the breakwater there, and if it is possible to build the berth there that would the most economical one, according to them. But, if the berth is developed there, will it be able to use it in monsoon is what concerns the group. According to them, the cement berth would be viable only if it is usable throughout the year.\"Though the time given to ABG for the said study is already over, they have informally requested for some more time to complete the study,\" said a port official.Since they were the lone bidders to develop the cement terminal, the authorities have decided to wait for some more time before thinking of a fresh bid. ABG was planning to develop the terminal by dredging a six-metre draft so that 10,000 tonne ship can be brought to the terminal.Now, according to sources, ABG is exploring the possibility of developing the cement terminal in Kollam as well, where the port department is planning a similar terminal. In that case, if Kollam proves to be more viable, there is a possibility of ABG opting for that instead of Azhikkal.Meanwhile, a high-level meeting of the port officials on Thursday discussed as to why developers are not keen to bid for the ports in Malabar, including Beypore and Azhikkal.When the tender was floated earlier for the multipurpose terminal in Azhikkal, there was no bidder at all for the project. And on a previous occasion, in 2010, Mundra Port and SEZ had won the bid but they had also backed out.Now, despite the uncertainty over the project, authorities have decided to wait till the Emerging Kerala, the investment meet that the Government of Kerala is organising in September, where the Azhikkal port project is also expected to be presented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14699899", "title": "Court adjourns cops' bail plea in Dudu case", "text": "PANAJI: The Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) court on Thursday adjourned the hearing of a bail plea of five police constables who allegedly planted drugs on David Driham alias Dudu, an Israeli national. The court sought a further clarification from the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to reinvestigate the case.This is the third time the hearing has been adjourned on grounds of clarification in the matter. Police custody of the five police constables will end on July 12.Following a clarification last time, the CBI counsel submitted a document indicating the circumstances in which the case was handed over to the premier investigation agency.The document includes a high court order, Union government and state government notifications empowering CBI to take over the case.Meanwhile, the high court of Bombay at Goa is likely to hear the bail plea filed by suspended PSI Sunil Gudler in the alleged drug-mafia-police nexus caseThe CBI, which is probing Goa's police-politician-drug mafia nexus, had arrested five constables of the anti-narcotics cell (ANC) of the Goa police in the case as part of its investigations. The arrested constables are Mahadev Naik, Mahableshwar Sawant, Sameer Varkhandkar, Eaurmia Guraye and Nagesh Parsekar.The main culprit in the case is allegedly Gudlar of the ANC who had allegedly masterminded Dudu's arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14710163", "title": "ZTE beats Huawei to bag China Telecom contract", "text": "BEIJING: Within days of securing a major order in India, China's ZTE Corporation has bagged a key contract for supplying broadband equipment to the state-run China Telecom Corporation .The development puts ZTE in a stronger position to compete with Huawei Technologies , the country's biggest player. The Shenzhen-based ZTE recently beat Huawei and other companies in India when it emerged as the lowest bidder in a Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd purchase plan. BSNL had awarded a contract of Rs 60 billion ($1.09 billion) to ZTE and Anglo-French firm Alcatel-Lucent .ZTE has now repeated the feat at home this time, winning the deal for supplying 40% of the equipment required by China Telecom for broadband expansion project. Reports suggest that it will be the largest equipment supplier to the project, which will cost about $635 million.Under the contract, ZTE will deliver M6000 high-end router to China Telecom for use in the infrastructure project. The order will involve several technologies, including broadband remote access servers, service routers, multi-service edge, aggregation switches, and high-end routing switches.The development will be watched closely in India and other countries, which are often required to choose one between the two Chinese players because of their capacity to quote low prices. ZTE has also managed to sell its products to the other two state-run telecom operators at home, China Mobile and China Unicom .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14700072", "title": "Ranchi University to celebrate its 52nd foundation day on July 12", "text": "RANCHI: The Aryabhatta auditorium of Ranchi University will reverberate with Ghazal and Sufi music on July 12, during its 52nd foundation day celebrations.Cultural committee head Kamal Bose, said, \"Everybody is busy rehearsing for the D-Day as we want the program to be an impressive one. This time, not just the students but the teaching and non-teaching staff and university alumni would also participate in the cultural show.\"A two-hour programme scheduled to start at 6:30 pm will be a memorable one, says Bose. \"Besides, ghazal and sufi songs, classical dance and tribal dance will also be a part of the programme\", he said.However, theatre lovers and students of the university are disappointed over the cancellation of a show by actor Tom Alter and his team. Pro vice chancellor of the university, VP Sharan said, \"Tom Alter was supposed to enact a play based on the life of Maulana Azad, which was to be funded by Maulana Azad foundation under the ministry of minority affairs.\"Sharan said, \"We did not know that law minister, Salman Khurshid was accompanying Tom Alter and team for the program. Now with Presidential election round the corner, Khurshid has got busy and the program was cancelled.\"The chief guest at the program will be governor and chancellor of university, Sayed Ahmed.The foundation day celebration would be followed by convocation week, to be held in the first week of October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14699941", "title": "Tamil Nadu Electricity Board engineer held for taking bribe of Rs 30,000", "text": "COIMBATORE: Vigilance and Anti corruption sleuths arrested a junior engineer of the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board after he pocketed a bribe of Rs 30,000 from a city resident for allotting new three-phase power connection and shifting an electric pole opposite his residence in Saravanampatti. A five member team had laid a trap after planting two witnesses inside the office when they recovered the bribe and took the tainted official into custody.The operation was planned at the TNEB office in Saravanampatti after the complainant K Devaraj, a real estate agent residing near Ruby school approached the directorate of Vigilance and Anti corruption sleuths here in the city with an official complaint against M Raveendran who had demanded a bribe of Rs 30,000 from him. The complainant had made an official application and had also deposited the amount required as per the norms of the electricity board but Raveendran kept his application pending and demanded Rs 30,000.After he approached the sleuths, an official complaint was registered against Raveendran on Thursday morning and they instructed Devaraj to handover the bribe as per his demand. A wad of currency marked with chemical phenolphthalein dye was handed over to Raveendran who pocketed it and within minutes the DVAC sleuths entered the office and took him into custody. Two witnesses were also planted inside the office building while the bribe was handed over. The hands and shirt pocket of the accused tested positive for phenolphthalein. The serial numbers of the currency notes seized from the accused were also found to be matching with ones that were noted down by the vigilance officials before it was handed over to Raveendran. The operation lasted for about ten minutes on Thursday morning.The sleuths further conducted a search at Raveendran's residence in PN Pudhur. Relevant documents were also seized from his office and residence. He was produced before the magistrate and remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698703", "title": "Ban on drawing water for farms from reservoirs", "text": "NAGPUR: Paucity of rains even in the first week of July has sent the alarm bells ringing in the state. After a recent appraisal of the situation, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has asked all district collectors to snap power connections to all agricultural pumps drawing water from reservoirs. The situation was reviewed at the cabinet meeting on Wednesday.The poor progress of monsoon this year has led to the authorities restricting water supply in several cities. With only 13% water left in reservoirs of the major dams, instructions have been issued to reserve the remaining water strictly for only drinking purpose.In the total 2436 large, medium and small dams in the state the stock has reduced to 4743 million cubic metres (Mcum) compared to 9721 Mcums at this time last year. Among 14 districts that have received only 40 to 60% of the average rainfall for this period are Nagpur, Gondia, Chandrapur, Gadchiroli, Pune, Thane, Dhule, Ahmednagar, Jalna, Aurangabad, Sangli, Osmanabad, Beed and Hingoli. Nandurbar and Jalgaon have received less than 40% rains. Only four districts including Amravati and Akola in Vidarbha have received 100% rainfall till date, the cabinet was informed.Farming operations for the kharif season have been hit by the failure of monsoon. Till date sowing work has been completed on 37.41 lakh hectares that accounts for 28% of the total cultivable land in the state. In some parts of Vidarbha, where cotton and soyabean have been sowed, there is a serious threat of seeds being wasted. They have not germinated for want of adequate rains or have wilted after germination because of high day temperatures during extended dry spells. The affected farmers are now waiting for fresh spells of rains to carry out resowing.Absence of rains has led to dipping of water tables by 1 to 20 metres in 27 talukas and around 3 metres in 15 talukas of the state. Fodder situation is also worrisome and the government has set up 238 fodder depots and 31 shelter camps for cattle. Till date Rs 92 crore have been spent by the state on taking care of cattle. Water is being supplied by tankers to 2300 villages and 6000 hamlets through 2600 tankers. Over Rs 80 crore have already been spent on it. Over 4 lakh people are being provided work under rural employment guarantee scheme. The Centre has extended special grant of Rs 574 crore for fighting the drought-like situation in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14709903", "title": "Tom Cruise's lawyer lashes out at Katie Holmes", "text": "Tom Cruise's lawyer accused the actor's wife of \"playing the media\" after she was photographed taking their daughter Suri out for an ice-cream.Attorney Bert Fields suggested that the 50-year-old actor will wait for his missus to \"wear everyone out\" with publicity stunts before he gives his version of their break-up.83-year-old Fields launched his attack as Suri was seen for the first time in public since Holmes announced on Friday that she is divorcing Cruise and wants sole custody of the six-year-old.Suri was seen gently stroking Holmes' face inside a New York ice cream parlour, near an apartment where she and the 33-year-old actress are staying.\"We are letting the other side play the media until they wear everyone out, and then we'll have something to say,\" the Daily Express quoted Fields as saying.\"It's not Cruise's style to do this publicly. He is really sad about what's happening,\" he said.The lawyer hinted that his client will file a counter-claim against Holmes.\"Tactically we can't say where Cruise will file a divorce case and if he'll seek joint custody,\" the lawyer added.Holmes filed papers in the Big Apple last Thursday to end the couple's five-year marriage citing \"irreconcilable differences.\"Sources close to the 'Batman Begins' star said that she feared Cruise planned to indoctrinate Suri into the hard-core Sea Org sect of the Scientology religion he follows.Holmes, who was raised a Roman Catholic, was allegedly unhappy with an \"audit\" the religion allegedly uses on believers' children to probe their secrets and fears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699612", "title": "No heart operations at Sassoon for lack of funds", "text": "PUNE: Poor people who have been advised heart surgeries have been waiting for their turn at the Sassoon general hospital for almost two months now. Reason: The state-run hospital does not have the required funds and skilled staff.Even as the poor patients suffer, hospital authorities said on Thursday that surgeries would start within a week. \"The money allotted under the state's Jeevandayi scheme for performing heart surgeries on poor people was delayed. Besides, the work contract of a cardiac surgeon had come to an end. Both the problems have now been resolved. All heart surgeries will begin at the hospital within a week,\" said one of hospital's administrators on the condition of anonymity.At Sassoon, the cost of cardiac surgeries ranges from Rs 70,000 to Rs 1.35 lakh, which would cost anything between Rs 1.5 lakh and Rs 4 lakh at private hospitals. Besides, 50% of the patients here are beneficiaries of the Jeevandayi scheme, meant for people from below poverty line category.A high number of poor patients come to the hospital's cardiovascular and thoracic surgery unit for treatment of rheumatic valvular disease. They are often admitted in an advanced stage with irregular heart beats. Nearly 50% of the operations at the hospital are performed to correct valvular heart diseases.Besides, Sassoon is the preferred place for poor patients needing angioplasty, a life-saving medical procedure to improve flow of blood to the heart. On an average, 15-20 angioplasties are performed here every month under the Jeevandayi scheme.A medical social worker admitted that the poor patients have been at the receiving end of this impasse. \"Bypass and valve replacement operations are not being performed. Besides, congenital heart ailments in children are yet to be attended. This is causing a lot of hardships to the poor and needy patients who are eagerly waiting for their turn to undergo surgery,\" the medical social worker said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14703275", "title": "Pricey vegetables leave people grumbling", "text": "VARANASI: The scarcity of vegetables in the markets has made the sabzi mandis look deserted. The increasing prices would add to the problems of the people for a few more days.According to district horticulture officer Jyoti Singh, the main reason for the scarcity of vegetables is the prolonged summer season. \"Monsoon also contributes to the production of vegetables as far as water content is concerned but its role in production becomes secondary as more than 60 per cent cultivated area of the district is irrigated via tubewells, canals or other sources of water,\" he said.The average temperature of the region during this summer was around 43 degree Celsius to 45 degree Celsius. The high temperature aborts the flower's ovary and hampers fruit setting in plants and decreases production. Vegetables in kharif and zayad season, specially brinjal, lady finger, parval, pumpkin, cucumber and others have suffered due to this reason. \"Even if the cultivation area is properly irrigated, lack of mositure due to delayed monsoon makes the vegetables fibrous and decreases the juicy content,\" he added.\"The average consumption of vegetable by a person should be 400 grams while as per the present production, only 180 grams could be consumed by one person each day,\" he said.According to Prahlad, a vegetable seller at Vidyapeeth road, the cost of parval has increased to Rs 60 per kg while the green chilly selling for Rs 100 per kg are no longer been given free of cost with vegetables.\"Earlier Rs 50 to Rs 60 was enough to spend at a sabzi mandi. At present if you do not have Rs 150 to Rs 200 in hand, you will not get same amount of vegetables,\" a housewife at Chowkaghat area said. Another housewife said at Pandeypur that all the seasonal vegetables are costly and not as good in taste as before. The restaurants, eating joints and catering services are also confirming a similar situation. According to a caterer, although the wedding season this year was very short, there is immense shortage of vegetables this month.A woman who runs a tiffin service for working girls and students at Durgakund said: \"My customers complain that I am not providing them different vegetables. I charge Rs 25 per meal and it is not possible to meet the cost. Very often I try to cook rajma, mixed daal, curries, kachhauri and other cuisines instead of regular meals,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ariyalur", "code": "14701608", "title": "Ariyalur MLA's entourage attacked, none injured", "text": "ARIYALUR: The car of T Velmurugan, founder of Tamilaga Vaazhvurimai Katchi (TVK) and rebel PMK leader, was attacked by unidentified persons in Kaduvetti in Jayankondam area when he came to attend a function in Pappakudi here on Wednesday. The incident sparked tension in the area with his supporters staging a road-blockade demanding the arrest of the culprits.The incident occurred at around 11.30 am when Velmurugan and his supporters were on their way to Pappakudi near Kaduvetti village in more than five cars to attend the function. When their cars reached Kaduvetti, it was said that as many as 50 unidentified persons pelted stones on the cars. The windscreens of the five cars were broken. However, all of them including Velmurugan escaped the attack and no one sustained injuries. The attackers fled the scene immediately.The supporters of Velmurugan raised the issue and staged a road-blockade in Pappakudi. Traffic on the stretch came to a halt for more than half-an-hour. On being informed of the incident, Trichy DIG A Amalraj, Ariayalur SP MV Jaya Gowri and Jayankondam DSP M Sellamuthu rushed to the spot. A large posse of police personnel were also deployed to avoid any untoward incidents.The protesters pointed an accusing finger at PMK MLA of Jayankondam constituency, 'Kaduvetti', J Guru for the attack. They demanded the arrest of the accused persons immediately. However, police officials tried to pacify them and promised to take action. Later, they dispersed on the assurances of the police.Velmurugan was former PMK MLA of Panruti constituency in Cuddalore district. He exited the party and launched a political outfit called TVK earlier this year.Replying to the allegation against Guru, the legal wing state president of the PMK told TOI, \"Velmurugan, with an intention to instigate violence, went to Kaduvetti on his way to Pappakudi and dared the people to attack him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700674", "title": "Factory raided for fennel seeds adulteration", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you are one of those who like to munch on fennel seeds (variali in Gujarati) after a hearty meal, then here is some bitter truth. The Food and Drugs Control Authority (FDCA) officials raided a factory packing fennel seeds in Siddhpur and found that the manufacturer was using chemicals to enhance the colour of the seeds.FDCA officials found that the factory owner Sanjay Patel was buying third grade fennel seeds from the market, which were to be discarded and then used synthetic dye to colour it green and give it a fresh look. \"We seized more than 10,440 kilograms of the spurious fennel seeds packets from the firm which was called Satpal factory in Siddhpur town,\" said FDCA commissioner H G Koshia.Koshia said that the raid was conducted after a tip-off was received on FDCA's helpline number 1800-233-5500. \"The dye used in the fennel seeds was dangerous, we doubt whether it was edible. Under the new Food Safety and Standards Act, such a crime will invite six years of rigorous imprisonment and fine up to Rs 5 lakh,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14697905", "title": "Do not deprive industry of power: Confederation of Indian Industry", "text": "HYDERABAD: Coming down heavily on the state government for its tactic of slashing power supply to industry whenever it faced shortages, trade and industry body Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) urged better management of power requirements by, if necessary, purchase of power and called for adequate supply of gas to all gas-based power plants in Andhra Pradesh.\"That is possible through planning and purchase of power. It is also important to ensure adequate supply of gas to all gas-based power plants in the state that they are able to run at their full capacity,\" said Suchitra Ella, chairperson, CII Andhra Pradesh and joint managing director of Bharat Biotech International Ltd.She emphasized on the need for better planning on part of the state government for efficient management of the power requirements of industry.Expressing apprehension that the government may go for further power cuts on industry, she said that any such move would have an adverse impact on industrial growth in the state.\"We understand that the government may impose further power cuts on the industrial sector if the present crisis were to continue,\" she said, adding that \"industry is already facing two days of power holidays in a week and is not ready for any further power cuts\".While admitting that it was necessary to ensure seven hours of uninterrupted power to the agricultural sector for accelerating growth in the state, she said that the government should have taken care to generate additional power instead of proposing to tweak its supply to industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14699705", "title": "No clues yet as police speed up efforts to resolve gold theft case", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police have sped up their investigation into a massive robbery that took place on Tuesday night where two gold merchants in Selvapuram were robbed at gunpoint by a four member gang which looted 570 grams of gold worth Rs 17 lakh.According to police, S Venkatesh, 38 and his brother S Saravanan, 35, have been engaged in gold jewelry manufacturing at Ashok Nagar for the last twelve years. They stayed in a three-storey apartment with family where the middle floor was used as their office. The duo bought gold biscuits, distributed them among goldsmiths to make ornaments which were sold in Karnataka and other states.As there was no fixed time for their transactions, customers used to visit their house at night too. On Wednesday, around 12.30 am, four robbers knocked on their door. The duo believed that they were from Karnataka to conduct business and opened the door. The masked men were talking both in Kannada and Tamil. While two of the men held the gold manufacturers at gunpoint and knifepoint, the other two robbed the gold.They tied the duo's hands and legs with electrical wires and gagged them. Subsequently, they fled the scene. The duo managed to free themselves and get help from the residents in the ground floor. The Selvapuram police was alerted and officials conducted a detailed inquiry.During the preliminary inquiry, the victims told police that they had seen the gang using a white gun. When they were questioned on the source of the ornaments, the duo said they received gold jewels from a regular contact in Karnataka. However, the concerned person in Karnataka said during cross examination that he did not hand over any jewels to the duo. The contradictory statements given by the victims have affected the investigation, a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703461", "title": "Andheri school bus operator to stay, but with riders", "text": "MUMBAI: Parents of students and the management of C D Barfiwala High School have agreed to continue using the services of the same bus contractor if the vehicles comply with certain safety guidelines.On Thursday, a meeting was held in the Andheri school to discuss the matter. On June 27, a Class VI student of the institute was crushed under the rear wheels of a school bus while he was trying to board it.\"We had suspended the bus contract, but wanted to take the opinion of parents before coming up with a final decision. They assured us that they had no problems with the operator provided he ensured that the vehicles had women attendants and the contact details of the parents of all students travelling on a bus,\" said Bharat Valia, school trustee.\"We had two sessions, one with parents of students in the secondary section and another with guardians of children in the primary section. All of them have agreed,\" he added.The authorities will meet the bus operator on Friday to discuss the issues and seek it in writing that he will comply with the guidelines. \"If it works out, the operator will resume the bus service by Monday,\" said Valia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14700322", "title": "MCG tests machines that can fill pits in \u2018few hours\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: With the entire district administration going into a tizzy ever since the borewell tragedy took place, in which a four-year-old girl died, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG), it seems, is leaving no stone unturned to ensure that such incidents don't happen in the near future. On Wednesday, it tested a machine that \"fills potholes in a matter of few hours\".\"The machine is manufactured by an UK-based company and we just wanted to see how it works. We used this machine to fill some potholes in Shanti Nagar area and we are quite satisfied with the results. It has an infrared device through which it operates and fills pits and potholes in a matter of few hours.However, we will try it out a couple of times more before we decide to buy it for use in the MCG area,\" said an official. The official added: \"Potholes and pits have become a very serious issue among government departments ever since the Mahi incident took place in Manesar two weeks ago. We have now decided to fill all pits and potholes that are in our jurisdiction and such machines will come in handy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703083", "title": "96.5% scorer made error in form, has to wait for offline seats", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after TOI reported about an SSC student who, despite scoring 96.5%, has failed to get admission to a junior college through the online process, the education department checked his papers and said he had made some mistakes while filling forms.\"The student made changes to the online form after getting confirmation once. His form is still pending because he forgot to re-confirm it online,\" said state education minister Rajendra Darda. An education official told TOI the student would have to wait till the online process was over and directly seek admission to colleges, depending on the availability of seats.On Thursday, 6,000 candidates, whose names appeared on the second merit list, confirmed their admissions. \"Candidates have till Saturday afternoon to confirm their seats. Colleges will have to surrender the rest of their seats by Saturday evening for the next round,\" said a senior education official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699624", "title": "Four students injured in e-way mishap", "text": "PUNE: Four students of a private architecture college in Pune suffered severe injuries after their car overturned following a tyre burst at Gahunje on Pune-Mumbai Expressway on Thursday morning.The Dehu Road police have identified the injured studentsas Rucha Baban Dorge (19) of Vishrantwadi, Vaibhav Machhindra Gaikwad (19) of Dange Chowk, Ashwini Vasant Manmode (18) of Deccan Gymkhana and Shreya Shetty (19) of Mumbai. The condition of Shreya and Ashwini is said to be critical. Rohit Agarwal, who was driving the car, escaped with minor injuries, the police said.Assistant sub-inspector of the Dehu Road police station Prakash Ahiwale said the incident took place around 10.30 am, when the five students were heading towards Lonavla for a monsoon picnic. The tyre burst near Gahunje stadium, and the car overturned. \"Four students sustained severe injuries in the accident.\"Ahiwale said they were immediately taken to a private hospital in Nigdi. Ashwini and Shreya are undergoing treatment in an intensive care unit of the hospital. \"All of them are second year students of architecture,\" Ahiwale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703977", "title": "Adarsh scam: Bureaucrats plan to contest former CMs\u2019 claims", "text": "MUMBAI: A few senior civil servants serving in the Maharashtra government are planning to challenge the allegations made by former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh , Sushilkumar Shinde and Ashok Chavan against bureaucrats before the two member judicial commission probing the Adarsh scam.One member of the group considering the move said on Thursday that the bureaucrats have \"sought legal opinion\". \"If our lawyer agrees, we will file counter-affidavits before the commission. We feel that since specific allegations have been made against a section of bureaucrats, they should have the right to file a reply,\" he said.In their affidavits and depositions before the commission, the three ex-CMs blamed bureaucrats for the Adarsh society receiving permissions and concessions. Chavan, who has been chargesheeted in the case, claimed he acted on the recommendation of then revenue secretary D K Sankaran. Shinde and Deshmukh, meanwhile, maintained they were guided by senior IAS officers in the CM's secretariat and had signed clearances \"acting in good faith\"; they argued that it is not possible for a chief minister to read every file submitted before him.Conversely, the bureaucrats accused in the Adarsh case\u2014Ramanand Tiwari, Subhash Lala and Pradeep Vyas\u2014pointed out that the approvals finally came from the politicians.The bureaucrat who is not in the scope of the probe and who spoke to TOI agreed: \"Our contention is clear. Proposals are brought to the notice of the chief minister with their pros and cons. It is the responsibility of the CM to take a decision. The chief minister can't escape responsibility.\"He said it was unfortunate the three ex-CMs blamed officials reporting to them. \"Rules of business, which govern the functioning of the state government, are very clear. Civil servants are expected to provide policy options, while the political leadership is responsible for taking final decisions.\"The bureaucrat also asserted that All India Service Rules do not require \"a civil servant to inform the chief minister\" if he or she becomes a member of a cooperative housing society on a land \"allotted by the revenue department\".CBI officer heading probe transferredA day after the CBI submitted its chargesheet in the Adarsh housing scam, joint director Rishi Raj Singh who was heading the probe has been transferred from the agency's anti-corruption bureau to its economic offences wing. Keshav Kumar, a 1986 batch IPS officer of Gujarat cadre, posted in CBI Delhi will take over from Singh on Friday.It is learnt that Singh was taken by surprise and upset when he received the transfer order at 3.30pm on Thursday. Singh, an IPS officer of 1985 batch belonging to Kerala cadre, had completed four years and two months and had only eight months left for his tenure in the CBI. Singh is likely to ask for early repatriation to Kerala, it is learnt. Singh declined to comment.An official said since the probe into Adarsh is continuing it was not proper to transfer Singh at this stage. \"No officer has been transferred like this before,\" said a former CBI official. A CBI spokesperson, however, called the transfer routine and part of a reshuffle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14698716", "title": "Building plan approval unheard of on outskirts", "text": "BANGALORE: The crash of the four-storeyed under-construction illegal residential structure in Garudacharpalya, Mahadevapura, claiming two lives has raised several questions: how could a high-rise come up without obtaining mandatory clearances from civic agencies?That all the four storeys building had been constructed also points to the fact that the structure had evaded all monitoring and inspections, if ever they are conducted by the jurisdictional Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP).When contacted, ML Munikrishna, chief engineer, Mahadevapura zone, said that the building owner had not obtained the mandatory plan approval from BBMP.The Garducaharpalya illegal building is no aberration on the city's skyline. Illegal structures are in fact the norm in BBMP's newly added areas.\"It is true that many houses have been constructed and still are under construction on the outskirts of the city, especially in the 110 villages that have been newly added to BBMP, without requisite approvals and clearances. Ward engineers must look into such violations in their jurisdictions,\" said BT Ramesh, Engineer in chief, BBMP.The fact that BBMP is yet to establish its offices in most of the newly added areas means that not only does public have no access to ward engineers and BBMP officials but also that most of the construction activity is beyond the civic agency's radar. Most newly-added areas only have BBMP help centres whose sole job is to collect property tax.Vast swathes of areas in Greater Bangalore are revenue pockets where agricultural lands have been converted for residential and other purposes without clearances. The residential plots here have no khata which is mandatory for obtaining building plan approvals. Khatas are issued only to those plots which have obtained land use conversion.Srinivas L (name changed), a senior citizen who owns a piece of property in CN Palya near Doddabidarakallu, off Tumkur Road, told TOI that there was no BBMP office in the vicinity. \"I have a B khata issued by BBMP, which is only for the purpose of paying tax. There is no agency which issues an ownership document for many like me, who have ended up buying a site on the outskirts for affordable price as having property in the core was just next to impossible,\" he explained.Speaking to TOI, a senior engineer in the BBMP town planning wing admitted that the flaw lies within the civic agency too. \"There are high-rise buildings (above 15 metres tall) that are coming up on 30 ft by 40 ft plots on the outskirts. This is nothing but blatant building by-law violation. BBMP should do something to tackle the problem of these illegal structures that come up conspicuously.\"\"The vast number of houses on revenue sites is also a humanitarian issue. Assuming BBMP wants to raze them, it doesn't even have the required staff and machinery to do it,\" he said.Expert speakNS Mukunda, president, Citizens' Action Forum, alleged that civic agencies had failed in planning urban infrastructure on the outskirts of Bangalore. \"Primarily, there is the problem of lack of regulation. Engineers concerned will be aware of the violation happening in their jurisdiction, but yet take no action. They have no supporting squad to demolish a building even if they want to. Ideally, the properties in the revenue pockets which do not have land conversion certificates must not be registered by sub-registrars. This is where the illegalities can be nipped in the bud,\" he said.\"The AT Ramaswamy report on encroached land says that over 12,000 acres of government land has been encroached on in the city. Let this be taken over by the government for providing affordable housing within the city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14703074", "title": "\u2018Shab-e-Barat\u2019 brings a day to seek forgiveness", "text": "LUDHIANA: \"Shab-e-Barat\", considered the night of salvation by Muslims, was celebrated on Thursday night in the city with special prayers at mosques and Muslim homes.The 15th night of the Islamic month \"Shabaan\" is known as \"Shab-e-Barat\" and it means the night of forgiveness. Shahnawaz Ahmed, an MNC employee from Shivaji Nagar, says, \"The faithful offer special prayers and follow the practice adopted by our holy prophet by visiting the graves of their near and dear ones. After praying throughout Thursday night, Muslims will also observe a fast on Friday.\"Chartered accountant Manzoor Aalam from Haibowal says, \"It is believed that one may gain forgiveness for all sort of misdeeds on this night by offering special prayers to Allah.\" Mosques were decorated with colourful lights and candles lit up Muslim homes on \"Shab-e-Barat\".Shahi-Imaam of Punjab Maulana Habib-ur-Rehman Saani Ludhianvi says, \"It is a night of forgiveness and good fortune. The Prophet used to visit the graveyard on this night to make people aware of death, so that they may repent for their past sins and return to the right path.\" Special arrangements have been made for prayers at Shahi Mosque and sweet water will be distributed on this occasion, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14703189", "title": "Syringes banned in Olympic Village to stop doping", "text": "BANGALORE: India's national sports federations have been informed about the rule. Surprise checks of baggage and players' rooms may be carried out at the Games Village. The British anti-doping authorities are working with the customs to stop performance-enhancing drugs from entering the country. Checks will likely begin at the airport.Exceptions are made in legitimate cases. Athletes and team doctors must get the clearance of the Games' chief medical officer for use of needles under proper medical circumstances. In 2006, a similar attempt was made at the Melbourne Commonwealth Games by combining Australia's anti-doping rules and a CWG commitment to thwart drug cheats.The IOC hasn't woken up too soon. After the IOC approved the policy in Durban in 2011, its medical commission chairman Arne Ljungqvist had been quoted as saying: \"It (needles and other medical equipment at the Games) gives a very bad image and a bad message and can relate to misuse of drugs and doping... We do not want (athletes' medical) treatment to take place anywhere and (medicine) be administered by anyone. A doctor will, of course, retain the right to treat an athlete as he deems necessary, but we want to be kept informed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14698996", "title": "UP to seek plan panel nod for state plan", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh will participate in the maiden meeting of the Planning Commission with state governments on Friday. UP will be represented by vice-chairman of the state planning board NC Bajpai. The first-of-its-kind meeting, headed by deputy chairman of the Planning Commission, Montek Singh Ahluwalia, is aimed at improving the functional relationship between the Centre and states. A senior government official said: \"Though Friday's meeting is meant for all states, UP, which has prepared its 12th Plan, will, through a consultative process, be able to plan better for implementing growth initiatives in the state.''Bajpai will attend the day-long workshop for better coordination and working together in the context of the 12th Plan. Facilitated by Planning Commission member Arun Maira, officials said, Ahluwalia will explain the philosophy, content, and strategy of the 12th Plan to the state government representatives. This will be followed by a presentation on the different scenarios that the country could have -- an exercise that the Commission has recently concluded. The exercise is also aimed to help state governments to engage with the Planning Commission and seek better support.Recently, chief minister Akhlesh Yadav held a review meeting of the state planning department and emphasised the government's commitment to create employment for 10 million people and make UP grow at 10% during the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17). Bajpai, in his Friday meeting with Planning Commission members, is also expected to convey the CM's proposal of Rs 3.61 lakh crore for the all-round development of state during the Plan period.Among key proposals made by UP government in the Plan document, the government aims to ensure 5% growth in the agriculture sector, 11.2% in industrial sector and 11.9% growth in the services sector during the 12{+t}{+h} Plan. The government has also proposed new policies for sugar, agriculture, food processing, biotechnology and renewal energy, apart from industrial development, higher education , IT and housing and rehabilitation.UP government has also made allocations to the tune of Rs 1,25,835.16 crore for developing energy, irrigation and traffic sectors, with the state deciding to connect all district headquarters with four-lane roads. In the area of human resource development, the state government has made an allocation of Rs 1.01 lakh crore. In the 12{+t}{+h} Plan, the state government also aims to curtail the drop out rate of children from schools to below 5%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14699348", "title": "Who's handling Haryana's power? A doc and an MBA", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Call it a case of gross oversight or total indifference, Haryana government seems to have ignored logic while handing an issue as grave as the state's power crisis.The state government installed two of its IAS officers Amit Aggarwal and Tarun Bajaj - both with no training or little experience - to lead the power distribution and transmission companies of the state respectively at a time when Haryana is reeling under such severe power crisis that it is leading to riots across the state, including it's millennium city - Gurgaon.Amit Agrawal, a 2003-batch IAS officer and MD of Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam, is a medical doctor, having done his MBBS from Rajasthan.Tarun Bajaj, a 1988-batch IAS officer and managing director of Haryana Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited, is a commerce graduate and post-graduate in finance from IIM-Ahmedabad.Agrawal had taken the charge at a peak summer time of June this year. His charge is an additional portfolio to his posting in Hisar as deputy commissioner. Before assuming the charge at DHBVN, he had largely served as deputy commissioner of Ambala, Palwal and administrator of HUDA at Gurgaon. As far as his experience in power sector is concerned, this is Agrawal's second term as an MD of DHBVN.Earlier in May, he was given an additional charge and the same was withdrawn after Arun Kumar Gupta, who currently holds charge of managing director of Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN), had been given addition charge at DHBVN as well. The charge was given back to him within 20 days.Agrawal's predecessors were transferred and replaced at a similar pace. The state government is yet to identify an officer with an independent portfolio for DHBVN.Bajaj, too, has largely held the posts of secretary level. He had only briefly handled the erstwhile Haryana State Electricity Board (HSEB) as its managing director between November 1999 and September 2002.His second stint with the state's power wing began in June last year, when he was given the charge of Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited (HPGCL) after his return from the Union ministry of finance.After a brief stint as commissioner, Rohtak Range, Bajaj joined as HVPN's MD in January this year.Recently, the situation had become worse when daggers were drawn between HVPN and DHBVN. Agrawal had shot of a letter to Bajaj, apprising the head of former about violations of power regulatory measures during the critical power situation seen in Gurgaon.Frequency of official changes at DHBVNIncumbency chart of DHBVNVijendera Kumar June 2005 - June 2008 ( PG in history)Anurag Aggarwal July 2008 to April 2010 (MBA )Sudhir Rajpal April 2010 to Feb 2011 ( PG in business administration)Mohd Shayin Feb 2011- Feb 2012 (agriculture and business management)Anurag Aggarwal Feb 2012 - April 2012 currently MD HPGCLAmit Aggarwal May 2012 (one week)Arun Kumar Gupta May-June 2012 (20 days)Amit Aggarwal Since June 27 as additional charge of MD", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14710007", "title": "DRDO in the process of developing robotic soldiers", "text": "COIMBATORE: DRDO is in the process of developing robotic soldiers, which would take a final shape soon, a top official said here on Thursday.These soldiers are capable of sensing and clearing mines, which would benefit and help all forces and works are going on in Bangalore and Pune units, V K Saraswat, director general, Defence Research and Development Organisation, told reporters.DRDO was also building a robot mule to carry heavy luggage upto 400 KG to high altitudes and more details would be available by the year end.Since soldiers develop many physical problems, the organisation has now started working on high altitudes and carrying out research on how to mitigate these problems, he said. \"We are also developing medicine for them and also working on high altitude agriculture.\".On export of Brahmos missile, Saraswat, here to inaugurate the transit facility at Bharathiar University-DRDO Centre for Life Science, said there was huge demand for the missile from other countries, including Indonesia and Malaysia. However, there was no proposal to export now, as there was need to produce them to meet India's demands,he said.DRDO was looking for one more production centre for the missiles, which at present were being produced at Hyderabad and Thiruvanthapuram, he said.\"First time, we are now producing complex missiles in large numbers. Akash is in the production stage and a few companies like Bharat Electronics Ltd are manufacturing it. This is a very good sign. We have achieved 80 per cent self-sufficiency in missiles,\" Saraswat said.It was also a good sign that about 400 industries were involved, by contributing components for the missiles.\"We are improving our self-reliance,and in self-reliance index we have reached about 55 per cent in the past 10 years.\"Saraswat, also chief scientific adviser to the defence minister, declined to comment on the Adarsh Scam, particularly on Bombay high court asking the Defence ministry to contest the Maharashtra government's claim that CBI has no jurisdiction to investigate it. \"I do not want to express any views on that.I am not related to it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "14709092", "title": "Amarnath Yatra crosses 2 lakh pilgrim mark", "text": "JAMMU: The number of pilgrims who have paid obeisance at the Amarnath shrine this year has crossed the two lakh mark.\"As many as 2,10,524 pilgrims have paid obeisance at the Ice Lingam of Lord Shiva at Amarnath shrine in South Kashmir Himalayas till last night,\" officials associated with the Yatra said on Thursday.Over 21,000 more devotees are on their way to the cave shrine on Thursday from the two identified routes of Baltal and Pahalgam.\"The yatra is going on smoothly as pilgrims are paying obeisance without any difficulty,\" they said.The religious voyage, which started after Prathum Pooja by state governor N N Vohra at the cave shrine, will conclude on August 2 coinciding with Rakhsha Bandhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699112", "title": "Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University to open sample collection centres", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University's pathology department would open collection centres at several places to streamline the working. Spokesperson Prof Abbas Ali Mahdi informed that the centres would come up at Regional Artificial Limb Centre, Queen Mary's Hospital, OPD block, Gandhi Ward, Paediatrics Department and Surgery Department.He added that reports of samples collected till 12.00 noon will be given by 2.00 pm and those collected by 2.00 pm will be delivered to the patients by 4.00 pm. Technicians will collect the samples and also deliver the reports.Facilities and infrastructure available in the pathology department will be availed and wherever there is a need, then machines will be outsourced. They said that they need six months to improve the services and implement all this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698890", "title": "Headless Nagpur Municipal Corporation gropes in dark", "text": "NAGPUR: The municipal administration of city is headless! Even since municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal was transferred to Aurangabad as divisional commissioner a month ago, the post is lying vacant. To make matters worse, the post of additional municipal commissioner too is vacant for nearly a year after Vishnupad Bute retired on August 31, 2011.Delay in making appointments to both the posts has thrown the civic administration completely out of gear. \"The commissioner is chief executive of a municipal corporation. The functioning gets hampered in his absence,\" corporators said. First time corporator from Zingabai takli ward Sangeeta Gire said that in absence of the top two officials many works were stuck. \"My ward comprises 211 NIT layouts and most of them are undeveloped. Residents are asking me when I would fulfill the promises made during the civic elections,\" she said.Another corporator Mahendra Borkar said that being people's representatives, corporators have to ensure development in the wards. The absence of a civic head affected the development works as decisions are not being taken on time, he said.District collector Saurabh Rao is holding additional charge of both municipal commissioner and additional municipal commissioner. Ruling party corporator Shravan Khapekar felt that only a full-time municipal commissioner could carry out the responsibility well.\"It is about five months since I got elected as a corporator but no developmental work is carried out in my constituency yet. All the proposals for my ward are awaiting civic chief's nod,\" he said.Corporators pointed out that the civic chief was required to personally inspect and review works while clearing bills. \"This can only be done by a full-time commissioner, not an officiating civic chief. This is more so because district collector's post is just as critical, specially during monsoon. No incumbent would be able to do justice to both,\" one city father said.Despite repeated attempts, district collector Saurabh Rao was not available for comment. However, a senior NMC official admitted he (Rao) was finding it difficult to manage both the collectorate and NMC. The officer pointed out that on Wednesday when the National Institute of Urban Affairs team visited the NMC and the officiating civic chief was not even in the town, as he had gone to Bawanthadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14700290", "title": "2nd \u2018abandoned\u2019 twin also dies", "text": "GURGAON: The second abandoned twin died on Thursday during treatment in the Civil Hospital.The deceased were twin children of Rani and Premlal, residents of Hassanpur village in Mewat district.The parents had left their newborn twins in the Civil Hospital on Wednesday and were away for several hours. When they returned, one of the babies had died.According to doctors at the civil hospital, the newborn twins were brought to the government hospital after they were born at Sunrise Hospital around 10am. \"Their parents left the children here and said that they were going to get the admission receipt. But they did not return for long. Since there have been similar cases in the past, we informed the police. We were treating them when one of the twins died,\" said Dr Parminder Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14702972", "title": "31-yr-old leaps to death from 22nd floor", "text": "BANGALORE: A 31-year-old man, who had gone into a depression after a close friend died and he lost his job after meeting with an accident, leapt to his depth from the terrace of the 22-storey Visvesvaraya Towers on Dr B R Ambedkar Veedhi around 11.20 am on Thursday.The deceased was identified as Narasimha Narasimhaiah, a resident of Srinagar in Hanumanthnagar. Narasimha had got married only 18 months ago. He is survived by his parents, three sisters and a wife, who is expecting. However, what provoked Narasimha to take the extreme step is not known as he has not left any suicide note.Passersby on Ambedkar Veedhi were jolted by the loud thud of Narasimha falling on an SUV that was parked in the Visvesvaraya Tower parking lot. But no one dared to rush to check the man's state till the police arrived.Palakshaiah, an eyewitness, told TOI: \"I was walking to the parking lot. It was 11.20 am. I heard a loud thud. This man fell first on to the SUV and then rolled on to the ground,\" he said. Police rushed to the spot to find Narasimha dead.One of his legs got severed below the knee. The body was sent to Bowring Hospital.Hearing about his only son's death, Narasimhaiah rushed to the spot. \"My son was in depression since two months,\" he told the media and police.Family members said that Narasimha had met with an accident three months ago. \"His right leg was fractured and doctors advised him bed rest. He was working as a salesman with a trader in Chamarajpet and had to quit the job as doctors advised him bed rest,\" they said.On Thursday morning, Narasimha left his residence with a cousin, saying they are heading to the Raghavendra Mutt in Srinagar. \"After visiting the mutt, he sent away his cousin, saying he had some work and apparently headed straight to Visvesvaraya Towers,\" police added.A senior police officer said that they would question how access to the terrace had not been restricted. \"First they told us that an AC duct was being repaired. On visiting the spot, we could not find any such activity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14699402", "title": "Burundi national seeks justice for comatose son", "text": "PATIALA: More than two months since an attack on his student son in Jalandhar, Burundi national Nestor Ntibateganya has been running from pillar to post seeking justice for his comatose son. Two letters he wrote to the Punjab chief minister have failed to move the authorities yet.On April 22, Yannick Nihangaza, 23, a BSc computer student of a private university was going to attend a party in Jalandhar when some unidentified persons attacked him, severely beat him up and threw him on roadside. He was taken to a hospital by some unidentified persons.Later, due his serious condition, he was referred to a private hospital in Patiala, where he is lying in coma since then. Though Jalandhar police have arrested some persons for the attack, the case has not moved forward and police are yet to arrest the other accused, sources said.During the last 15 days, Nestor has written two letters to Punjab CM for help, but both went unanswered. Nestor wants strict punishment for the accused, who damaged the brain of his young son for no reason and has also sought help from Punjab government to take back his injured son to Burundi.\"Since Punjab CM is also a father, I request him to think at least once as a father,\" said Nestor.Doctors at the hospital said that Yannick has been in coma since he was admitted there as he has suffered serious neurological injuries in the brain.Meanwhile, three accused were named in the case. Two of them -- Sahil Deep Singh and Bunny Ralhan -- were arrested by Jalandhar police while third accused, Amandeep Singh, is at large. SHO, police station division No 7, Harinder Singh, said that there were other unidentified accused as well. The two arrested were not aware of the identity of other accused and only Amandeep, who is at large, could reveal information about them, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14703081", "title": "State-level panel will implement juvenile justice act", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by the Chief Justice has constituted a state-level committee for effective implementation of the juvenile justice act and rules in the state. A committee headed by Justice Huluvadi Ramesh and comprising Justices Ravi Mallimath and BV Pinto, which was overseeing remand and observation homes, has been designated a state-level committee by the bench.The committee will be enlarged with co-opted members like principal secretary to the home department, member secretary to the Karnataka State Legal Services Authority, representatives from the Karnataka Commission for Protection of Child Rights, Centre For Child Law ( NLSIU), Concern for Working Children and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14700109", "title": "Margao Municipal Council avoids major discussion on important issues at meeting", "text": "MARGAO: Despite all talk of decentralizing urban governance and empowering urban local bodies, the Margao Municipal Council (MMC), at its monthly meeting held recently, failed to hold any meaningful debate on some of the important issues listed on the agenda. It preferred to defer discussions to a later, unspecified date.To cite an instance, one of the items on the agenda pertained to the proposed Street Vendors (protection of livelihood and regulation of street vending) Bill, 2012.The directorate of municipal administration (DMA) had invited comments from the MMC on the bill formulated by the ministry of housing and poverty alleviation, government of India. The bill is soon to be tabled in Parliament.When the issue came up for discussion, none of the councillors spoke on the issue, prompting the chairperson, Arthur D'Silva, to defer the item. When contacted, D'Silva told TOI that the councillors wanted more time to study the issue and hence no discussion could take place.The draft bill envisages making of bylaws or rules to regulate the practices of street-vending and also determines terms and conditions for providing benefits of insurance, maternity benefits, old age pension and other social security schemes to street vendors.Another issue that was skirted by the council at the meeting was the formation of a three-member committee constituting of experts in the field of traditional businesses/occupations to recommend such traders within the municipal area to the Goa State Traditional Occupation Accreditatures Council, constituted by the state government.\"The committee will be formed soon,\" D'Silva said.Further, the MMC, at its last meeting, also failed to engage the councillors in any discussion on the items listed on the agenda pertaining to the proposal of the ministry of food processing industries, New Delhi, of providing financial assistance for setting up a new abattoir.The DMA had asked the MMC to send its proposal. However, the councillors chose to evade this issue too.Expressing concern over the lack of seriousness on the part of councillors to offer views on topics that matter most to the public, grassroots political watchers are of the view that the government should take steps to educate councillors on their roles in participative democracy.\"For any serious debate to be held on important issues in the council meetings, the councillors should arm themselves with thorough knowledge of the issues listed in the agenda. The government should also hold training sessions and orientation programmes for the councillors regularly. Ironically, however, what is generally seen is that such events invariably end up as pleasure jaunts for the participating councillors,\" MMC's ex-chairperson Savio Coutinho said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14696821", "title": "Relics feed belief about Mughal mosque", "text": "NEW DELHI: A stone masonry deck and old artifacts unearthed during excavation for the Subhash Park Metro station have led to speculation among locals that these could be the remains of Akbarabadi Masjid that was razed by the British after the 1857 uprising.While the Archaeological Survey of India is still to inspect these findings, the area's Muslim residents seem excited about the discovery and have already started revering the site. On Thursday, Matia Mahal MLA Shoaib Iqbal said, \"When I was a child, elders used to ask us not to wear shoes and play at this place. They believed the Akbarabadi mosque lay somewhere here. But we never saw any remains. After three weeks of digging, we finally have evidence.\" Chandni Mahal resident Md Yasin said, \"I think we have found the Akbarabadi mosque because all the marble engravings seem to be very old\".The mosque, built in 1650 AD by one of Shahjahan's wives, Akbarabadi Begum, was razed almost 160 years ago. People's sudden interest in it, therefore, may be inspired by childhood tales. A skeptical Inamuddin, who sells shoes outside the Metro site, said: \"How can we say this is the same mosque, though we have heard there used to be a very old mosque here?\"Iqbal and some other locals said parts of a stone wall and the mosque structure, some stone utensils, pieces of pillars, finials and engravings had been found at the site. When the first artifacts were unearthed, Delhi Metro had denied the possibility of their being remnants of Akbarabadi Masjid. The chief minister, after a meeting with senior Metro officers, chief secretary PK Tripathi and Iqbal, had later said ASI's opinion would be sought before resuming the Metro work.ASI officials told TOI they had not received any request to inspect the site but would do so all the same. \"There are references in several books about the mosque standing at the site in question. But we cannot comment till the area is explored and excavated properly. A detailed study is needed,'' said a senior ASI official.Superintending archaeologist Dr DN Dimri said he would visit the site soon. \"I will see the findings. Other departments in ASI can be involved to authenticate them, and we will handle things accordingly,'' he said. ASI's excavation branch and institute of archaeology are likely to be involved.Other conservationists said discovery of the remains was not surprising as the mosque had stood in the area. \"It is well known that in the aftermath of 1857 the British cleared hundreds of structures between Jama Masjid and Red Fort, including the Shahjahan-era Akbarabadi Masjid. The mosque would have rivaled Fatehpuri Masjid and Zeenat ul Masjid in scale, and its foundations would be of significant interest,'' said conservationist Ratish Nanda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14696869", "title": "28 Munna Bhais booked for fraudulently obtaining admission to Gandhi Medical College", "text": "BHOPAL: As many as 28 students of Gandhi Medical College (GMC) here have been booked for fraudulently obtaining admissions in 2009-10. Action was initiated against them based on the report of the probe committee that was formed around a year ago to identify the alleged Munna Bhais, who managed to gain admissions in the medical institute.\"The matter has been referred to the police on after coming across the discrepancies in the photographs of the students they pasted on different occasions while applying for the pre-medical test, appearing in exams and counseling,\" said the GMC dean Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava.Out of around 140 students admitted during that period, the Madhya Pradesh Professional Education Board (MPPEB) had raised suspicion on the credentials of 36 students. A committee was formed by the GMC to examine the details furnished by them including their photographs and documents submitted on different occasions.The committee gave a clean chit to eight students while the way 28 students obtained admission generated suspicion. Subsequently, the matter was forwarded to police for carrying out the investigation into it.The committee had also matched the finger prints of the 28 accused, report of which has been handed over to the police along with other documents.Additional superintendent of police Rajesh Singh Chandel confirmed that a case has been registered against 28 GMC fake students.Prime facie, there was a difference in the faces of the students, who appeared in the examination and those who later took the admission. The finger prints of the accused will be sent to forensic tests for re-examination, the police added.Medical education department sources said that the credentials of the previous years' MBBS batches at the GMC would also examined.Three went missing after probe beganThree of the total 28 students had gone missing from the GMC soon after the committee initiated probe. The GMC sources pointed out that the three students, names of whom were not disclosed, never appeared before the committee. They neither replied to the number of missives sent by the college over the period nor did they give their finger prints for verification, the GMC sources added.The GMC authorities have ruled out taking any action against the accused students at this stage. In case if they complete the degrees and move out by the time police find them guilty, the college would request the Medical Council of India to cancel their degrees. Secondly, if the police complete the investigation before the completion of the degree, then they would be terminated from the college, the GMC authorities added.The accusedPyarelal, Jogendra, Navneet, Kapil, Prem, Ishendra, Saurabh, Anand, Akash, Gaurav, Raghuveer, Rameshwar, Ramlakhan, Ravi, Saurabh, Sanjay, Deepak, Raj Kishore, Ranju, Ashwini, Neeraj, Anil, Surendra, Rohit, Yogesh, Sandeep, Dinesh and Nagendra. One of the accused, Ravi, is already in jail on charges of abetting a girl student of the GMC to commit suicide a few months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14699452", "title": "No telecast of national award winner 'I Am' on DD", "text": "MUMBAI: Filmmaker Onir Ban's national award winning film I AM will not be telecast on Doordarshan. The director's application for U certification required for the national broadcaster was turned down by the Censor Board.\"We had edited about 7 minutes of the films, all abuses, kisses or anything that might seem unfit. And then I was told that the subject of the film cannot be U. Which means DD will not be able to screen my film,'' Onir tweeted.\"What really angers me is how people stick to old rusted policies. If all satellite channels can telecast UA films, why should the Doordarshan audience be deemed unfit for the same? As a film that has received National Award we get preference and a little bit more money for DD telecast. I was happy for all of us who made this film possible. That finally we can recover our costs. But I did not foresee this bureaucratic block,\" Onir said.The director takes objection to Aamir Khan discussing child sexual abuse and sperm donation in the morning show of an entertainment channel. He posts, \"I DO NOT UNDERSTAND if DD can screen a SATYAME JAYATE why should OUR film I AM be deprived of the same.''I Am is a series of four short stories about issues facing modern Indian society, ranging from policing of homosexual men to adult survivors of childhood sex-abuse, and unmarried motherhood. The film, starring Rahul Bose, Manisha Koirala and Juhi Chawla and Sanjay Suri, has already been screened at various national and international film festivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14707399", "title": "Shatrughan Sinha to be discharged today", "text": "Shatrughan Sinha , who was admitted to Kokilaben Ambani Hospital in Andheri on Monday this week, will be discharged today. The 67-year-old complained of breathlessness after developing an allergic reaction to wall paint.Apparently, the veteran actor has never known a day's illness, let alone be hospitalised, making it a tough week for the family. Wife Punam Sinha was by his side throughout.A source close to the Sinhas told TOI, \"Punamji refused to leave Shatruji's side even for a minute, and that's the way he liked it. While the couple's twins Luv and Kush are capable of looking after themselves, Punamji likes to accompany Sonakshi to her shoots. She was unable to do so for the first time since Sona started facing the camera.\"The source added, \"It's been a wake-up call for Shatruji, who never really takes care of his health. While in hospital, he went through several tests. By the grace of God, he is fine.\" Sonakshi, Luv and Kush have planned a surprise welcome for their dad, we hear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14697043", "title": "MANIT student paper comes in for praise at Paris", "text": "BHOPAL: An innovative idea of battery-less sensors of MANIT student Sakshi Jain came in for praise at a recently organized \"Go green in the city\" event in Paris. She was among the finalists selected from nine participating nations.A third-year architecture student, Sakshi presented several innovative ideas with the theme PoD (power on demand) which aims at efficient utilization of power consumption in urban buildings. \"We presented four ideas, including neural networks , Zigbee technology, battery-less sensors and fault detection,\" Sakshi said. She added all four ideas received good response at the event after her technical paper presentation.Asked about the Zigbee technology, she said the idea was to present a wireless network consuming less energy. \"In our presentation, we put forward a concept in which wireless network for small pointing devices. The concept highlighted that it consumes much lesser energy than wi-fi systems. Besides, it has longer reach compared to other devices,\" Sakshi claimed. She teamed with Siddharth V Pillai, who hails from Bhopal . Currently, Pillai is a student at IIT, Chennai.About battery-less sensors she said it is a concept which is powered by photovoltaic cells. \"It can transmit up to 40 times before getting discharged by using a tank circuit,\" Sakshi said. She added that participants from other countries approached her to discuss about battery-less sensors.Besides, Sakshi presented the concept of neural network.\"Go Green in the City\" is an international case challenge event for university business and engineering students around the world to find better solutions for energy management. Teams from Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Poland, Russia, Turkey and the USA participated in the event.The applicants were asked to present a creative presentation of their idea for intelligent energy solutions. The 25 best teams were invited to Paris in June earlier this year to make their final presentations in front of a panel of judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699542", "title": "Nashik company to pay Rs 2.8L as octroi fine", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Monday recovered a fine of Rs 2.85 lakh from a local trading firm for octroi evasion. The flying squad of the NMC on Monday detained a tempo carrying gutka and other items worth Rs. 5.71 lakh for trying to evade octroi amounting to Rs. 25,988.The tempo, which was carrying goods belonging to a local trading company, Sunil G Centre, owned by Sunil Amrutkar, near Pathardi bridge, had entered the city from the octroi naka on Dindori Road without paying the octroi amount.The NMC administration recovered the fine of Rs. 2.85 lakh from the owner of the local firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703063", "title": "Central Railway official tutors mishap witness, suspended", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Railway has suspended a railway engineer for tutoring a vendor in giving misleading statements to the commissioner of railway safety (CRS), Central Circle, which is probing the accident at Vangani. The vendor's \"incoherent statement\" to the investigating officers reportedly gave the engineer away.On June 26, three pantographs of a CST-Karjat train broke after they got entangled with the Overhead Equipment (OHE) wire as it approached Vangani station, near Badlapur, on CR. Four commuters, who were standing at the doors of another train, headed for CST, were injured on being hit by the fragments of the Karjat local pantographs.The electrical department claimed that the OHE was damaged as the insulator was hit by a stone thrown by unknown persons. But conclusive evidence indicated that the mishap occurred owing to sloppy work by the department, which had conducted a power-cum-traffic block around 1 pm on June 25, to remove the mast on AC section near Vangani, a source said. The CRS is yet to submit his report.\"To tighten their argument, senior section engineer S S Bhatia had taught a vegetable vendor, Girish Mahabore, to tell the investigating officers that the OHE broke after some people threw stones at it. Bhatia had even pressured Mahabore to say he had seen them taking potshots at the OHE,\" a source said. The official reportedly threatened Mahabore that he should toe the line to be allowed to carry on his business on the railway premises. Fearing eviction and harassment, Mahabore agreed to give the false statement and signed the written statement that was submitted to commissioner of railway safety Chetan Bakshi.During questioning, Mahabore could not give logical and consistent replies, said a source. When told that misleading statements could land him in trouble, Mahabore withdrew his statement, said the source, adding that the vendor implicated the official who had forced him to give the misleading statement. A supervisor in a private firm, Mani Prasad, was also reportedly told to submit a similar statement to the CRS but after Mahabore was exposed, he backed out. Both Prasad and Mahabore have withdrawn their statements, with a written undertaking before the commissioner of railway safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14700144", "title": "Noted environmentalist Bulu Imam felicitated", "text": "HAZARIBAG: In recognition for being awarded the International Gandhi Peace Award at the House of Lords in London on June 12, noted environmentalist Bulu Imam was felicitated at a colorful function held here on Wednesday night.The function was organized by INTACH, Hazaribag chapter, in collaboration with Virasat Trust and the Jharkhand Shilpa Kala Parishad.Describing the achievements of Bulu Imam as \"historic\", Hazaribag DC Manish Ranjan said the district was proud of him and expressed the hope that the noted environmentalist would bring more laurels to the state in future. Ranjan said he would recommend Imam's name for the 'Padma Shri' to the central government through the state government.On his part, Imam said there was a need for a new consciousness, particularly among the younger generation, to fight for the cause of tribals. He said he would continue to fight for protecting the trees and forests and called upon the younger generation to do the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14700015", "title": "Nagri villagers oppose forcible land acquisition", "text": "RANCHI: Tension prevailed at Nagri village some 40 km from here on Thursday as over 500 villagers armed with sickles, axes, bows and arrows laid a complete siege on the Kanke-Pithoria-Patratu state highway. The villagers were opposing the arrest of four villagers and brutal lathicharge on 50 women including few elderly ones for protesting forcible land acquisition.The villagers have vowed not to move an inch away from the road until those arrested are set free. The scene is likely to take an ugly turn as the infamous anti-land acquisition agitation in Singur.The tribals are opposing forceful acquisition of their 227 acres of land by Jharkhand government to establish an education hub. The land is being acquired to set up permanent campuses for IIM Ranchi and Central Law University among other educational institutes. Police had resorted to lathicharge on Wednesday after Ranchi SP (rural) A V Minz received injuries on his head as stones were hurled at him. The villagers resorted to vandalizing construction sites following which police had to take control of the situation.Led by member of Jharkhand State Women's Commission, Vasvi Kiro, women's rights activists visited Nagri on Thursday morning and collected reports of alleged violations. Members of the commission on Thursday called upon chief minister Arjun Munda to brief him on the matter. Munda had on Wednesday called for an inquiry into the matter.The protest is likely to intensify as despite demand for release, police sent two villagers Rama Tirkey and Chhotu Toppo to jail who were arrested along with two women Bandani Toppo and Jami Toppo under various sections of the IPC from the protest site on Wednesday.Sexagenarian Jami Toppo is critical, said her relatives at RIMS. \"She got four stitches on her nose and her face is not recognizable. The old lady is in extreme pain. We will not spare Ranchi police,\" said a visibly upset Anuranjan Toppo, her relative. Several villagers from Nagri thronged RIMS where five critically injured women are under treatment. Bandani Toppo and Jami Toppo are under strict police vigil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14709774", "title": "Drive to create awareness among people against rabies", "text": "KOLKATA: Of 55,000 people who die of rabies every year globally, a whopping 30,000 or 55% deaths occur in India. The primary reason behind these mounting death rates is lack of awareness about immunization of pets as rabies is normally transmitted from animals to human beings.To mark the day and also create awareness about the need to vaccinate pets, leading anti-rabies vaccine manufacturer Indian Immunologicals Limited (IIL) will held a vaccination camp on Friday, vaccinating hundreds of pets, mostly dogs, in Kolkata and adjoining areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14697545", "title": "Close to 30,000 participants expected for Delhi half marathon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 30,000 people are expected to participate in the eighth edition of the $210,000 Airtel Delhi half marathon, which will be flagged off from Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on September 30.Apart from the half marathon, which will cover a distance of 21km, there will be a seven-km long Great Delhi run and 4.3km senior citizens' and wheelchair events, the organisers said.Focused on the theme 'Make Friends With Delhi', the annual sporting event will be held under the aegis of the Athletics Federation of India.The world's most prestigious half marathon race, recognised by IAAF as a \"gold label\" event and certified by the Association of International Marathons and Road Races, returns for the eighth year, and for the fifth time in its current avatar of the Delhi Half Marathon.Announcing the registrations open, the organisers said that Rs 800 will be the entry fee for the half marathon while Rs 500 for the Great Delhi Run and Rs 200 for the Senior Citizens' Run and the Wheelchair event.The registrations close on August 31 or as soon as running places for each race category is filled, whichever is earlier.'Face of the Event', Bipasha Basu will be promoting the 'Bipasha Women's Brigade' through the Marathon, encouraging women to cultivate health and fitness.\"Prize money of $210,000 on offer helps the event maintain its status as the world's richest half marathon and is expected to attract 40 of the world's top 100 male and female long distance athletes,\" the organisers said.The male and female winners of the Marathon stand to gain $25,000 each, with prize money percolating down to the first ten places. The male and female Indian winers will get Rs 2.5 lakh each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14709274", "title": "Sinimole, Joseph miss Olympic qualification", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian middle distance runners Sinimole Paulose and Sajeesh Joseph's Olympic dreams came crashing down as both of them failed to make the cut for London at the Folksam Sollentuna Grand Prix in Stockholm, Sweden.Sinimole finished a disappointing seventh in the women's 1500m after clocking clocked 4:13.91s much below the Olympic Qualification timing.Another London hopeful, Joseph crashed out of contention after travelling 9000km to attend the Grand Prix with a hope to achieve qualification timing for men's 800m.Sajeesh finished second in B race of men's 800 with a timing of 1:47.87s behind Mayni Ahmed who won the race in 1:47.69s.Sajeesh who has been consistently running in 1:47 but could not crack 1:46 on Thursday.Hilary Stellingwerff of Canada won the women's 1500m event in 4:09.14 and Zoe Buckman of Australia was runner-up with 4:09.54s.Sinimole started the season with excellent timings but could not further improve as the deadline for qualification came closer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14701167", "title": "An insight into evolution of a hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: On Thursday morning, the outpatient ward of Sankara Nethralaya was teeming with people. Among them was Bimal Bandyopadhyay, who was calming down his two-month-old son, who had congenital disorders that blinded his vision. Bimal knew it would take a long time before he meets the doctor for consultation, but the farmer from West Bengal decided to wait patiently.At least 1,200 people walk into this 38-year-old hospital every day from all corners of the country and abroad, and the corridors bustle with doctors, optometrists, paramedics and nurses attending to an endless stream of patients. Bandyopadhyay said he wasn't attracted by the great equipment the hospital had. \"It's how they do things. It's the culture that makes this hospital great,\" he said. Many people who were in the waiting hall could not disagree.About 40% of the surgeries, including 10,000 cataract operations in a year, are conducted free of cost here. The centre cross-subsidises expenses on the poor. All doctors here, including its founder Dr S S Badrinath, are paid salaries, not consultation fees.This and many more things are chronicled in the book about the hospital's journey , 'In-sight', which will be released on Friday by Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University vice chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan. In the book, authors V V Ranganathan, George Skaria and Meera Prasad narrate the success stories with voices from distinguished people such as Mallika Srinivasan, N Murali, Rahul Bajaj , Rakesh Bharti Mittal and Dr Prathap C Reddy.In his message, founder chairman Dr S S Badrinath, says the story of Sankara Nethralaya is not about him but his colleagues, patients and the society apart from his spiritual guru Kanchi Paramacharya Sri Chandrasekerendra Saraswathi. The hospital wouldn't have taken shape if Dr Badrinath went ahead with his plans to migrate to the US in 1972. In the eleventh hour he drop his plans and decided to settle down in India. He worked with HM Hospital and Voluntary Health Services before he started Sankara Nethralaya at Vijaya Hospitals in 1974.In 1976, he brought a piece of land on College Road for 14 lakh. The hospital didn't believe in loans as they thought it may force them to charge patients more. It raised funds for buildings and state-of-the-art equipment from donors.Many doctors who began practice with this hospital never left it. The hospital has declared that the proceedings of the book (sold at 1,000) will go towards charity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14701057", "title": "Mysore Zoo staff swear by cycling", "text": "MYSORE: To do their bit for the environment, a section of government employees in Mysore have started to pedal to work once a week. But the employees attached to Mysore Zoo have been doing the same for over a decade now.Senior forest officer Kumar Pushkar, during his reign as the zoo director, restricted the entry of motorized vehicles inside the 70-acre facility. He had also asked the employee to use bicycles to commute within the facility. This was aimed at not disturbing the animals/ birds in captivity. Since then, everyone - from executive director to animal keepers to security guards -- in the zoo take bicycles to go round the facility for inspection or other work.Keeping in view the number of visitors, especially during weekends and peak season, the authorities don't have plans to extend the facility to them. Sources at the zoo say it is not feasible because of the heavy inflow of visitors, especially during weekends and special seasons. The authorities admitted that there were a few enquiries from visitors after seeing their employees riding bicycles.The zoo, however, has battery vehicles -- another eco-friendly mode of transport -- to offer to tour the zoo on a dedicated pathway of 3km.An animal keeper said they have nearly two dozen bicycles for zoo employees. Earlier, they used to take their vehicles inside, which polluted the environs. He, however, felt that the idea of extending the facility to visitors may not be feasible because it may inconvenience others and also cause accidents.When contacted, executive director B P Ravi said the zoo has strictly restricted the use of motorized vehicles, \"except during emergencies\". He, however, said: \"As of now, the zoo doesn't any plan to provide bicycles to visitors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14708495", "title": "Biju Menon and Kavya Madhavan join hands again", "text": "Biju Menon and Kavya Madhavan have joined hands again after the film 'Gadhama'. The name of their new film is 'Osho'. A.K. Sajan is the director of the film.Nedumudi Venu and Jayabharthi will be seen in pivotal roles in the movie.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14708093", "title": "Naan Ee Telugu movie review: Highlights", "text": "Rajamouli's \"Eega\", which releases as \"Naan Ee\" in Tamil, has finally arrived amid huge expectations and the movie review is undoubtedly one of the much-awaited reviews of the year. Rajamouli has once again unveiled his creative yet commercial thought process through the revenge drama \"Eega\", which offers superb graphics, comic relief and an excellent plot.Eega movie (Naan Ee in Tamil) review: HighlightsHit dialogues: Blank message ante blank cheque antha powerful...Akkada entha amount kavalante antha veskovacchu ikkada emaina oohinchukovachuEega going to Samantha house and writing \"nene naani ni malli puttanu\" with tears on a glassThe scenes in which Eega teasing and irritating Sudeep are very funny. The auditorium erupted in laughter and applause everytime the scenes came on.The scene in which Eega narrates the complete story to Samantha with his signs was appreciated.Taagubothu Ramesh's comedy sequence tickles your funny boneThe last 20 minutes of the first half is impressive. The build up towards the interval bang is quite interestingThe car racing scene was shot brilliantly. There is much buzz about the background score for the temple and hotel scene and the office board meeting scene.Sudeep rocks in the movieRajamouli's direction is being appreciated.The interval surprise and the climax are the highlights of the movie", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14698305", "title": "Special reserved category list for Std XI admissions to be declared today", "text": "AMRAVATI: The Centralised Admission Process (CAP) Committee will declare list of special reserved category (SRC) for admission to Std XI on Friday at Matoshri Vimlabai Deshmukh Mahavidyalaya.Addressing a press conference on Thursday, president of CAP committee, SB Lohiya, and secretary, Arvind Mangle, said the list of SRC will be declared on July 6 and admission rounds will be held from July 7 to 9. The committee has received 7,596 forms of which 475 are from SRC category.Lohiya informed that around 825 admissions have been done from campus and minority quota. List of candidates other than SRC will be declared on July 13 at Brijlal Biyani College, Matoshri Vimlabai Deshmukh Mahavidyalaya, Shri Shivaji Science College, Government Vidarbha Institute of Science and Humanities, Narsamma Arts, Commerce and Science College, and RDIK College, Badnera, said Lohiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14700508", "title": "Mayor inspects heritage sites in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a whirlwind tour of the Charminar constituency on Thursday, mayor Mohammed Majid Hussain inspected several historical structures and sought maintenance and modernisation proposals from GHMC officials.Interacting with locals, public representatives and staff of GHMC South Zone during the inspection, the mayor noted the dismal state of many of the city's notified heritage monuments. At the Khursheed Jah Deodi, he directed the additional commissioner (planning) to prepare a detailed report and proposals for restoration of the Paigah structure. He also directed officials to draw up plans for beautification of the Murgi Chowk Clock Tower and draft proposals for modernization of the Murgi Chowk market.The officials were asked to place the proposals before the GHMC standing committee for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703178", "title": "Taxi cheats instal adaptor to tamper with e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: Errant cabbies at the city airports are now using a device from Hyderabad to tamper e-meters. This has been alleged by activists from recognized taxi and auto unions. \"Passengers should be cautious about some unscrupulous drivers at the airport who have installed the Hyderabad meter tampering gadget,\" said an activist.The gadget is easy to instal near the cab's engine and sends additional pulse to the e-meter. In this modus operandi, there is no need to break the seal or open the meter box for tampering. An additional wire will be linked to the meter from the device to manipulate readings.\"To avoid being caught, some drivers have also installed a switch between the gadget and e-meter. This switch is usually placed close to the driver's seat. Initially, the meter runs as normal for 3 to 4 km. Subsequently, the driver switches on the gadget and manipulates fares by sending additional pulse,\" said a union leader. He stated that the cheats never stood in prepaid queues and usually targeted those who were new to the city. \"They approach single passengers coming out of the airport and promise to ply by the meter. After the first few kilometers, they tamper the meter,\" he said.Many passengers have complained to unions after realizing they were duped. \"It is difficult to nab these errant drivers as most of them are not part of any recognized union. Also, they are in cahoots with some cops,\" a taxi union leader alleged.Traffic cops at the airport have rubbished the bribe charges. \"If anybody has a grievance, he or she should tip off the police and action will be taken against the cabbie,\" a policeman said.Taxi unions have appealed to passengers to note down number of the taxi and if possible, ask for the driver's name. Another measure would be standing in the prepaid queue and paying 20 to 40 % more for destination, but getting an \"assured protection\" from being fleeced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14700216", "title": "Petro dealers' strike in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Hazaribag and its surrounding areas will go without diesel and petrol from midnight on Thursday in protest against the filing of FIR against one of the petroleum dealers of India Oil Company by the SDO Hazaribag Sadar on Wednesday night under the Essentials Commodities Act.Jharkhand Petroleum Dealers Association (Hazaribag chapter) president Rajkumar Ajmera said on Thursday that initially about two dozen petroleum outlets of Hazaribag town and its surrounding areas covering Meru, Demotand, Bonga (Ichak) would go on indefinite strike.The IOC petroleum outlet of Laxmi Automobiles in Nawabgunj locality was raided by SDO Rachna Bhagat on Tuesday based on some complaints. The SDO found some irregularities including shortage in measurement of petrol and diesel to customers. which is not within the parameter of the EC Act, Ajmera added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14696972", "title": "Doctors won't get affected by recovery orders: Jayant Maliaya", "text": "BHOPAL: There is not timeline, but the government is concerned about the demands of doctors, said water resources and environment minister Jayant Malaiya on Thursday. A two-member committee comprising chief secretary R Parasuram and water resources and environment minister Jayant Malaiya was set up last week to look into demands of some 4,500 state government doctors.Speaking to TOI Malaiya said, \"First, we are formulating a proposal, so that doctors do not get affected by the recovery orders, especially those who are nearing retirement or retired.\" The committee is carrying out an exercise how the deductions can take place, he added.Doctors have been objecting to finance department's recovery orders of 2011. The finance department cited that 4-tier selection grade benefits cannot be given with retrospective benefits. \"A medical allowance is being worked to compensate the affected doctors,\" said Maliaya.For maintaining seniority, calculating increment from the date of joining was essential whereas benefit were given from 2008 onwards. The recovery is estimated to be about Rs 11 crore.On the issue of a special cadre for government doctors, Malaiya said, \"The committee would also look into the demand for special cadre, but it is being taken up separately (not mixed with recovery order),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14698731", "title": "University of Agricultural Sciences top draw among foreign students", "text": "BANGALORE: Foreign students are flocking to Bangalore, and increasingly to the University of Agricultural Sciences spread over 200 acres in Hebbal. While 45 overseas students joined courses here in 2011-12, the varsity expects more than 60 such students to join various under-graduate and post-graduate courses this year. \"We've already admitted 36 foreign students this year. But the number is expected to touch 60 as admission is still on. We expect more students to walk in by the end of this month,\" said HV Nanjappa, registrar, UAS.The varsity has been getting queries from foreign students since 2004 but only four joined the varsity that year. Officials say the number has been steadily increasing. \"Most of the students who come from countries like Afghanistan, Iran, Vietnam and Rwanda are on deputation. The increase in number can be attributed to the good performance of UAS. The varsity has managed to get a position among top three agricultural universities in the past few years and thus international exposure,\" said KT Prasanna, foreign students' advisor, UAS.R S Deshpande, director, Institute of Social and Economic Change, pointed out several reasons for this. \"The main reason for the varsity becoming popular among foreign students is that the courses offered are more attractive and have scored high on international lists. Moreover, opting to study here is far more affordable than in many other places. Finally, UAS courses provide hands-on experience, which is vital for a good job,\" he said.Popular picksAccording to K Narayana Gowda, vice-chancellor, UAS, the BTech course in food processing is in great demand among foreign nationals. \"These days, secondary agriculture is getting a lot of importance. Processed food and ready-to-eat food are becoming very popular and so is the demand for the food processing course,\" said Narayana Gowda. Other courses popular among foreign students are Agri Economics, Agriculture Extension, Seeds Technology and Agri Business Management.Comfortable stayGiven the increasing number of foreign students, UAS has come up with an international hostel for them. \"We have a separate building with 46 rooms to accommodate foreign students. Apart from single-occupancy rooms, we've also provided a kitchen and wi-fi enabled environment. The hostel is full now and many foreign students live outside the campus. We're planning another international hostel on campus,\" said HV Nanjappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702718", "title": "Soon, Maharashtra to offer certificate courses for driving at ITIs", "text": "MUMBAI: A notification permitting short-term and long-term certificate courses in driving at government-run Industrial Training Institutes will be issued in a few days.Shailesh Sharma, principal secretary of the transport department, has confirmed these plans. Senior state officials said that these courses will offer those interested an alternative to motor driving schools.Sharma said the courses would be offered for a minimum of six weeks. After a state-wide drive last year revealed that 522 of 1,769 had violated government norms, the transport department had cracked a whip on errant driving schools in Mumbai and the rest of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14709983", "title": "Drega presents Feeling Amazing", "text": "Bilz Music is set to release their brand new artist, Drega to the world. Feeling Amazing is the 1st single &amp; video to be released from Drega's brand new album - Let's Go Nice.\"The song grew out of this feeling I was having about someone. I felt like I had let her down. I wanted to let her know even though I was messing up, I was still feeling amazing with her. It's funny cause such a happy song came out of a frustration I was having from within myself,\" states Drega who has been anticipating this release.Drega was first introduced to the industry by featuring on The Bilz &amp; Kashif's hit single - \"O Meri Rani (Spanish Fly)\". His mixtape was discovered by Vicious in the group, and ever since got his feet wet in the Urban Desi market.Drega is now ready to embark on his own journey signing with Bilz Music with this uptempo track titled 'Feeling Amazing'. Drega is a versatile artist/songwriter as he produced and wrote every single song on 'Let's Go Nice'.\"I choose this to lead off because it was the first song where I stopped being scared of what others think. I had always had this idea of creating music that plays with pop and rap conventions but I didn't have confidence in myself that I could pull it off. 'Feeling Amazing' is when I finally figured out how to use my production and my song making skills to make it count. It was like something snapped and everything changed. I figured out how to make music that matters to me. \" says Drega.\"I'm very excited about this song\" says Label Manager Vishal Urva. \"I first heard the snippet online and I immediately called Drega and said let's do something with this. Even Kashif was bumping to it. The one thing I know is when an artist writes mainstream music, he understands how to connect with a worldwide audience. After we signed the deal, we immediately hooked up with SKP Filmz and got Peezee to shoot the video\".Drega's album 'Let's Go Nice' is set to release July 24.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14702029", "title": "IAF sergeant dies in road accident", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 23-year-old sergeant of Indian Air Force, Anand Kumar Mishra, was killed in a road accident near 3BRD light point, Ramdarbar, on Wednesday night. Police have arrested the driver of Tata 407, Vishnu Dutt of Bhiwani district, and impounded his vehicle.The incident took place around 9.30pm when Mishra, who was going to 3BRD on his motorcycle, was hit by a truck that entered Sector 47. Mishra, who was in his uniform and wearing helmet, was rushed to GMCH-32, but he succumbed to his injuries during the treatment. Police said though it is yet to confirm that who was at fault, a case was registered against Dutt.The deceased was a native of UP and his family members were informed through Air Force officials. The body has been kept in the mortuary of GMCH-32. A case has been registered at police station, Sector 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "14701148", "title": "Chikmangalur municipality to curb house tax evasion", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The city municipality has decided to cross check the plinth area of each construction in the city with their self assessment scheme to find out about house tax evasion.Disclosing this to TOI, CMC president CR Premakumar said that they have formed four groups, which will be headed by revenue officers that would visit houses and commercial buildings to collect details and also to note any additions, which have not been included in the self-assessment scheme form.He said according to the municipal records, the city has 23,370 houses and other buildings but the quantum of tax collected does not match with the number of buildings and that the six-year-old records have to be updated.Even when it comes to water tax, the number of houses and the number of tap connections varies and the difference is quite huge. These teams will also look into these connections, he said. Premakumar said that as per records, they have 9,391 tap connections against 22,000 houses, he added.CMC, which is cash strapped, has to depend upon government grants to run the municipality. The amount they are spending on water supply from Yagachi reservoir is more than Rs 20 lakh per year but the tax collection is around Rs 13-15 lakh. Even the house tax collection amount is dismal.The groups will submit their reports in a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14701534", "title": "Maharashtra govt to act against medical stores not stocking pregnancy termination pills", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has decided to initiate action against medical stores which inconvenience women by not stocking medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) pills.After the government action against medical stores for not maintaining proper records of purchase and sale of MTP pills, many chemist shops stopped stocking the pills.The issue was raised by gynaecologists at a meeting of the state supervisory board. The board has been formed to monitor implementation of the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPDNT) Act in the state. The meeting chaired by Suresh Shetty, public health minister was held in Sahyadri guest house in Mumbai on Thursday.\"The government has acted against medical stores who failed to maintain proper records (purchase and sale) of MTP pills. No order of government says that medical stores should refrain from keeping the MTP pills. If any one compliants that medical stores are not selling the MTP pills, we will take action against the erring stores,\" Shetty, said. \"If required, the FDA commissioner will speak to manufactures of the MTP pills and ensure direct supply of these drugs to gynecologist, so that women are not put to inconvenience,\" the minister added.At the meeting, the issue of family members pursuing women to abort the girl child was raised. \"After thorough discussion by committee members it was decided to initiate punitive action against erring relatives too,\" Praniti Shinde, Congress legislator and daughter of Union power minister Sushilkumar Shinde said. --Sanjeev Shivadekar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14699917", "title": "Cops arrest 3 for credit card fraud", "text": "PANAJI: Panaji police on Thursday evening arrested three persons and recovered six different credit and debit cards of various banks.Police sources said they received information that three persons would be coming to a shop on 18th June Road to swipe cards which did not belong to them.Police laid a trap and arrested Maurice D'Souza, 33, from Bangalore, Abdul Langoti, 22, from Mapusa and Deepal Pal, 29, from Siolim, said police sourcesPolice also seized 22,000 in cash from the accused's car. Police have registered the offence under Section 41, CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14697860", "title": "Ashok Chavan in Mumbai hotel FSI row", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after former chief minister Ashok Chavan found himself chargesheeted in the multi-crore Adarsh society scam, there was fresh trouble for him. A PIL heard in the Bombay high court alleged that he illegally sanctioned extra FSI for the redevelopment of the landmark Sea Rock Hotel at Bandra Bandstand.The PIL, filed by Delhi-based activist-lawyer Sonia Raj Sood, said that former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh approved a 2.5 FSI plan to redevelop the sea-facing hotel on October 7, 2008. Without naming Chavan, the PIL goes on to say that the next chief minister increased the FSI by a further 3 on July 20, 2009. Chavan was CM from December 5, 2008 to November 9, 2010.The petition says the two chief ministers both used their discretionary powers in the case, which can't be allowed for a single project. Heard by a division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar, the petition also alleged that Deshmukh increased the FSI from 1 to 2.5 under Development Control Rules (DCR) of 1967, while Chavan increased it by a further 3 to 5.5 under DCR of 1991. It said two DCRs can't be used for the same project.\"Vilasrao Deshmukh used his discretionary power to grant 2.5 FSI in October 2008 under DCR (development control regulation) 1967. The next chief minister again used his discretionary powers to grant FSI of 3 in July 2009 under DCR 1991,\" said Sood.The petitioner said the initial 440-room hotel was built four decades ago with FSI 1. After the 1993 serial blasts, when the property was damaged, the hotel shut and a proposal to redevelop it was put before Deshmukh, who granted 2.5 FSI. No development was done, but a new redevelopment plan was put before the state in 2009 and 5.5 FSI was granted. The six-acre plot is now bare as the building has been razed.The PIL does not question the decision to grant 2.5 FSI, but questions raising it to 5.5. The petitioner also said that the Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) law became applicable in 1991 and the hotel was in a no-development CRZ-1 area.State officials who TOI spoke to claimed that the CMs didn't use discretionary powers, but the same DCR (1967) to grant FSI and the project is in the less stringent CRZ-2.Sood's petition, however, said the judges should visit the site to personally ensure that it is CRZ-1 area. She said all permissions should be cancelled. She said the BMC had sanctioned the entire 5.5 FSI plan in October 2009, but the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) granted CRZ sanction for only 2.5 FSI.Counsel Janak Dwarkadas , appearing for sub-lessees and developer Elel Hotels and Investments Pvt Ltd, the holding company of Sea Rock, denied any construction was going on. \"At the site, nothing is happening. MoEF clearance is pending. No construction is going on and cannot without the permission of the environment ministry,\" said Dwarkadas. The judges recorded this statement.Sood, however, said that an Intimation of Disapproval (IOD) for the building and a commencement certificate (CC) for a three-tier basement, which is \"illegal\" has already been granted by the BMC. \"They can start construction anytime. The building is completely in CRZ-1, being 50 metres from the high-tide line,\" she added.Sood has also alleged total stamp duty evasion of Rs 1,200 crore, alleging that the original lessees, Luthria Brothers, sold their shares to Vinod Goenka of D B Realty and Vicky Oberoi of Sky Deck Properties and Developers Pvt Ltd. They further sold their shares to Claridges Hotels and Resorts, which then sold it to Indian Hotels Company Ltd, a Tata group company that has 85% stake in Elel. \"This is violation of the lease deed which required permission from the state government to transfer shares subject to payment of a premium.... Now the final buyer has to pay Rs 1,200 crore to the state government,\" alleged Sood.Dwarkadas said Sood had approached the MoEF a number times and she should go for a hearing before the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA). \"I want a hearing from the municipal commissioner, who has refused to meet me on 20 occasions, collector and the heritage committee, before I go to MCZMA for a hearing,\" said Sood, adding that this is the reason she wants the HC to hear the matter.The judges have issued notices to all the respondents, including the current and former owners, the BMC, MCZMA, MoEF etc, and asked for replies within four weeks. The matter is posted for hearing on August 2. They also directed the MCZMA to be a respondent in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmednagar", "code": "14699531", "title": "Absconding doctor nabbed", "text": "AHMEDNAGAR: Sangamner doctor Amit Shinde, who was on the run since June 22 for allegedly conducting illegal abortion of a female fetus, was arrested on Wednesday. The court of judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) in Sangamner remanded him in police custody till July 7.According to the police, a mother of two girls from village Hivargaon-Pawsa had approached Shinde hospital in Vadgaon-Paan for determining the sex of the fetus. Amit Shinde, who runs the hospital, conducted sonography tests on the woman on May 12, 13 and 15. After finding out that the foetus was female, the woman went for abortion at the same hospital on May 26.Medical superintendent of Sangamner rural hospital Suchita Gavali came to know about the abortion and registered a case with the police. However, by this time, Shinde had gone missing.The woman's mother initially tried to shield the doctor, saying that her daughter was not pregnant and hence no abortion was performed on her. Following this, Gavali took the woman to the state-run Sassoon general hospital in Pune and got her examined. The examination revealed that the woman had undergone abortion. The medical superintendent registered a case with the police on June 22. The doctor was absconding since then, officials said.\"When we came to know that Shinde would be visiting a relative's home on Wednesday, we laid a trap and caught him,\" police said. As per the provisional figures of Census 2011, the child sex ratio in Ahmednagar district is 806 girls per thousand boys. There are 130 sonography centres in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698876", "title": "Kishor Dorle seeks enquiry into octroi evasion racket", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) Octroi department employees may have to undergo scrutiny as octroi committee chairman, Kishor Dorle, has charged them with colluding with transporters and causing loss to the tune of hundreds of crores to the civic body. Dorle plans to meet mayor, Anil Sole, and standing committee chairman, Dayashankar Tiwari, seeking an enquiry into the octroi evasion racket.In the last five days, the department has taken action against 2,800 transport vehicles that have failed to submit transit passes at octroi posts and collected around Rs 15 lakh in penalty.According to Dorle, from June 30 to July 5, 2,834 trucks had entered corporation limits by obtaining transit passes at the entry point. The pass has to be submitted at an octroi post when the trucks leave the city. But these trucks have failed to do so and hence, the octroi department banned their entry into city limits (called locking in NMC parlance).To unlock their entry, the truckers are being charged Rs 535 as fine including Rs 25 as a charge towards issuing temporary transit pass. Interestingly, the department unlocks the vehicle entry by accepting affidavit or receipt of delivery from the transporter that they had delivered goods outside the corporation limits. But the department never verifies this, admitted assistant superintendent S D Vaidya.If the goods are unloaded within city limits, then the NMC charges octroi on them. However, if the transporter shows that his truck just passed through the city, he evades the tax. Dorle, on Thursday, charged that as octroi officials never verified whether the transit pass was actually submitted at another octroi post, transporters had evaded octroi to the tune of hundreds of crores in the past.He wondered that despite having 12 special squads, how come the department did not even try to find out whether the transporters had submitted a genuine affidavit. The department did not even try to find out whether there were any repeated offenders among the 2,834 cases.\"The octroi department has also failed to monitor the transporters who ask for extension to their transit pass time limit (official time is four hours),\" he said. There is no procedure to monitor whether the trucks are unloading goods within city limits, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14703640", "title": "Frisbee fever hits Bangalore", "text": "Gone are the days when a game of frisbee was for kids or used to entertain and exercise your dog. Spinning it the right way and catching it perfectly has become an art of sorts, with teams competing professionally against each other. In fact, today, teams like Disc-o-Deewane, Dishqiya, Discreed, Storm Chasers, among others, will take on each other at the Bangalore Ultimate Open, which will see 24 teams from Ahmedabad, Delhi, Mumbai, Varkala, Hyderabad, Chennai, and of course Bangalore, playing it rough on the field.And the fact that Bangalore does not have an open beach to support the game is no deterrent. As many as 200 players have been taking over the grass at the Sree Kanteerava Stadium and Loyola College Grounds on Bannerghatta Road to master the skillsets required to become an Ultimate player. And what's more - the city's youth have taken a shine to the sport.But why are youngsters attracted to the game? Says the secretary of Karnataka Ultimate Players Association, Preetham Kajekar, \"Roughly 60-70% of players in the city are youngsters. Frisbee is a unique sport. It is self-officiated. Two players on the field can decide what a foul is and what is not. Moreover, it is easy to learn and requires very little expenditure in terms of equipment or gear.\"Not just that, it is also one of the few sports that allows men and women to play together, on a 5:2 ratio. \"In Bangalore, women from all walks of life are a part of the teams, including working professionals and housewives,\" says Naveen N Swamy, one of the organizers of the tournament.Naveen adds that the game's popularity also draws from its non-mainstream nature. \"We have an eclectic mix of people who play the sport. It brings together diverse people and spreads camaraderie,\" says Naveen, adding that there are participants as young as 12 taking to the field. \"One Bangalore team at the championship - Bangalore Falcons - comprises youngsters in the age group 16-25,\" adds Preetham.And it would seem that more and more people are showing an interest in the sport. Last year's tournament saw 1000 spectators and this year, they are expecting around 1500 spectators. \"We have been spreading the word on social media networks and in schools,\" says Naveen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14698513", "title": "The world won't be the same after discovery of God particle", "text": "KOLKATA: The discovery of the elusive 'God particle' might change many things as we know them and bring a difference to our lives.The very journey to unearth the Higgs boson has evolved a new technology that could turn out to be an even bigger tool than the Internet, that was devised at CERN in 1994, say scientists at the Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics.Grid Computing, which connects hundreds of institutes working on the Large Hydron Collidor experiment at CERN through a network that receives shares and analyzes the huge volume of data generated, could be used to share information in various fields, including medicine.A simulating software generated at CERN has already been aiding cancer treatment.\"Grid computing is the first real, significant off-shoot of this historic experiment. It distributes information at a lightning speed. More importantly, it is a system that stores data in a structured manner and lets the user search for it even more precisely than the Internet,\" said Subir Sarkar, member of the CMS research group at SINP. Nearly a hundred CMS groups across the world were part of the grid computing network.\"Just by typing a keyword, you can zero in on all the information that you need. The CERN grid computing system gives you access to information faster than any other search engine that has been devised so far,\" said the senior scientist.A simulating software named GEANT, developed at CERN is being used in cancer treatment. Devised to predict the path of matter ahead of the proton beam collision inside the LHC tunnel, it can also be used to simulate radiotherapy and assess the possible extent of its impact.\"This is increasingly being done across the globe. It could tell you very precisely the path that the rays are going to take and the kind of effect they are going to have on the cancerous cells that are being targeted. It also gives you an idea of the damage that the unaffected cells could suffer,\" explained Sarkar.SINP scientist Sunando Banerjee, who heads the CMS group, was a part of the CERN team that devised the software. \"It is a direct contribution of high-energy physics to medical science,\" he said.Data sharing through grid computing could open up even newer avenues in medicine and treatment, Sarkar felt. \"If hospitals can store and maintain data in a structured form, it can help them share information on treatment. For instance, if a doctor in a particular hospital needs to know about a disease, he can access the system, type a keyword and have all the information on his computer screen. Grid computing will narrow down his search to a great extent and help the doctor to zero in on just the information he needs. This is how we access and analyze data. It can benefit smaller hospitals that don't have access to facilities. By collaborating with bigger institutions through the grid, they can seek specific information from anywhere in the world. The only condition, though, is that data has to be maintained in a structured form that will enable a more pin-pointed search,\" said Sarkar.It was a matter of conjecture, though, if grid computing will catch on or turn out to be as popular as the Internet, Sarkar said. \"The worldwide web was not meant to be an information-cum-entertainment tool. It was born out of necessity, just as grid computing is. Now, it's up to the world to take advantage of it,\" he added.Another possible spin-off from CERN could be smaller and faster detectors that could revolutionize electronic gadgets. \"Thanks to Nasa , we have smaller but more sophisticated gadgets. They needed smaller and lighter detectors for satellites and they devised the technology, which was picked up by the industry and used in gadgets. Things could follow a similar path post-CERN,\" Sarkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14702892", "title": "The Times of India staffer lost his life at T-point", "text": "A 26-year-old photojournalist of The Times of India, Aditya Jaitley, was killed in a road accident at Khanpur village T-point, also known as a death trap, on Kharar-Morinda stretch on National Highway-95 on March 7, 2011. He was driving to Chandigarh from Ludhiana. The impact of the accident was so strong that the car's front portion was damaged completely", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14689690", "title": "Rasika Reddy\u2019s exhibition of paintings in Hyderabad", "text": "The preview of Rasika Reddy's exhibition of paintings, held at an art gallery saw city socialites make their presence felt.The works, which are inspired by the artist's fascination with the various permutations of the mother goddess in Indian culture, riveted guests. Each canvas celebrated the multifaceted nature of modern-world women by using images that range from the macabre to fertility juxtaposed with glitter, fabric, sequins and crystals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14701661", "title": "Waterlogging in several areas", "text": "KANPUR: Several areas got waterlogged after heavy rainfall on Thursday evening due to chocked drains. The silt has not been removed from 'nullahs' and drains. It exposed the lackadaisical approach of the Kanpur Nagar Nigam.At places where the silt was removed, it was again flown back into the nullah by the rainwater. This happened as the silt had been kept on the roadside and not removed.In the past fortnight, silt was removed from several nullahs but the job remained incomplete. As a result, the silt spread over the roads. It made the roads slippery and also caused waterlogging.The silt removed from nullah in Kidwai Nagar got flown back into it. This silt had not been removed from the area. Such scenes were common in Shivaji Nagar, Sarvodaya Nagar, Lajpat Nagar, Baradevi, Jarib Chowki, Anwarganj and other localities.The private men hired by the KNN for cleaning the nullahs had a tough time on Wednesday. At Baradevi, the private gangs engaged in cleaning silt from a drain were witnessed working without masks. Masks are essentially required is this work to avoid coming in contact with harmful gases. The KNN cited shortage of masks to be a reason why the work of cleaning of drains could be completed timely.Meanwhile, waterlogging resulted into traffic jams at busy places. The vehicles were witnessed queued up at Chawla Market, Govindpuri bridge, Fazalganj, Babupurwa, Bakarkanj, Anwarganj and Jarib Chowki.Meanwhile, the city continued to face severe power rostering on Thursday.The official rostering began at 1pm, which was to end at 3pm but it was extended for an hour and the power was restored at 4pm.The moment it started raining, a fault occurred at a transformer in Usmanpur locality. There was no power in the area for three-and-a-half-hour. The Kesco staff was toiling hard to get the fault repaired when the reports last came in. The areas affected were Usmanpur Goan, Usmanpur Colony, J/2 block and MIG block.The moment the Kesco staff shifted load on the transformer, it tripped down. This happened thrice in the area. This plunged the locality into darkness and the locals were forced to rely on inverters to beat the humidity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14701737", "title": "21 public distribution system units raided in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Raids conducted by sleuths of the state labour department on public distribution system (PDS) units in various parts of the city on Thursday found discrepancies of measurement in 21 shops. The raids were carried out based on complaints from various consumers in the respective areas.\"Among the 47 ration shops that we raided, 21 were having irregularities in measurements. They were cheating people by using lesser measurements instead of the specified ones. We have slapped a fine of Rs 1000 on the erring shop-owners. A show-cause notice was also issued to them,\" said assistant commissioner (labour) N Govindan who led the team, comprising 11 officers. The mode of operation, according to Govindan, was different.\"To avoid the news spreading from one shop to the other, we started the raid at around 9.30 in the morning itself. It surprised the shop owners in many areas, who couldn't inform their colleagues in the locality. We have collected a fine amount of Rs 21,000 from the erring shop owners,\" he said.The PDS units at Mohammadiyar Street, Thanappa Mudali Street, Obulapadithurai, Subramaniapuram, Ellis Nagar, SS Colony, Villapuram, Thiruparangundram, Avaniapuram, Melur town, Mill Road, Nagari and Iyyankottai are some of the places where the irregularities were found in the measurements. Talking about the action, Govindan said he would see if any second-time offenders were there in the 21 erring units that we raided. \"If anyone is found to be a second-time offender, we will file a case against him at the magistrate court,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14709296", "title": "Hariharan performs at Rabindra Mandap", "text": "Bhubaneswar recently got a taste of soulful ghazals and Hindi romantic songs when Hariharan performed on Tuesday at Rabindra Mandap.The maestro made the evening very special by singing his popular numbers including \"Ye aine se akele me guftgu kya hai,\" \" Tu hi re,\" \"Nagme hain sikhwe hain,\" \"Roja janeman,\" \"Mohe apne hi rang me rang de\" and \"Tu jo paas hai, mujhe pyaas hai \". Pandit Raghunath Panigrahi and Odissi danseuse Sujata Mohapatra were also present at the programme. Hariharan was felicitated by Union minister Jayram Ramesh on the next day of the music festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14703362", "title": "Govt buses killed 1,300 people in state last year", "text": "CHENNAI: State-run buses in Tamil Nadu cause more deaths than vehicles of government transport services anywhere else in the country. Data compiled by the National Crime Records Bureau show that Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC) buses were involved in mishaps that claimed the lives of 1,317 people in 2011 \u2014 an average of around four people a day.The statistics also show that TNSTC vehicles are much more lethal than buses elsewhere. Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation vehicles, which account for the second largest number of fatalities, caused 704 deaths last year, around half as many as TNSTC's killer fleets were responsible for.Tamil Nadu has 21,207 buses in the fleets of seven corporations, including Chennai's Metropolitan Transport Corporation that runs around 3,500 buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "14698321", "title": "Chhattisgarh govt orders judicial probe", "text": "RAIPUR: The Chhattisgarh government on Thursday ordered a judicial probe into the encounter in south Chhattisgarh's Bijapur district last week where 17 people, including Maoists, were killed and six CRPF jawans were injured.The decision was taken at a Cabinet meeting. The government will request the chief justice of the high court to appoint a sitting judge to probe the encounter.The probe will enquire into various aspects, including if there was an encounter in the intervening night of June 28 and June 29, when and how the encounter happened, was any Maoist, security force personnel or anyone else killed or injured, under what circumstances was the operation planned, whether enough precaution and planning was taken before launching the operation and if firing could have been avoided. The probe panel will also offer suggestions for the future.The probe was ordered to pre-empt setting up of independent probe panel by courts, which could include activists, a Chhattisgarh government official said. Rights activists and political parties, including Congress, CPI and CPI(ML) have been demanding a judicial probe where teenagers and villagers were allegedly killed.Speaking to TOI, CRPF director general K Vijay Kumar said, \"We are open to any enquiry. Since the day of the encounter, we have been sharing all information about the encounter.\"Earlier, CRPF officers had said of the 17 people killed in Bijapur's Sarkeguda village, 3-4 were Maoists. \"Now, we have received information that seven of them were Maoists,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14698304", "title": "Maoist situation has improved in Bengal, says Chidambaram", "text": "KOLKATA: The Maoist situation in West Bengal has improved but central forces will not be withdrawn from Jangalmahal just as yet. This was announced by Union home minister P Chidambaram in Kolkata on Thursday. According to him, a threat still exists since the Maoist guerrillas are regrouping and may carry out strikes.The home minister, however, wasn't ready to give the full credit to Mamata Banerjee government for improvement of the situation in Jangalmahal. \"Three states are still badly affected by Left-wing extremism. However, West Bengal has made a remarkable recovery, thanks to the policy followed by the Centre, the CPM-led government in the past and present government in the state. The threat of regrouping still exists though.\"The withdrawal of central forces will have to be an operational decision and not a policy or political one. The decision on whether central forces are to be withdrawn will have to be taken by the state director general of police and senior officers of the CRPF,\" Chidambaram said.The Union home minister also maintained that the number of casualties due to BSF firing along the Indo-Bangla border has gone down in recent times. According to him, the BSF troops have restrained themselves and only opened fire when attacked.\"We have told the BSF not to open fire if the intruder manages to cross the International Border (either into India or Bangladesh ). However, there can be no option if BSF troops are attacked. In one case, a jawan was dragged away by smugglers. His comrades had to open fire to rescue him,\" Chidambaram said.The Union home minister doesn't believe that the incident in Chhattisgarh where 16 people, including innocent villagers were killed was a fake encounter. The Government of Chhattisgarh may order an inquiry though.\"The CRPF was very transparent and upfront in their approach. Within hours of the incident, they issued a statement, explaining what really happened that night. It was a planned operation in which three separate teams moved towards a village. It was dark and one of the teams came under sudden fire. What nobody seems to have noted is that the CRPF suffered six casualties. One of them is in a critical state. After suffering casualties, the CRPF personnel returned fire. They discovered the bodies later. Not many know that two casualties from the other side were evacuated in the same helicopter that was carrying the injured troopers. We have managed to identify the 16 people killed and 3-4 of them had links with Maoists. We are deeply sorry that innocents were killed but it was a genuine encounter. Troube is if the troops fail to react, the force is called incompetent. If they react, they are blamed for a fake encounter. The state government can order an inquiry but the DG, CRPF has told me that he has nothing to hide,\" Chidambaram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14701473", "title": "BJP may announce new Karnataka CM in a week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bowing to pressure from B S Yeddyurappa, BJP is set to replace its Karnataka chief minister Sadananda Gowda with Jagadish Shettar and an announcement is expected within a week.The party leadership is trying to take all everyone on board on the decision as there is a section in the party which is not sure whether peace will prevail in the state after the change in leadership, since even Gowda was Yeddyurappa's choice.BJP chief Nitin Gadkari met senior party leader L K Advani on Thursday to discuss the issue.\"A decision from the high command is likely to be conveyed within a week. We have left everything to the party leadership now. Their decision will be acceptable to us,\" Shettar, who holds the rural development portfolio, told reporters.Sources said Gadkari has come around to the view that Shettar, a Yeddyurappa loyalist, should be the next chief minister.The decision will have to be ratified by the BJP parliamentary board, the highest decision-making body of the party, but most members are in agreement on the issue in view of the damage caused by constant threats from dissidents in the last four years.Though the party had earlier indicated that the leadership change was expected to take place after the July 19 presidential poll, sources said this has been advanced by a few days in view of the Karnataka assembly session commencing on July 16.According to BJP sources, Advani is not very keen on choosing the third chief minister in this assembly and feels the party should go for fresh elections. Moreover, he is not inclined to have another nominee of Yeddyurappa as chief minister.Sources said an announcement on June 9-10 is expected. However, there is still no clarity on whether a deputy CM would be appointed to placate the other factions. The party's central leadership is not enthusiastic about appointing deputy CMs as there are other contenders in the race, making the exercise an uphill task.However, in view of growing dissidence, the high command may appoint deputy chief ministers to keep the various factions in good humour.The sceptics in BJP feel despite these changes, the acrimony within the Karnataka unit may continue. \"Gowda was also Yeddyurappa's choice but within a few months, there was a rift between the two. Since Yeddyurappa and Shettar are both from the Lingayat community, they may soon start competing among themselves for control over the community,\" a party leader said.Assembly elections are due in Karnataka in the second half of 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14710347", "title": "Ekta and Aashutosh Tiwari in Adaalat!", "text": "Telly actors Ekta Tiwari and Aashutosh Tiwari, who recently got engaged, will come together for the first time on Television together.Yes you heard it right. The couple will be seen in an upcoming episode of Contiloe Entertainment's Adaalat on Sony TV. To be aired on 29th July (2012), Ekta will play a character called Kirti who is the main accused in a murder case. Aashutosh plays a negative character once again, called Jagirdar.Ekta as Kirti is accused of her maid's murder when Ekta's husband present's the maid with a gift. She becomes the prime suspect because her husband was on friendly terms with her maid. But the real story goes that it is Jagirdar who actually had an affair with Kirti's (Ekta) maid. In reality, it is Jagirdar's maid who murder's Kirti's maid as she does'nt want her master's family life to be disturbed.A beaming Ekta confirmed the news, \"Aashutosh and I are shooting this episode from Adaalat and this is the first time we will be onscreen together. I am very happy because this is a special episode for me\". She further adds, \"We just returned to Mumbai after all the engagement celebrations and this opportunity to be a part of Adaalat just came along the way\".Says Aashutosh, \"I actually went to drop Ekta on the sets as she plays the main lead on the show and that's how I was offered a role in Adaalat\".The shooting for this episode will begin today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699724", "title": "NMC, water department spar over Gangapur dam leftovers", "text": "NASHIK: Though the quota of water reserved for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) in the Gangapur dam has been exhausted, the water now available is left over from the quota reserved for irrigation purpose, the water resource department (WRD) has claimed.\"Farmers in various areas drew more water in the earlier rotations. As a result, the last rotations of water for irrigation for Kopargaon, Rahata region (in Ahmednagar district) and Ozar and other areas on the left bank canal (LBC) in Nashik district were not released because the water left in their quota was too less since and releasing it would have seen water going waste. It is this left over that has been made available for NMC even though its stock has been exhausted,\" executive engineer, WRD, AM Mhaske said.The WRD and the NMC are at loggerheads as NMC members have alleged that WRD engineers had released more water to Ahmednagar purposely. The WRD, however, maintained that the allegations were baseless and that the quota was fixed, measured and released as decided earlier in the year.At a meeting with the collector on July 2, Mhaske had said that the NMC had almost exhausted the quota of 3,525 million cubic feet (MCFT) and the left over in the quota would cater to NMC's demand only for eight days. Just after this statement, NMC commissioner Sanjay Khandare had claimed that the dam had enough water to cater to the demands of the city for another 30 days.Attempting to clear the doubts, Mhaske, who had then claimed that there were no special favours to anybody (Ahmednagar district) on water distribution by going out of the way, said that the department had already planned to save some water citing the weather conditions. \"The farmers who demanded more water from their own quota at that time were also told that they could face shortage of water later as the quota would be exhausted or too less for the next rotation. They still went ahead with the demand and hence we did not release the water in the last rotation thus making it available for the city,\" Mhaske said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14698420", "title": "CM urged to rejuvenate consumer forums across state", "text": "YAVATMAL: Officials of the Yavatmal District Grahak Panchayat, in a memorandum to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday, have urged to rejuvenate the defunct consumer grievances redressal forums across the state.According to the district president of the panchayat, Narayan Mehre, the Consumer Protection Act, which came into force on December 24, 1986, aims to protect consumers across the country from wrongdoings by manufactures and traders. The act was implemented in the state during the Sena-BJP rule, which established 40 consumer forums.However, subsequent governments and bureaucrats have failed to meet the objective and only 22 forums are functional, said Mehre, adding, 14 of them are working without presiding officers and panel members. \"They too are in a danger of becoming defunct by July end.\"Till August 2011, 18,913 disputes were pending before the consumer forums which have gone up by thousands till then.Unless all the 40 forums are made fully functional, the movement would die down and ultimately it is the consumers who will have to pay a heavy price, said panchayat secretary, KB Chetule, urging the chief minister to give immediate attention to the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "annavaram", "code": "14698213", "title": "'Harassed' youth jumps before train", "text": "ANNAVARAM: A 30-year-old man committed suicide by jumping in front of a speeding train at the railway station here on Thursday following alleged harassment by cops. He left behind a suicide note alleging that Annavaram sub-inspector Mukteswara Rao had harassed him over the past few months and treated him inhumanly. The deceased was identified as K Raja, a medical shop owner at Merakasamavaram in Routulapudi mandal.Sources said the last straw for Raja was when he was allegedly stripped in full public view and beaten up by cops three days back when he was found gambling with a group of people. He was also taken into custody.Sources said Raja was depressed after the 'humiliating' treatment in front of others near his house by the the cops. Stung by public insults, Raja jumped in front of Puri-Tirupati Express in the wee hours of Thursday.In the suicide note addressed to Prattipadu TDP MLA P Chittibabu, Raja narrated how he was subjected to ill treatment by the SI. Raja said that though he was not involved in gambling activity, police arrested him. Sources said Raja was arrested earlier also on the charges of betting. A local not wanting to be named said the SI was misusing his powers.Chittibabu later met district SP Trivikram Varma and complained against the behaviour of the SI. He demanded stringent action against the officer. The SP said an inquiry was ordered. Raja, a bachelor, is survived by his parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703235", "title": "Clarify beach safety measures in Mumbai: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: With as many as 10 deaths due to drowning in the last one month, the Bombay high court on Thursday directed the BMC to place on record the safety measures at beaches in the city. Hearing a public interest litigation filed by Janhit Manch, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar suggested to the BMC to check out the Goa beach safety plan. The corporation has four weeks time to file its affidavit.Advocate Jamshed Mitsry, counsel for the petitioner, told the court that six years after the high court had okayed a beach safety plan that included trained lifeguards equipped with rescue gadgets, watch towers on beaches and safety nets in the sea, the project was yet to fully take off. \"The beach safety measures are utterly lacking in the city which has made it dangerous for citizens to venture out (into the sea),\" said Mistry. The advocate also pointed out to the BMC affidavit which had blamed the lack of funding from the state government for its failure to implement measures like watch towers and safety nets in the sea.The BMC, however, refuted the charges. \"There are six lifeguards on the main beaches,\" said advocate Birendra Saraf, counsel for the BMC. \"On weekends and holidays, additional staff, including one officer and four lifeguards from the fire brigade are deployed on the beaches,\" added the advocate, who said that revellers on the beach were as much to blame for the drowning deaths. \"Every drowning death cannot be blamed on the government's apathy. There are many incidents when despite the lifeguard warning them against going into the sea, people have ventured in. There have been many cases of drunken drowning. These are people who do not accept discipline.\"Saraf also said that many of the deaths had occurred not on the beaches but near creeks and even the Gateway of India when the waves swept away passers-by.The court also heard the views of an expert from Goa, which had implemented a beach safety plan with over 525 lifeguards. This measure has brought down the drowning deaths from around 200 to just 7-8. Advocate Saraf, however, said that the Goa plan may not work in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14702051", "title": "Youth finds truck that killed his father", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Leaving the so-called people-friendly Chandigarh Police red-faced, Raju Samuel, 21, on Thursday traced the killer truck, which had snuffed out life of his father around three months ago. Remarkably, Raju traced the truck on the basis of a CCTV footage.Talking to TOI, Raju said, \"Not even a single day passed since my father's death when I didn't visit grain market. Though I didn't know the registration number but the body of the truck has been ingrained in mind that on Thursday when saw the truck, I identified it in the first glance.\"The truck (HR-26-GA-0304) and its driver Jai Pal of Patiala district were intercepted near Zirakpur and taken to police station, Sector 26.Samuel, Raju's father, had died under the wheels of a truck on Madhya Marg near grain market on March 22.Raju said, \"I and my friend Amit were standing near roundabout when the truck entered grain market and I identified it. I called up police control room, but they didn't come to the spot. Till Zirakpur, I chased the truck and at a light point, I took help of Punjab cops and found that this was the same truck.\"Sub-inspector Baljinder Singh said, \"Driver Jai Pal has reportedly confessed to his involvement in the crime.\" A case was registered at police station, Sector 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14701395", "title": "Krishna seeks UAE\u2019s help to free Indian sailors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign minister S M Krishna on Thursday wrote to his UAE counterpart Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan requesting him to secure the release of six Indians on MV Iceberg which has been held in captivity by Somali pirates for over two years. Iceberg, which has now become the longest-held ship by Somali pirates, is owned by UAE nationals.Disheartened family members had earlier appealed to Pakistani human rights activist Ansar Burney to help them out. The six Indian sailors have spent over two years in captivity since March 2010. One of the 24 crew members died on board last year. The crew includes sailors from Yemen , India, Ghana, Pakistan , Sudan and the Philippines .Media reports in Dubai said a breakthrough in negotiations with the Somali pirates was near.There are more than 200 sailors being held captive by Somali pirates, and 62 have lost their lives since 2007, according to the International Maritime Bureau . The bureau said 43 attacks were carried out by Somali pirates in the first quarter of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14701172", "title": "Rajasthan University building crumbles, major mishap averted", "text": "JAIPUR: A portion of the three-storey science department building on Rajasthan University campus collapsed in the morning on Thursday, triggering panic among students and teachers.Luckily, the building, which houses labs and classrooms for research scholars of chemistry, physics and mathematics, was empty when the incident took place. However, valuable instruments, equipment, important documents including research papers, got destroyed under the debris.The incident took place at 8 am when one of the guards came to open the building. After he opened it, one girl student of mathematics also entered. Suddenly, they saw the upper portion of the three-storey building coming down. Raising an alarm, both rushed out of the building.\"Had it taken place on or after 11 am, it would have been a big mishap as at least 200 students, especially research scholars, are usually present,\" said Gopiram, a guard of the building.Police have ruled out the possibility of any student or employee being trapped in the debris. After the incident, ugly scenes were witnessed on the campus when nearly 50 students of NSUI gheraoed the V-C's secretariat and shouted slogans against him. They wanted to meet the V-C and barged into his residence. Soon, police reached the spot dispersed them.Later police arrested nine students including NSUI unit president Sumit Bagasara for trespassing and disturbing peace.The three-storey building had classrooms for research scholars and also had a chemistry lab having expensive equipment including NMS apparatus which costs nearly Rs 1 crore and is used to study protons. The building also had many important research papers of the scholars. At least 100 computers of the physics and mathematics departments also got destroyed. Though a team of civil defence, PWD, police and engineering department of the university rushed to the spot, they could not do anything till 2 pm due to lack of coordination.Some students alleged that they had intimated authorities about the condition of the building but nobody paid any heed to their concern. \"There were big holes in the wall and there was no water drainage system in the building. We had told our teachers and concerned authorities about it but nobody paid any heed to it,\" said Nikita Swami, a research scholar of mathematics. Meanwhile, the RU adminis- tration has constituted a three-member panel to probe the reason behind the collapse. The committee headed by chief engineer (rtd) of the university will submit its report to the VC in seven days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14700360", "title": "Vehicles banned on 2-km stretch leading to Nalsarovar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: To reduce noise and air pollution, the two kilometer stretch from Vekaria checkpost and Nalsarovar bird sanctuary has been closed for all the vehicles. A notification to this effect has been issued by additional district magistrate K K Dudha.Nalsarovar , home to migratory birds like flamingos, cranes, storks and pelicans,has been facing the problems of excessive pollution which has drastically reduced the number of the bird species., which has compelled the officials to take this step. so that people do not loose the opportunity to see some of the rarest species of birds like spoonbill and fishing eagles.The notification said that vehicles of sanctuary officials and VIPs, which have the permission of the sanctuary superintendent, will be permitted in the two kilometer stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "14698554", "title": "Water level up in Hathnikund barrage", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Heavy rain in Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand has resulted in a rise in the water level in Hathnikund barrage in Yamunanagar, Haryana. From 4,000 cusec, it has now risen to 13,600 cusec. The barrage supplies drinking water to Delhi. Haryana officials said supply would be smooth if the rains continue. Incidentally, the water level in on July 1, 2011 was over one lakh cusec.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14703297", "title": "Respite from heat, city receives first showers", "text": "VARANASI: The wait for showers in the region finally ended on Thursday, as most parts of the region were received a brief spell of showers in the day. The overcast conditions and showers also gave respite from scorching heat, as the citizens enjoyed the showers in the day. The rainfall, however, left many parts of the city waterlogged.While the Met office recorded 33.8 mm rainfall, the maximum for a day in the monsoon season so far, a sudden dip in mercury, dropping from 39 degree C (recorded on Wednesday) to 31.08 degree C in the day (a drop of 8 degree C) in the last 24 hours also provided respite from intense heat. As per reports of the Met office, the outskirts including rural areas of the district received more rainfall while urban parts of the city received mild showers and drizzles in the day.According to weather scientist, Banaras Hindu University, SN Pandey, \"the southwest monsoon winds bringing showers have started to make progress and east UP region is likely to receive more rainfall in the coming days. The northern parts of the country including Punjab, Delhi and Haryana are expected to get more rainfall and the monsoon is likely to cover entire UP in the next week. The moisture-filled air from Bay of Bengal has also started activities to suggest more rainfall in the coming days.\" The rainfall also left many parts of the city especially the areas located in lower parts of the city waterlogged. The areas including Shivpurwa (Mahmoorganj), Kolhua-Vinayaka, Khojwan, Kakarmatta, Bazardiha, Nagwan and other areas were waterlogged. The conditions also caused traffic hassles restricting the vehicular movement in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699622", "title": "Nashik Education Society schools resolve bus crisis", "text": "NASHIK: The bus services of two Nashik Education Society (NES) schools, which were stopped from this academic year, will now ply from July 9. This was decided in a meeting between parents and the management on Wednesday after tenders were invited and negotiations conducted with the bus contractor.The NES, which had decided to outsource its bus services, had floated tenders last week and had decided that tenders would be opened by representatives of parents, who would also make negotiations with the contractor. The tenders were opened on Wednesday in the meeting, where principals of NES' schools Rangubai Junnare English Medium School and M S Kothari Academy, parents, vice-chairman of NES Dilip Phadke, president of the society Suryakant Rahalkar, executive Shashank Madane and the contractors were present. \"\"We have asked the contractor to comply with the norms. From July 9 onwards, the buses will start fetching and dropping our children,\" said Anil Gangwal. Neha Vaishampayan, chairman of the Parents and Teachers Association of Rangubai Junnare School said that all the formalities had been completed and that they had received six tenders, out of which negotiation with one contractor had been successful.\"It has been decided that we will declare the name of the contractor on July 9. We have asked the contractor to modify the buses according to the norms for school buses. It is a big relief for the students who desperately need the bus services. We stood firm during the meeting and demanded that the buses be started at the earliest. The management has been very cooperative. Our parents have been patient and we do not want to try their patience,\" said Vaishampayan.The management, while promising that the bus service would start from July 9, said that it was prepared to run the buses on a no profit, no loss basis to provide services. The bus services of both NES schools were stopped without any prior notice to the parents at the beginning of this academic year. Parents learnt about it only on the first day of the new term, June 15. The management said that managing the school buses on the basis of the norms set by the government and the RTO was not viable. After parents took their grievances to the management and to the Parents and Teachers Association (PTA), the office bearers of Nashik Education Society (NES) decided to outsource the bus services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "14700777", "title": "Belgaum's Angadi Institute of Technology and Management joins hand with 8 engineering colleges", "text": "BELGAUM: Suresh Angadi Education Foundation's Angadi Institute of Technology and Management (AITM), has entered into a 'placement pooling' with eight engineering colleges to provide opportunity to the students to work with reputed companies.Addressing reporters in this regard, principal H N Nagaraj said that a number of reputed companies don't show interest in visiting new colleges or those in remote areas for recruitment purposes. So AITM has joined hands with eight colleges, wherein pooling of students at one place would benefit the companies for fulfilling their recruitment needs.The colleges that have come together are: Maratha Mandal College of Engineering, Shaikh College of Engineering, Jain College of Engineering, S G Balekundri Institute of Technology in Belgaum, KLES College of Engineering and Technology in Chikkodi, KLS Deshpande College of Engineering at Halyal and Nidasoshi Engineering College in Nidasoshi. These colleges would also exchange their resources and projects, he said.Nagaraj informed that Indian Institute of Technology, Mumbai, has identified AITM as a remote center and conducted workshop for teachers, students and researchers. Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee, too identified the institute for research purposes. Besides, Tata Consultancy Services has signed an MoU with AITM for students' workshops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14701704", "title": "Don't honour prescriptions of unqualified doctors: Food and drug administration tells medical stores", "text": "MUMBAI: The food and drug administration (FDA) has told all wholesale distributors and retailers not to honour prescriptions, particularly on medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) pills/kits, of doctors who are unqualified as per provisions of the Drugs &amp; Cosmetics Act and MTP rules.\"Many medical practitioners, who are not eligible, are prescribing drugs and kits for MTP. We have told distributors and retailers not to honour such prescriptions. If they don't follow our guidelines, they will be liable for prosecution,'' FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagde told ToI.A senior medical education department official said many homoeopathy practitioners had approached FDA minister Manohar Naik, saying they should be permitted to prescribe MTP pills/kits.As per state government records, there are over 50,000 homoeopathic practitioners, while more than a lakh practice ayurveda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore/kolar", "code": "14703123", "title": "D V Sadananda Gowda asks BJP not to decide in haste", "text": "BANGALORE/KOLAR: Two days after the BJP high command decided to replace him as chief minister, D V Sadananda Gowda asked it to think twice before taking any action. Speaking to reporters here on Thursday, Gowda said the people of Karnataka will not accept any decision made in haste.Earlier, participating in an event in Kolar district, Gowda pointed out that the BJP came to power when he headed the party's state unit. He contributed hugely to giving the BJP its first big break in the South.\"I am a disciplined party soldier and will abide by the high command's decision \u2014 be it the decision to replace me or to create a deputy chief minister's post\" the chief minister said.Gowda, scheduled to return to Bangalore at 2pm after a programme at a Beglihosahalli school, was in no mood to leave. He enjoyed being with the schoolchildren. He visited the computer lab and mingled with the children for over an hour, taking everyone by surprise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14708281", "title": "Sonakshi to do an item number in Oh My God", "text": "After the runaway success of Rowdy Rathore, Akshay Kumar decided to incorporate the success formula in OMG-Oh My God.In the form of a dance number picturised on Sonakshi Sinha and choreographed by Pabhu Dheva . We get you pictures of the actress rehearsing for the item song at Yash Raj Studios yesterday.The song Go Go Govinda composed by Himesh Reshammiya, requires a lot of rolling on the floor (as the pictures depict). An eyewitness revealed, \"The song is four-andhalf minute long. The steps were very difficult but Sonakshi carried them off really well. By the time the rehearsal ended at around 7.45 pm, she did not look too tired either.\"Sonakshi, who wasn't keeping too well appeared sharp at 4.30 pm, the scheduled time. Ashley Rebello already had two costumes ready for her. The shoot, however, has been scheduled for next week.When contacted, Ashwini Yardi, who is jointly producing the film with Akshay under Grazing Goat Productions and was also present on the sets, said, \"Sonakshi is a fabulous dancer. To match steps with one of India's best dancers Prabhu Dheva is not easy. Her dedication and effort has to be seen to be believed.\"OMG- Oh My God is based on Paresh Rawal's popular Gujarati play Kanji Viruddh Kanji that was later remade in Hindi under the name Krishna vs Kanhaiya. Umesh Shukla, who directed both the versions is also directing Oh My God where Akshay Kumar will be seen playing Lord Krishna.(Inputs by Mehul S Thakkar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14704603", "title": "Depletion of ground water level alarms Maharashtra govt", "text": "MUMBAI: Ground water levels in certain parts of the state have dropped alarmingly, causing concern to the state govt.According to the latest water table survey, the ground water levels in at least six talukas have dropped by over 3m.Another nine talukas have witnessed a drop ranging between two to three metres, whereas a one metre to two metre drop has come to light in 23 talukas.The late onset of monsoon and below par rains so far have only compounded the problem. Concerned by the depletion of groundwater levels, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has convened a meeting of officials from various departments to chart out a contingency plan.Measures like rain water harvesting, soil conservation, among others are likely to be encouraged further to abate the crisis. The government also has plans to consult experts in drought and groundwater management for a long-term bail out plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14698707", "title": "Submit power bill, get water connection", "text": "BANGALORE: Here is some good news for the 26 lakh Bangaloreans living in the newly added areas of the city. You can get water connection by producing your electricity bill. Hitherto, RR numbers were not the gateway to get a water connection.Ahead of the commissioning of Cauvery Water Supply Scheme ( CWSS) stage 4 (phase 2) by July end or early August, BWSSB has initiated the project to enable citizens get their water connection in a smooth manner.\"It is very difficult to find illegal connections. The number is growing alarmingly causing problems to those with legal connections. The illegal takers, including slum dwellers, draw more water by inserting suction pumps in the water line or by drawing an illegal line. The new system will help us trace the illegal connections,\" BWSSB officials said.In the new process, you can also produce sale deed documents of the property, telephone bill, general power attorney ( GPA) documents or ration card along with an affidavit in prescribed format on stamp paper worth Rs 20 from the owner or the occupant, stating that 'in case of any dispute, legal problems in respect of the property, Board can take action to disconnect water supply/sanitary house service connection without further notice'.The board has directed all sub-divisional engineers and officials to collect the RR numbers and other documents from consumers, which will help them identify the illegal connections too.Supply by August?Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB) minister S Suresh Kumar reviewed the progress of the Cauvery Water Supply Scheme (CWSS) stage 4 (phase 2) on Wednesday and hinted that the water supply can be started partially by August.In a press release, BWSSB said that all purification units and pumping stations were installed and 12 out of 24 filter beds were ready. The work on water lines between Shiva Ballistic reservoir and TK Halli is nearly complete.The motor installation works in the pumping stations at TK Halli, Harohalli and Tataguni are ongoing and the minister expected they would be completed between August 6 and 7.As per the BWSSB Act 1964, Regulations 5.1, the owner or lesser or occupants of the premises, who desires to have water supply, sanitary house service connection, shall submit an application in the prescribed form through the licensed plumber to the respective sub-division, along with the sanction plan, khata certificate or tax paid receipts issued by the competent local authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698218", "title": "Finally, Central Zoo Authority clears rescue centre at Gorewada", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally, after two years, the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) has cleared the much-needed rescue centre proposal at Gorewada. It will be one of the biggest rescue centres in India.Brij Kishor Gupta, evaluation and monitoring officer of CZA, confirmed that the technical committee consisting of group of experts cleared the rescue centre proposal on Thursday.TOI had, on June 26, reported about CZA granting in-principle approval to the project. The proposal was hanging fire for the past two years. It was first submitted on October 15, 2010. Since then, it was for the fourth time the zoo authority had asked the forest department to rework the plan.R S Yadav, general manager for World Food Programme (WFP), Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM), and divisional manager H M Meshram followed up with the CZA. Ashfaque Ahmed Consultancy Services Private Limited, Nagpur, too had pitched in to rework the plans.Talking to TOI, Gupta said the proposal has been forwarded to the minister for environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan . It will finally go to the Supreme Court where the state government will have to file an affidavit, giving commitment to provide trained staff for the rescue centre and budgetary provisions thereof.The rescue centre will come up in a 23-hectare area but will also have scope for expansion in another 15 hectares. It will have 10 cages for tigers, 20 for leopards, 40 for herbivores, 10 for small animals and five for sloth bears. The centre will also have cages for rescued snakes and birds.Sources said all the formalities will be completed in July. Plans are afoot to lay the foundation stone of the centre by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. This will also be an achievement of sorts for FDCM managing director Prakash Thosre, under whose guidance the proposal has been approved. Thosre is retiring on August 31.Sources said Rs4.62 crore has been proposed for the rescue centre. Now that the plan has been cleared, the money is expected to be released this year.A rescue centre in Nagpur is need of the hour, specially in the backdrop of man-animal conflict and spurt in number of wild animals being removed from the forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702382", "title": "Kingfisher Airlines staffers stage protest over dues", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 70 ground staffers, engineers and pilots from Kingfisher Airlines gathered outside the carrier's office in Marol, Andheri on Thursday morning and stood there for eight hours with the hope that the management will come clear on delayed salary payments.The pilots and other employees have, however, decided not to go on strike. \"We do not want the passengers to be harassed,\" said a commander. A similar demonstration was held on Tuesday, following which the management had promised salary payment on Friday. \"But when we checked with the airline banks, we learnt that no deposits had been made,\" said an employee.Owner Vijay Mallya is currently in Europe. The last salary his employees received was for January, paid on May 18.At 8.30pm, a Kingfisher spokesperson said that he had recieved confirmation that salary payments for February have commenced. \"Some of the ground staff have received their salaries, but it may be a month before all employees are paid,\" said a commander.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14703708", "title": "Belapur teen Mumbai\u2019s 1st H1N1 victim in 2 years", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: After a gap of just over two years, the dreaded H1N1 influenza has struck in Mumbai's vicinity again. The virus on Tuesday claimed 13-year-old Sarita Chavan, a resident of CBD-Belapur.Sarita was admitted to MGM Hospital, Belapur, on June 25 with slight fever, vomiting and diarrhoea. However, neither her fever and nor breathing difficulty subsided in three days. Worryingly, the hospital did not administer her the antiviral Oseltamivir, known as the best bet against the virus, within three days. The antidote works best when given in the first 48 hours. Soon, the girl's condition deteriorated.On June 29, as her condition worsened, the hospital doctors finally suspected the possibility of H1N1 and contacted the heath department of Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC). On the same day, Sarita was started on the antiviral.\"On receiving the call from MGM Hospital about the girl's condition, we immediately checked her, and sent her swab samples to Haffkine Institute in Parel. On July 3, her report came as positive for H1N1,'' said Dr Ramesh Nikam, who heads the health department of NMMC. Unfortunately, Sarita succumbed to the virus the same day.State epidemiologist Dr Pradeep Awate said Sarita did not have any underlying ailments as she was checked for malaria, typhoid and other probable diseases. He did not want to comment on whether the hospital was negligent in delaying proper treatment. \"A lot depends upon clinical acumen and presentation of symptoms of the patient. But if symptoms persist, Tamiflu should be started within two days,\" he said. He added that the state was carrying out sensitization workshops so that doctors start treating influenza before ruling out other ailments.The hospital, however, maintained that there was no negligence on its part. Medical superintendent Dr V J Mahadick said, \"The patient was admitted with complications of fever and diarrhoea initially. She had developed breathing problems only later. That is when we suspected it could be H1N1 and contacted the NMMC.\" He added that for the next four days she was given the antiviral regularly.Sarita's father, Budha Jabriya Chavan (40) said, \"We have spent over Rs 1.25 lakh on her treatment at MGM, but the doctors realized very late that it was swine flu. We have lost our daughter in the process.'' Residents of Jai Durga Mata Nagar hutments in Sector 8, Chavan and his wife are both daily wage labourers in Navi Mumbai and had to borrow money from relatives for their daughter's treatment. His two other children aged 18 and 15 years and his wife have now been started the five-day course of Tamiflu. \"She (Sarita) used to study at the local balwadi school in Class V. We just don't know where she contracted this disease from,'' said Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14699971", "title": "Selection camp for National Cadet Corps going on in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Kl Leediya and her twin sister KL Leema are clad in NCC fatigues and are among the girl cadets who are presently in the city from across the state hoping to be selected to represent Tamil Nadu at the National Cadet Corps camp to be held in New Delhi in September 2012. Leediya a Bcom first year student of Jamal Mohamed College in Trichy and her sister a Bsc maths student claim in unison that they are determined to make it to the final 40 cadets who will be shortlisted based on the performances in the selection camp being held here till July 13.\"We strongly believe that our NCC training will play a major role in shaping our future both in terms of personality and career,\" said Leediya.As many as 115 girl cadets from six NCC groups of Tamil Nadu, Pondicherry and Andaman Nicobar Islands are undergoing the selection camp out of which 30 are from various schools and the remaining are students of colleges and higher educational institutions. The selection criteria for the cadets include both physical and theoretical tests including clearing obstacles, shooting, map reading, tent pitching and also written tests on health and hygiene. The map reading training session was held at Madhukkarai on Thursday in which the cadets were asked to decipher the locations with longitudinal and latitudinal co-ordinates.\"The tent pitching tests will be conducted on Friday in which the cadets will be required to pitch a fully dismantled tent within seven minutes. Their performance will be evaluated and will play a major role in the final selection for the national camp,\" said Lt Col M Nagarajan, Camp Commandant.The selection camp is being conducted by 5 Tamil Nadu Girls Battalion NCC and it commenced on June 30. Nagarajan also added that the National Cadet Corp strength is likely to be enhanced in the coming years as part of the national wide campaign being planned to induct at least 2 lakh new cadets into the corps. He also added that the Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa's announcement to increase the refreshment allowance of the cadets from Rs 240 to Rs 800 will also encourage more cadets to join the corp.\"We are giving our best and we hope that we will get selected at the end of the camp,\" said S Meyyammai, a student of PSGR Krishnammal College for Women in Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14699086", "title": "Political egos affecting vidarbha's fortunes", "text": "NAGPUR: When their counterparts in other states are boasting of attracting investment, politicians in Vidarbha are merely repeating promises made a decade ago. All that Vidarbha has to show in the name of noteworthy investment through political push is the ordnance factory that came in the 1960s and DCL Polyester in 1990s. Ironically, ex-CM Yashwant Chavan from Marathwada was instrumental in bringing the ordnance factory, and DCL came due to the efforts of former Prime Minister Narasimha Rao, who contested from Ramtek.Industrialists say Nagpur's problem is that none of the current leaders enjoy enough clout in the corridors of power. So, if Pune/Baramati have a Sharad Pawar , Gujarat a Narendra Modi and Nitish Kumar is for Bihar , there is none for Vidarbha.Experts say Nagpur should have seen a lot more growth in the last one or two decades. Unfortunately, local politicians did not see beyond Mihan, and still continue to make the same mistake. Meanwhile, cities like Raipur did not have any such mega project, but their rate of growth has been far higher than Nagpur.It has been years since a politician from Nagpur district got a prominent portfolio in either centre or state cabinet. The local ministers have never been given finance, revenue, industry or other important departments. They have been given second rung departments like animal husbandry, EGS, textiles, etc. The only exception was present civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh, who was excise minister from 1999 to 2004. BJP national president Nitin Gadkari too handled public works department from 1995 to 1999.When TOI asked the politicians why Nagpur lags behind in economic growth, those belonging to the ruling party claimed that they have done every thing possible to kick-start Mihan. The opposition, on the other hand, blames the state government for lack of progress. MP Vilas Muttemwar blamed his own party men for bias against Vidarbha.Muttemwar, who was union minister of renewable energy for five years, is blamed for not doing anything for the city. He had announced solar city projects for Nagpur and Chandigarh. While Chandigarh successfully implemented the project, Nagpur failed. He, however, charged Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) with not showing any interest in it while the Chandigarh government ensured that it was implemented.On the city's economy, Muttemwar says Nagpur's economy suffered a major jolt due to the closure of Empress Mill and Model Mill, as the two together employed 50,000 people. He also slammed the state government for discriminating against Vidarbha. \"Ashok Chavan promised to set up IT zones in Nagpur, Nanded and Aurangabad. Now, they are coming up in Pune and Aurangabad, even though Pune is already a major IT hub. Even Praful Patel did not help Nagpur when he was the civil aviation minister.\"Senior BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis feels that the city's development is stuck because Mihan is not going ahead. When asked what the BJP-led government at the centre (1998-2004) had done for the city, he said that Mihan was a state government project. He also refuted allegations that his union in Indorama Synthetics had spoiled the industrial climate of the city.Anil Deshmukh said he has been regularly urging CM Prithviraj Chavan, deputy CM Ajit Pawar and union heavy industries minister Praful Patel to help set up an automobile manufacturing plant at Nagpur.Both Fadnavis and Deshmukh feel that Nagpur should not be compared to Nashik and Aurangabad, as the two cities are closer to Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703552", "title": "Code of conduct to curb disaster tourism in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Concerned over the phenomenon of disaster tourism in the city, the state security council on Thursday discussed the feasibility of evolving a strict code of conduct to stop the practice.Opposition leader in the legislative council suggested a 12-hour \"no entry\" buffer after any disaster; dignitaries, including politicians, should not be allowed at the affected spot during this period. Vinod Tawde said a four-hour window could then be left open for visits by dignitaries, followed by another \"no entry\" phase.The suggestion was well received by other members at the meeting, which was headed by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. The media's role in the coverage of disasters was also discussed.The recent Mantralaya fire episode was also raised. Mumbai sheriff Indu Shahani, convener of the education and awareness sub-group of the council, spoke about the need to ensure periodic fire and evacuation drills in schools, colleges and malls. Chavan said \"fire and evacuation drills in such places would be the government's focus areas\".Formed in the aftermath of the 26/11 tragedy and expected to meet once in three months, the council had met only thrice so far. With non-government members expressing their dissatisfaction, Chavan assured them that there would be periodic meetings of the council and its sub-groups.Presentations were made on the steps taken based on the recommendations of the Ram Pradhan panel formed after 26/11. Force One chief Sadanand Date also made a presentation on its achievements and plans. Tawde raised the issue of non-maintenance of speedboats and creation of additional posts recommended by the committee.Additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan said the issue of speedboats would be resolved within three months. Chavan said the CCTV plan was held back due to a technical hitch, which would be overcome soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14702650", "title": "Budding singers ready to grab the spotlight", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sky is the limit for these budding stars who have already made the city proud by securing a place in reality shows. City residents are hopeful that they will also bring laurels to the city like Ishmeet Singh and Devinder Pal.Resident of Daresi, Sonu Bajwa, 20, is in semifinal round of a singing reality show. If he succeeds in this round then he would reach grand finale. Classical singer Sonu said, \"I have full confidence in myself and hope that with hear work I secure a place in the final round. Recently, I was selected among the top 10 best budding singers of the country in a reality show which was broadcasted on Doordarshan.\"Sonu, who belongs to Kurukshetra, said, \"My desire for learning classical music brought me to the city. I want to make a mark in this field and for the same I practice for four hours every day.\" He added, \"My favourite singers are Sonu Nigam, Shafqat Amanat Khan and Rahat Fateh Ali Khan. I aspire to be like them.\" Parveen Jassa, 21, resident of Jawahar Nagar could impress anyone with her talent. He is also competing in a reality show hosted by a Punjabi channel and like Sonu, he is also in the semi final round of the show.He said, \"I started learning music at the age of six since I belong to a family which gives a lot of importance to music.\"Parveen started dabbling in music with collegiate competitions. From college to Inter college and then to state level completions, he participated in all of them. Under the guidance of Late Harcharan Bawa, Parveen learnt the core of folklore. Later, he went on to win many university prizes and also bagged the overall trophy in folk singing competition organized by Punjabi Sahit Akademi.Their mentor Pt Kapil Sharma says, \"Both singers are very promising. They have clarity in their voice and a good command over the language. Their voice modulation is also excellent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14697876", "title": "Medical colleges against admission review", "text": "HYDERABAD: Private medical colleges are opposed to any review of admissions at the moment saying that they were planning to send their management quota merit lists to NTR University of Health and Medical Sciences in Vijayawada for its approval.\"If the government suspected foul play in the admission process, it should have looked into the matter before the opening of the process. This is no time for a re-evaluation of admissions,\" said Laxman Rao, secretary of the consortium of private medical college managements.Sources said that the governor's directive to the government calling for a second look at management quota admissions was based on proof of sale of seats submitted by NGO Save Merit Society. The NGO in question had earlier approached high court seeking a stay on admissions at this colleges. The case will come up for hearing on July 8.\"Several colleges in the state have sold their management quota seats at prices in excess of Rs 45 lakh. Some colleges have even charged Rs 1 crore for a five-year MBBS degree. We have been fighting against this practice,\" said VARK Prasad, the NGO's president. In its petition to the court, the complainant has mentioned 14 colleges which have allegedly been selling their seats at exorbitant rates.Up to 40% of seats in medical colleges are marked for the management quota for which admissions are to be made on the basis of merit. The fee prescribed for management quota is Rs 5.5 lakh per annum for a course that lasts four years and six months.As per GO 136, this fee should be collected in four instalments. \"None of these rules are followed by private medical college managements,\" Prasad alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14696653", "title": "Kochi Metro likely to see red over Delhi Metro corporation demands", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Apart from the exorbitant consultation fee it is demanding, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has laid down a number of stringent preconditions if it is to take up work on Kochi Metro.The way DMRC's contract agreement has been drawn up, neither Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) nor the Kerala government will have any clue, let alone control, over the money spent. While the contract states that DMRC will not be responsible for delay in the works, KMRL will be penalised 15% interest for any delay in payments to be made to DMRC.Top sources in the Union urban development ministry told TOI that representatives of the central government, who will be inducted to KMRL shortly, will find it hard to justify these conditions since they violate basic norms of accountability and transparency.As it is, DMRC is asking for a consultation fee which would come to 12% of the total project cost - ie., more than Rs 600 crore out of the total cost of around Rs 5, 200 crore. Sources point out that this is unreasonably high when compared to other global players who are ready to undertake the work at a commission of four to six%. DMRC has indicated it is willing to negotiate the consultation fee. The DMRC agreement also states that the detailed project report prepared by it cannot be changed. This means there would be no provision for parking spaces, something made mandatory by the National Urban Transport Policy.Interestingly, pressure to hand over Kochi Metro to DMRC comes at a time when Bangalore Metro has terminated the consultancy agreement with it. As for metro projects in Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata and Hyderabad they have had nothing to do with DMRC right from the beginning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703631", "title": "\u2018Saviour\u2019 top cop tastes red tape", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior IPS officer has learned the hard way why Mumbaikars are reluctant to intervene when they see crime on the streets.Additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nagre-Patil, with the help of several police constables and in the presence of some other evening walkers, recently rescued a woman from being molested by two men on the Marine Drive promenade. A police constable himself became the complainant and a case was registered against the two arrested men. But, a couple of days after the incident, Nagre-Patil got a call from the Marine Drive police station to present himself there \"to get his statement recorded\".Nagre-Patil himself declined to comment on the incident but those in the know told TOI he admitted that he now understood what it felt like to be at the wrong end of inexplicable official procedures.An officer from the south region admitted there were several witnesses to the incident, including the policemen who took the culprit to the police station. \"It was not necessary to call Nagre-Patil for recording his statement just because he acted as an alert citizen when there were several witnesses at the very police station,\" he added.\"No wonder people avoid coming forward to help fellow citizens in trouble. What difference does one witness' statement make when several other policemen have already given their statements? It's a kind of harassment,\" another official said.Another officer admitted that this was why citizens did not come forward to help accident victims or intervene in crime. \"We always ask people to come forward, then engage them in unnecessary procedural formalities. We understand the need for as many as witnesses as possible in complicated cases but how many policemen's statements do you need in an open-and-shut case like this?\" he asked.Nagre-Patil and his wife were on an evening stroll on the promenade opposite Mumbai Police Gymkhana when he noticed two men assaulting a woman and a man. The officer, who was in his casuals, intervened. It led to an argument by which time a few constables arrived.It transpired that the two assailants, who were drunk, had accosted the couple after seeing them kissing and tried to molest the woman. They also assaulted her boyfriend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699106", "title": "BTE makes AICTE approval mandatory for counselling", "text": "LUCKNOW: Board of Technical Education on Thursday directed managers and directors of all institutions that offer various diploma courses to the students to get approval from All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) for admissions in academic session 2012-13.As per secretary, Board of Technical Education, all such institutions that do not have AICTE approval will not be included in the counselling process. This means, that no admissions can take place in these institutions for the academic session 2012-13. In such a situation, the institutions will be answerable to the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14699196", "title": "Bike-borne gang shoots teacher in Gaighata", "text": "KOLKATA: Miscreants on Thursday gunned down a schoolteacher in public at North 24-Parganas' Gobardanga. Barun Biswas, a teacher of Mitra Institution at Sealdah, was returning to his Gaighata home when the incident took place. He was one of the whistle blowers to raise voice against those involved in the Sutia gang-rape cases in 2001. Biswas was the secretary of the forum which first spoke out against the mafia raaj in the area.Sources said Biswas got off the train at Gobardanga and was walking along the Station Road to catch an auto. \"Around 7.45pm, a gang of miscreants came from behind on a bike and opened fire at him. After taking the first bullet, he turned back and received the second bullet on his chest. He collapsed on the spot. The miscreants managed to escape,\" said a source. In 2004, five prime accused of a rape case, including dreaded criminal Bireswar Dhali, were given life imprisonment. But, 11 other accused in the case were absconding. State food minister Jyotipriya Mullick condemned the murder and said the victim was a Trinamool activist. He demanded proper probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14697953", "title": "Congress not to appease Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Two senior ministers of the UPA government did some straight-talking here on Thursday, presenting hard facts on Bengal's finances and making frank observations on its \"culture of violence\" to indicate that the Congress wouldn't go out of its way to appease Mamata Banerjee to secure her support for the presidential poll.Union home minister P Chidambaram, who was joined by HRD minister Kapil Sibal on the trip to highlight the UPA-II's achievements in the last three years, said Pranab Mukherjee would win the July 19 presidential poll by 65% votes. Sibal created a buzz with his remark that left observers wondering if the UPA had already started considering Mamata as a part of the opposition. \"Those who say that we don't speak to the opposition before taking any important decision are not right. Yesterday, we spoke to Sushma Swaraj. Today, we spoke to Mamata Banerjee,\" he said in his opening remarks.The two Union ministers also said there was no dearth of central funds for Bengal. The remarks\u2014made at public forums and contrary to the chief minister's demand for a moratorium on debt repayment\u2014hinted there would no quick bailout for the state. While saying state needs to be properly utilize the money it's getting, Chidambaram expressed concern about the deteriorating law-and-order in Bengal. \"I am concerned with the increase in the level of violence and the culture of violence in West Bengal. The inner-party clashes are not a sign of democracy,\" he said.The remarks drew a sharp response from Trinamool Congress minister Subrata Mukherjee, who saw a conspiracy being hatched against the state government over the presidential poll and argued that the Union home minister had no business commenting on law and order because it's a state subject.While commenting on Bengal's financial health, Chidambaram said, \"We understand that the state's finances are in bad shape and its external debts are very high. The stress needs to be removed. The Prime Minister, who is a wise man, and the West Bengal chief minister, who is a practical person, will have to meet and discuss to find ways and means to get over the crisis. This situation happened over a long period of time and there can't be a solution overnight.\"Sibal refuted the charge that the state was deprived of central funds. \"I can tell you of the funds allotted for the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. Of the Rs 4,935 crore allotted, only Rs 2,273 crore was spent. This is barely 46% utilization,\" he said.At a seminar later, Chidambaram said, \"We need to treat all states as equal. West Bengal is no exception. In all the states, we have undertaken several central programmes in the social sector to ensure inclusive growth. There is enough money for Bengal. In fact, allocations in the 12th Plan for the state has been increased to Rs 1,36,895 crore from Rs 48213 crore in the 11th Plan. It is true that Bengal has a problem of financial stress, which is a legacy of the previous government. But the money which is coming needs to be properly utilized. For 2011-12, Rs 28,790 crore was sanctioned for the state. For 2012-13, the figure is Rs 24,342 crore. The sum is lower as we haven't got the figures for five of the 15 schemes. The figure will go up when we get those figures.\"The Union home minister was unhappy with the state's level of violence. \"Last year was one of the worst years when there were 990 incidents of violence. A total 136 people were killed. In 2010, 204 people were killed in the run-up to the election. In the first half of 2012, there were 415 incidents of violence in which 82 people were killed. All these incidents of violence are in the nature of inter-party clashes, which is not a sign of democracy. There has been an improvement in the three districts of West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia. The Naxalite problem has eased up for which I compliment the state government. But what is of concern is the rising violence in other areas of the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14697211", "title": "Bengal minister accuses Buddhadeb, opposition leader of housing 'scam'", "text": "KOLKATA: Aroop Biswas, the minister of state for housing, on Thursday trained his gun at former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra, state Congress president Pradip Bhattacharjee and a host of CPM leaders alleging that these leaders benefitted from government \"largesse\" by buying apartments at prime locations in the city at throwaway prices. When asked if the government would start probing what Biswas claimed to be \"bigger than the Adarsh scam\", the minister refused to comment, saying he needs to apprise the chief minister of it first.While the Left protested Biswas's statement in the assembly - and even staged a walkout -merely on technicalities and hinted at a detailed reaction later, state Congress president bore holes into the statement saying he had bought his Palm Avenue flat from this government and not the erstwhile Left government. \"For all I know, I paid this government for my apartment,\" he said.Mishra, who was also named by the Trinamool minister, fumed, \"The minister didn't even bother to provide a written statement as per norms. How will I react to it? If any allegation is made against me inside the House , a notice is supposed to be served to me first. It is also not a norm that allegations are leveled against people who're not even a member of the House. What right will they have for self-defence? This is unprecedented.\"Biswas, who was asked by speaker Biman Banerjee to make a statement after Trinamool MLA Tapas Roy cited media reports claiming that Bhattacharjee, Mishra and CITU state president Shyamal Chakraborty were allotted flats in disregard to norms, said, \"The state builds certain flats for common people to stay on rent, which are called Public Rental Housing Estate. In Bengal, there are 89 such estates and 20,276 apartments. Due to nepotism, false deeds were made and nearly 493 flats have been sold for a 999-year lease. Among these, deeds have been executed for 355 flats while 138 are yet to be completed. In most cases, political leaders and their kin have benefited from these.\"Biswas went on, \"Surpsingly, the file on Palm Avenue has gone missing. The file reached the housing department on February 1, 2011, from the real estate manager. But three days before it, a government order was issued on the file number. The departmental special secretary, and not the housing secretary, issued the government order. The secretary received this file six months after it on July 14, 2011. The present secretary received this file a year later on June 4 this year. It came to our notice after this.\"The Palm Avenue flats were sold for Rs 720.64 per square feet as against the present market value of Rs 10,000. The beneficiaries in Palm Avenue, Biswas alleged, include Buddhhadeb Bhattacharjee, Shyamali Gupta, Dinesh Lakra, Partha De, Minati Ghosh, Arati Bhattacharya and Pradip Bhattacharjee. Likewise, he alleged, Shyamal Chakraborty and Debjani Deb Sengupta had benefited from the Maniktala Special MIG apartments, along with 11 others, including Saifuddin Chowdhury and other CPM leaders.Contrary to what Biswas said in the state assembly, the West Bengal Housing Board at various times offers schemes to the tenants to purchase the flats. The cost is calculated on the basis of prevalent market costs (when the apartment was made) minus the total rent amount paid. The reason for such schemes is that while the housing board pays crores to renovate and maintain these complexes, the return in rent is meager. For example, a MIG flat rent is around Rs 580 per month. A reason why most people choose to ignore even such \"lucrative\" schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14699407", "title": "Youth killed in police cross-firing in Punjab", "text": "PATIALA: Cops of Sadar Nabha police station shot dead a dalit youth on Wednesday night during a chase to catch vehicles that evaded a checkpoint. Patiala SP (D) Pritpal Singh Thind said a checkpoint had been set up near Grid Chowk and around midnight, the team signaled a car and a tempo to stop. The vehicles were on the way from Bhadson area and the drivers, on noticing the checkpoint, did a u-turn and fled towards the same place, but were chased by police vehicles.Thind said, \"As the vehicles reached near Agol village, an occupant of the tempo fired at the police team, and so did the cops. The bullet hit Kuldeep Singh who was sitting at the back of the tempo. The body was dumped and the suspects escaped.\" But the claims of the police were refuted by the family members.Kin of the victim, who was at Nabha civil hospital, said: \"The cops say they fired at the wheels of the Tempo. How could the bullet have hit Kuldeep instead? A probe is necessary.\"It is however surprising that the police could not produce any bullet marks on their vehicles or clue of any kind that could support their claims of the cross-firing.A board of doctors was constituted to carry out postmortem on the victim, while the victim family has demanded a high-level probe. They refused to speak to media after meeting cops at Nabha police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "coimabatore", "code": "14699911", "title": "Rs 27 crore allotted for 2nd phase of research at Bharathiar University Centre", "text": "COIMABATORE: The DRDO- Bharathiar University Center for Life Sciences in the city has successfully completed its first phase of research programmes. Rs 27 crore has been allotted for the second phase which was launched on Thursday at the University.Among other projects during the first phase, they have prepared the anthropometric data for women pilots in the country. W Selvamurthy, a senior official at DRDO said that after conducting a study among women between the age group of 18 and 24, the centre had come up with key parameters in selecting women pilots.According to officials, the Indian Air Force (IAF) was using criteria followed by the British. The IAF had entrusted the DRDO with a study to ascertain essential parameters to choose women pilots. Results of the study have been handed over to the centre at the university. (The data was collected from a few students in every state). Based on the results, they have come up with the appropriate age, height, weight and other physical parameters to be considered when selecting women pilots. The authorities believed that non-Indian data was not suitable for Indian conditions. Their findings had been submitted for consideration a few years ago. However, officials have declined to disclose the details of the study, as they were under consideration by the IAF.Around 23 project proposals have been received from various departments of the University for Consideration during the second phase. Projects in this phase include the development of biometric sensors to detect food poison and transgenic tomatoes. The physics department of the university has already developed biometric sensors. The development of the transgenic tomatoes will be completed in the second stage.VK Saraswath, the Director General of the DRDO who had launched the second phase of the research said that several projects are coming up in the country. As part of an agricultural undertaking, they have already trained farmers in modern technology in farming in the high altitude regions like Siachen and other places. \"Seventy percent of the agricultural products from high altitudes are now farmed in those areas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14700066", "title": "Scanners and CCTVs will soon secure Raj Bhavan", "text": "PANAJI: Baggage scanners and CCTVs (close circuit TVs) will soon be installed at the Raj Bhavan as the institution's security is being beefed up.Sources said that the security arrangement was reviewed at a meeting held at Raj Bhavan on Thursday evening. It was decided to put up CCTVs at 24 locations at the sprawling residence of the governor of Goa at Dona Paula, near Panaji.Sources in the Secretariat said that tenders have already been floated for CCTVs and that they will be installed within two months. The authorities in charge of the security of the Raj Bhavan are yet to identity the points where the baggage scanners will be installed. They have been stressing on installing baggage scanners and CCTVs for a long time, a source said. Shortly, more surveillance equipment will also be installed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14698813", "title": "Villagers' support add muscle to Bharat Swabhimaan Andolan", "text": "NAGPUR: Continuing with his efforts to root out corruption from the country, spiritual leader Baba Ramdev has declared the last war against corruption called 'Bharat Swabhimaan Andolan'. He has enlisted support from various quarters like India Against Corruption (IAC), Shetkari Sanghatana and the many gram sabhas across the countries.More than 8,000 villages from the state have been covered, said members of the state division of the movement ahead of Baba Ramdev's visit to the city on July 16. The main demands of the movement are passing a strong Janlokpal Bill, systematic changes to the system and bringing back black money stashed in banks abroad.\"Our volunteers have visited nearly 8,500 villages in Maharashtra alone, informing the villagers of the provisions of Janlokpal Bill and garnering their support for the movement. Gram sabhas members from all the villages we have covered have pledged their support,\" said Vishnu Bhutada, state-in-charge of the movement. He informed that the Yoga guru has decided to stick to his demands even if it costs him his life.Many women across the state have also expressed their support towards the movement, informed Sudha Alimore, in-charge of the movement's central women's wing. \"We have got calls from around 2,000 women enquiring about the agitation and how they can contribute. It is very encouraging considering the August 9 agitation is still a month away and the number could double up in the interim,\" she said.Chief of the state's Kisan Panchayat, Radheshyam Dhoot, said around 1.25 lakh people from the state have already booked tickets for New Delhi and will be supporting the stir, either by sitting on a hunger strike or staging a dharna.\"The fact that lakhs of gram sabhas in the country have pledged allegiance to the cause in the last two months shows how much people feel the need for this movement,\" said city coordinator of IAC, Ajay Sanghi. He pointed out that the support of the villagers meant that an overwhelming 70 per cent population of the country was participating in the movement, whether they go to New Delhi on August 9 or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14700308", "title": "Violators take the one-way ticket to chaos on roads", "text": "GURGAON: The one-way roads made by traffic police all over the city are in a mess because of the violators. The violators on the one-way roads move on the wrong side without any check by the traffic police, leading to traffic jams during peak hours. The commuters claim that the police also do not bother to keep tabs on the wrong-side drivers on one-way routes.At present, the road diversion and the ongoing construction work on Rapid Metro are continuing to take their toll on traffic movement on the Sikanderpur-Cyber City stretch, especially during peak hours and the wrong-side commuters results in the usual traffic congestion.The TOI team, which recently went on the stretch between Sikanderpur Metro station and Golf Course, faced traffic congestion at at least four points during the journey because of the wrong-side commuters. The team faced major traffic snarls at intersections where vehicles heading from different directions were merging. Not only the four-wheelers but also the cycle rickshaws were moving in the wrong direction to reach the Metro station without any check.The bottlenecks were at the Metro stations on both sides where the private vehicles, auto drivers and cycle rickshaws head in the wrong direction to reach the station covering the shortest distance. \"The road width has considerably reduced because of the autos and cycle rickshaws parked along the road and the other vehicles jostle for space and traffic moving at a snail's pace. The chaos only increased during the peak hours. The existing width of the road is not enough to handle the huge evening rush,\" said Surender Pal, a commuter.Then situation was similar at the road connecting Golf Course with HUDA City Centre Metro station via Sushant Arcade which is at present one-way but the commuters still prefer to go on the wrong side to save time. With traffic from HUDA City Centre Metro station heading towards Sushant Lok I, the road in front of Park Plaza Hotel is a major trouble spot, where the traffic coming from DLF IV merges with that coming from the other direction, resulting in accidents and traffic chaos.The partial relief commuters experienced from the traffic jam at such one-way roads seem to be shortlived with the area again becoming a bottleneck and resulting in tailback especially during peak hours. Motorists complain that the lack of traffic management adds to their woes and say no remedial steps are being taken.\"The traffic flow was normal in the first few months and the situation had improved to quite an extent but of late things are back to what they used to be. Also, there are no marshals to man the area and something should be done to ease the traffic especially at this spot,\" said Vimala Aggarwal, a daily commuter.The commuters say that they are not interested in finding out who is responsible for the jam. \"All we want and hope for is that the road is not narrow and whichever authority is responsible should remove the encroachments,\" said Ashish Kumar, another commuter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14701963", "title": "Multiplex plan of actors\u2019 assn runs into trouble", "text": "CHENNAI: The grand plans of the actors' association, which had razed its existing building on the posh Habibullah Road in T Nagar to construct a multiplex and shopping mall, ran into trouble with a civil suit questioning the decision-making process itself.Justice R Subbiah of the Madras high court, before whom the suit came up for hearing on Thursday, has ordered notices to the Nadigar Sangam Charitable Trust's managing trustee and actor-MLA R Sarathkumar and actor Radha Ravi.The petition filed by S Murugan and P A Kaja Mohideen contended that the actors had failed to constitute a board of trust, and that the truncated trust had only two members - Sarathkumar and Radha Ravi.In 2010, the two had executed a deed to lease out the Sangam premises, worth about 150 crore, to a private promoter after taking an advance of 5 lakh. During the lease period of 29 years and 11 months, the annual rent would be 1,000, he said, adding that the lessee was given full right to sub-let and develop the property.Noting that the deal lacked transparency, the applicants said there were no convincing reasons for not constituting the full board of trustees for the past two years.Noting that only 1.4 crore was taken as refundable deposit from the developers, the suit said it was not known whether any competitive bidding was done to conclude the deal. They wanted the lease deed executed on November 25, 2010 to be declared as null and void.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702152", "title": "Senior citizen hurt as drunk driver rams into taxi", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior citizen sustained a right leg fracture in a mishap on Dr A B Road in Worli on Wednesday. The incident occurred around 10.45pm when the victim, Aparna Ajgaonkar (68), was trying to alight from a taxi while her husband was paying the fare.A medical report by Podar Hospital, which the Worli police received around 7.30pm on Thursday, showed that the driver, Santosh Desai (36), a Worli resident, had consumed alcohol.Desai, who was driving a Swift Dzire, lost control of his vehicle and rammed it into a taxi. Due to the impact, the parked taxi was propelled ahead and collided with Aparna. \"Initially we booked Desai under IPC sections for 279 (rash and negligent driving) and 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others). He was booked under section 185 (drunk driving) of the Motor Vehicle Act after we received the report from the hospital,\" said Worli police senior inspector Dipak Pawar.The incident occurred a compound wall distance from the Worli police station. The victim resides in the neighbourhood building at Ganesh Cooperative housing society in Shivaji Nagar, Worli.\"The incident occurred after my brother alighted from the taxi and was paying the fare. Meanwhile, my sister-in-law tried put her right foot out when the Swift Dzire car banged into a taxi that was parked. It propelled ahead and hit my sister's leg before get out. Luckily she escaped with fracture,\" victim's brother-in-law Sandeep told TOI on Thursday.He said that the driver was under the influence of alcohol and was unable to stand straight. She was taken to KEM Hospital after the police reached the spot. \"Police caught him at the spot but it seems that his alcohol test was carried out late. We had been running in the hospital from Wednes-day night and the entire day on Thursday to get medical assistance. She will undergo surgery on Friday around 7am,\" he said.The Worli resident, employed with a private firm, was released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14703092", "title": "11 BEd colleges\u2019 fate is in limbo", "text": "BANGALORE: The fate of students of 11 B.Ed colleges hangs in the balance for the next fortnight, with Bangalore University's academic council deferring its decision to grant them affiliation.WHY THIS CONFUSIONLast year, a task force under academic council member Karan Kumar blacklisted 11 colleges for subpar infrastructure and education. Later, another panel was formed under BU member KK Seethamma. According to that report submitted at the council, 5 colleges have been recommended for affiliation. It found the report 'lenient', and decided to form yet another task force to look into the status of these colleges. The report is expected within next 15 days. The colleges were asked not take fresh batches, to which they paid no heed. After much ' external pressure', students were allowed to write exam. When it led to controversy, valuators refused to check the papers. Now, 3,000 answer scripts are on hold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14698704", "title": "Couple dies in house collapse", "text": "BANGALORE: A husband and wife were killed after the asbestos roof and a portion of a mud wall caved in on them in their single-bedroom house at Ambedkarnagar in Whitefield on Thursday evening.Venkatesh, 50, and his wife V Narayanamma, 45, both from Andhra Pradesh, were construction labourers. They're survived by five children, including two girls.Whitefield police said the couple returned to their rented house after work on Thursday evening. \"They worked at a construction site near ITPB. Around 4pm, Narayanamma was sleeping on the floor, while Venkatesh was resting on a chair,\" police said.Suddenly, the wall and asbestos sheet came crashing down. \"Ambedkarnagar has many daily wage workers who rushed to their help. They removed the debris and shifted them to Vaidehi Hospital where they were declared brought dead,\" police said.\"They died of suffocation. Had they got some space to breathe, they would have lived as they didn't suffer any major injuries,\" said police, who are looking for the owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14697904", "title": "Davy\u2019s extradition may be a lost cause", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback for the CBI, the Danish authorities have refused to appeal in their Supreme Court against a decision of a lower court that had rejected extradition of Purulia arms drop case accused Kim Davy. Official sources said the Danish authorities have not agreed to appeal in the SC against the decision of Denmark High Court, despite efforts from Indian agencies to convince them.They said the authorities have made it clear that the prosecutor is not under the control of the Danish government and his decision is final. However, sources added that diplomatic options would be explored to bring Davy back to India to stand trial.Denmark had accepted India's request for extraditing Davy, but it was challenged by the accused in a city court in Copenhagen that rejected the extradition.The Danish authorities challenged the decision in the HC which also rejected their plea citing poor prison conditions, including overcrowding, torture and India's human rights record. The Danish legal authorities then decided not to pursue the matter further, and refused to file an appeal in the SC there against the HC decision.CBI sources said Indian authorities are not the party to the case, and hence cannot directly intervene. They said the courts were not considering the merits of the alleged crime, but on India's prison conditions and human rights record. The CBI had sent one of its senior officers to Copenhagen to present before the Danish legal authorities the gravity of the case, but the visit did not yield any positive results.The case relates to the incident on the night of December 17, 1995, when an AN-26 aircraft dropped arms and ammunition in West Bengal's Purulia district. The consignment had hundreds of AK-47 rifles, pistols, anti-tank grenades, rocket launchers and thousands of rounds of ammunition. The crew consisted of five Latvian citizens and British citizen Peter Bleach, who were all arrested. Davy, a Danish citizen and the prime accused in the case, however, had managed to escape. The crew was released from prison in Kolkata in 2000 after requests from the Russian authorities, while Bleach was given a presidential pardon in 2004 following requests by the UK government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "etawah", "code": "14699299", "title": "Two killed, dozen injured in Etawah", "text": "ETAWAH: At least two persons were killed and around a dozen injured when a speeding truck rammed into a Bolero near ITI Chauraha in Etawah. Around one dozen are undergoing treatment, police said. According to witnesses, the incident took place near over bridge on NH-2. The deceased has been identified as Arvind (34), a resident of Agra. Around one dozen people are critically wounded, a local said. Wounded are identified as Pavan Srivatava (38),r/o Adda Juhana, thana civil line, 27 -year-old Akhilesh singh, r/o Katara Bal Singh, Etawah, Baua (17), r/o Khand Purawali, thana Bakewar, Lala(36), r/o Garipaura,Etawah, 42-year-old Kishore, resident of Kokpura, Kunal(11),Arjun (26),r/o Lohiya Nagar, Bakewar Awadhesh(40),r/o Nagala Maheep Dannahar, district Mainpuri and 60 -year-old Raheesa ,district Moradabad .The injured have been admitted to district hospital in Etawah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14698688", "title": "Heritage tag won't affect people's rights, say experts", "text": "BANGALORE: Debunking the Karnataka government's claim that accepting the Unesco heritage tag for the Western Ghats will lead to displacement of tribals, environmentalists and wildlife experts said people with legal rights living in that area will not be displaced.Significantly, only 10 specific areas, five each in the Talacauvery (652 sqkm) and Kudremukh (881 sqkm) sub-clusters, which comprise existing notified reserved forests and sanctuaries, have been selected as Unesco heritage sites. Entire districts or taluks have not been selected, leaving people's rights intact.\"No new areas have been proposed for notification, which could have interfered with people's rights. Thousands of people with legal rights have been living in these areas for decades and carrying on bona fide activities,\" said Praveen Bhargav, managing trustee of Wildlife First, a pro-green organization. The forest department will continue to monitor and protect these areas and no outside entity or institution will be allowed to take over.TAG HAS NO TEETH\"There is no major benefit by declaring the Western Ghats a World Heritage site, except that it may get some minimal recognition in the international scenario. Several tags have been given to various landscapes in the country in the past and they have not changed anything on the ground. Unfortunately, this declaration has attracted the wrath of the people. It is equally important to note that no new laws, acts or regulations can be enacted by Unesco. Any laws in the country can be enacted only by our elected representatives through the assembly and parliament. This declaration has no legal teeth to impose any restrictions on agriculture, livelihood or any other activity. This is neither an issue to celebrate nor a matter to worry about,\" said Sanjay Gubbi, scientist, Nature Conservation Foundation.\"It is a politically motivated move. The state government is opposing the heritage tag with the thinking that it will get the support of locals and is spreading the wrong word that it will infringe on the people's rights, but it is incorrect. The heritage tag for the Western Ghats is essentially giving it an identity, and doesn't intend to displace the local community,\" said KP Suresha, executive director, Green Foundation.Forests in the country were notified after a detailed settlement process prescribed in the Indian Forest Act. These are designated as reserve forests. Some forest areas have also been notified under state laws, like the Karnataka Forest Act of 1963, designated as state forests. Significantly, the legal status of both reserve and state forests is the same. When forests were being notified, a considerable chunk was left out to cater to the livelihood needs of the local population. But today, much of this area is encroached upon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "white sulphur springs", "code": "14710162", "title": "Chopra, Atwal make modest starts on US PGA Tour", "text": "WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS: Indian golfer Arjun Atwal shot a roller-coaster even-par 70 to lie tied 63rd after the opening round of the Greenbrier Classic.The score gave him a chance of hanging in for the weekend rounds as the cut looks likely at even par and among those struggling at two-over 72 was Tiger Woods , who has now taken over the lead in FedEx Standings.Daniel Chopra , who will be playing his first Major championships in three years at the British Open later this month, opened with a one-under 69 that included a triple bogey and was lying 41st.But the surprise of the day was 49-year-old Vijay Singh , who shot his best round in almost six months with a seven-under 63.He was one clear over Jeff Maggert (64), Jonathan Byrd and Martin Flores .Atwal had three birdies on first, ninth and 12th and his bogeys came on the fifth, seventh and 13th.Chopra, who has two PGA Tour wins and three Nationwide wins against his name, struck five birdies. He could well have been much higher, but for his disastrous triple bogey on the par-four 13th.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14702334", "title": "Police Complaint Authority draws flak for exceeding its jurisdiction", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Police Complaint Authority (PCA), which is in the limelight for ordering strict action against Chandigarh cops, drew flak for exceeding its jurisdiction \u2014 by suspending and marking departmental action against some of the policemen\u2014 in Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday.Chandigarh administration has filed the detailed reply of a notice which was issued against it following a petition filed by a advocate, in which he claimed that the police department is not following the recommendations of PCA deliberately. The reply was filed by home secretary (HS) Anil Kumar.In the detailed reply, HS Anil Kumar said, \"A total 55 orders have been received from PCA and departmental probes were conducted in most of the cases.In certain instances the PCA has actually ordered suspension and transfer of an official exceeding its jurisdiction.\" The reply stated that departmental probes in 18 such cases are still pending.PCA has issued suspensions and departmental actions against more than 20 police personnel including some of the station house officers (SHOs) during the past six months. Ironically, not a single SHO was suspended following the recommendations of PCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703299", "title": "2007 Marine Drive accident case: I want real accused to be punished, victims' son says", "text": "MUMBAI: A local court on Thursday adjourned the hearing in a 2007 Marine Drive accident, which was reinvestigated after the victim's family said it believed the arrested person was not the real accused.Last month, following court directions, the police conducted a probe and submitted a report that corroborated the family's version. The court posted the matter for hearing on July 13.On March 23, 2007, Dharamsey (44) and his wife Nadia (42) were going to have ice-cream after dinner when a speeding car rammed into their scooter. Nadia landed on the bonnet of the car after being flung off the scooter. She was rushed to Bombay Hospital. Dharamsey, meanwhile, died after being taken to hospital.Their son Faraaz said Farhan Mansoor Ahmed, the arrested driver, was not the real accused as Nadia had seen four teenagers in the car. On November 21 last year, Ahmed, who is out on bail, filed an affidavit saying he was not the real accused.\"I will continue to fight no matter what happens. I want the real accused to be arrested and punished,\" said Faraaz.Ahmed told TOI: \"Umer Basar requested me to take the blame for his brother Uzair. They kept me in the dark by saying it was a minor accident.\"But when Faraaz referred to the Almighty, I changed my heart, deposed before the court and told the truth,\" he said. Based on information received from Ahmed, Faraaz tracked down the accused through social networking sites.The court will pass an order on the report after hearing arguments from both sides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699252", "title": "Power situation too goes for a toss", "text": "LUCKNOW: As if the poor drainage network coupled with encroachment -- that resulted in waterlogging -- was not enough, the power situation in city went for a toss too as soon as heavy showers lashed the state capital on Thursday morning. Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) officials said that the outages were essentially a result of snags in the insulators. A senior official said that insulators were apparently not cleaned up of the dust. And that resulted in earthing and subsequent tripping. Lesa sources pointed that it has been happening after every first heavy rains.At the same time, there were reports of transformers tripping from across the city. While a 400 KVA transformer developed a snag in Sitapur road, a 630 KVA transformer went off in Thakurganj. Likewise, a 400 KVA transformer in Aliganj tripped on Thursday morning and could not be corrected till the time of filing this report. Waterlogging also resulted in cable faults which could not be located for hours.So was the case with residential colonies like Indiranagar and Gomtinagar where repeated cable faults plunged the areas into a power crisis for a major part of the day.The situation got further aggravated after the crucial 33 KV feeders tripped in certain parts of the city. Localities in and around Utratia reeled under a power crisis for hours after a 33 KV feeder tripped around 8 am. Similarly a 33 KV feeder in Gheru too tripped resulting in power crisis in parts of Aliganj.Even the VIP colonies like Dalibagh and Butler Palace were not spared as distribution lines tripped as tree branches fell over them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14697974", "title": "Mamata govt forms anti-graft branch", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when the Lokpal Bill is awaiting clearance in the Parliament, UPA ally and Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has set up an anti-corruption branch to probe into corruption charges against government employees. The state cabinet on Thursday cleared the proposal which has created quite a furore among government employees.Thus, Banerjee has fulfilled her poll manifesto that had called for a transparent administration. The anti-graft branch will have its own policemen probing the corruption cases against government employees. They will be appointed in the rank of inspector-general, deputy inspector-general and special superintendent of police and there will be junior officials under them. Only competent officers from Kolkata Police will be appointed for the top posts.Briefing reporters at the Writers' after the cabinet meeting, state panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee said, \"The decision was taken by the state Cabinet to weed out corruption from government offices. The body will be framed on the lines of Prevention of Corruption Act. If needed, a fresh legislation may be introduced for the purpose.'The anti-corruption branch will probe into graft charges against all those employed with the government. They will include employees in local bodies, public sector units, government agencies and societies.The anti-graft branch will function under the home personnel and administrative reforms (P&AR;) department headed by the chief minister. Amid apprehensions of the new body's functioning overlapping with those of the state Vigilance Commission, officials clarified that once the anti-corruption branch completes its inquiry, the case may be referred to the Vigilance Commission. tnnEven as the Vigilance Commission is an autonomous body, the anti-graft branch will be directly in control of the state government.But the chief minister is believed to have said in close circles that the Vigilance Commission notwithstanding, she wants her government to have its own machinery probing cases relating to graft. Years ago, the erstwhile Left Front government had an anti-corruption wing under the home (general administration) department which was later replaced by the home (P&R;) department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14699312", "title": "Goa CM's car stopped for checking at five star hotel", "text": "PANAJI: Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar's official car was stopped by security personnel at the entrance to a 5-star hotel in north Goa where he was going to attend a function Wednesday evening.Sources said Parrikar's car with the red beacon light was stopped at the gate of the hotel for checking as is done mandatorily for every vehicle. The security guards at the hotel did not wait to see who was inside the car before undertaking the check.Parrikar tried to make light of the incident saying, \"I don't want to make an issue out of it,\" and declined to comment further.Since taking over as CM, Parrikar has been moving without police escort and pilot.Sources close to him said he didn't want to make an issue of it as he felt that the security staff would lose his job when it was the mistake of the hotel management or the hotel's security wing. \"The management should have intimated to the security wing that the chief minister was attending a programme at the hotel,\" an official from the CMO said.The official added, \"It was only when the (CM's) vehicle stopped as per the instructions of the security personnel that a security guard realized that it was Goa CM's car and panicked.\"Parrikar was chief guest for an event involving felicitation of 12 scholars who appeared for the final selection interview to select the awardees for a scholarship. The scholarship has been instituted by British Council and Goa Education Trust (GET), and funded by state's two major business houses-Dempo and Fomento Resources at the hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14699463", "title": "Monsoon advances, to cover Delhi in 3 days", "text": "PUNE: The southwest monsoon is expected to cover Delhi in next two to three days after it made a further advance on Thursday into more parts of the country.In Maharashtra, the coastal parts of Konkan and Goa, including Mumbai, and a few places in central Maharashtra, which stretches from Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south, continued to receive good rains while a sustained spell of rains continued to elude Pune and adjoining parts.The IMD has maintained its forecast of light rains in some areas for the city during next 24 hours with a 51-75% probability of occurrence. The city recorded 0.5mm rains between 8.30am on Wednesday and 5.30pm on Thursday. Since June 1, Pune has received a total of 41.2 mm rains, which is 127mm less than the normal rains for this period.On Thursday, the monsoon moved into some more parts of Gujarat, remaining parts of Madhya Pradesh and east Uttar Pradesh, most parts of Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh, entire Jammu &amp; Kashmir and some parts of Rajasthan and west Uttar Pradesh.The northern limit of monsoon, which denotes the area covered so far by the monsoon in the country, now passes through Jamnagar, Ahmedabad, Kota, Dholpur, Bareilly, Dehradun, Shimla and Jammu. \"Conditions are favourable for further advance into more parts of Gujarat, Rajasthan, west Uttar Pradesh and remaining parts of Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh and some parts of Haryana, Delhi and Punjab during the next two to three days,\" the IMD's all India weather bulletin stated on Thursday.An IMD official said the favourable conditions are mainly on account of the offshore trough from Gujarat coast to Kerala coast, besides an upper air cyclonic circulation over northeast Arabian sea off Maharashtra and Gujarat coasts.Similarly, an upper air cyclonic circulation persists over east Madhya Pradesh and adjoining areas and over Punjab and neighbourhood areas. A trough now runs from northwest Rajasthan to east-central Bay of Bengal across Haryana, south Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand and Gangetic West Bengal, the official said.Meanwhile, the IMD has reported a 30% below average rainfall for the country as a whole between June 1 and July 4. The all India area weighted rainfall during this period was recorded at 137.8mm as against the normal mark of 197.7mm.In Maharashtra, Konkan and Goa has been in a better position with 821.6mm rainfall for the period between June 1 and July 4. This is considered as normal by the IMD as the deficiency is barely 4% of Konkan &amp; Goa's normal mark for the period at 857.7mm.The central Maharashtra and Marathwada regions are worst placed with 36% and 37% rainfall deficiency, while Vidarbha has 27% rainfall deficiency for the period since June 1.Central Maharashtra received 111.8mm rains so far, as against 175.2mm normal mark, while Marathwada has received 102.9mm rains as against 164.5mm normal. Vidarbha recorded 149.5mm rains as against the normal of 204.6mm for this period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "14696829", "title": "Kayamkulam 'moral cop' surrenders in court", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Faizal (19), a native of Eruva near Kayamkulam, who manhandled a youth in a moral policing act, surrendered before the Kayamkulam judicial first class magistrate on Thursday. The magistrate remanded him in judicial custody for 14 days. He is the first accused in the case.\"According to the case registered against them, Faizal and his friend Ashik, who is the second accused, attacked Bijith Vincent, a native of Nooranadu, near Kayamkulam Government Hospital, alleging that he misbehaved with a woman on May 28,\" Kayamkulam DySP S Devamanohar said.Their friend Tanuj, who captured the visuals of the attack on his mobile phone, was arrested by police earlier and was remanded in judicial custody. Later, the court released him on bail.It was Tanuj , the third accused in the case, who sent the video of the attack to his friends' mobiles via bluetooth. The police collected the video and registered a suo motu case, following which Faizal and Ashik went into hiding. Later, the victim also lodged a complaint with the police against the three accused.\"On June 13, Ashik surrendered before Alappuzha chief judicial magistrate court and he was remanded in judicial custody. Later, we took him into police custody with the permission of the court and he confessed to the crime. We will move a petition on Friday to get Faizal in police custody,\" the DySP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14700981", "title": "Street play spreads awareness on accidents at level crossings", "text": "MANGALORE: The entrance of the busy Mangalore Central Railway Station turned into a stage for a team of youngsters who staged a street play on accidents at railway crossings on Thursday.The team, comprising 15 artistes of Southern Railway State Bharat Scouts, Palakkad unit, led by district organizing commissioner S Afsar Ahmed, created awareness among people about how to avert such accidents.Afsar said that they had already staged the street play at Palghat and Kozhikode stations. \"We have plans to stage the play at petrol bunks in Kannur and Shornur so that awareness can be created among drivers on possibilities of accidents at railway crossings. Majority of the railway crossing accidents happen because of the negligence of drivers, who do not follow the rules. Since there are personnel to man railway crossings under the Palakkad division of Southern Railways, the number of accidents are very less when compared to other regions. However, we need to be aware about the danger,\" he added. Artistes explained to the audience how accidents take place and measures to be taken to avert the possible dangers. Souther Railways Palakkad division divisional railway manager Piyush Agarwal and station manager PM Radhakrishnan were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14709382", "title": "Congress MLA files FIR against Rumi Nath", "text": "GUWAHATI: A Congress legislator in Assam today filed an FIR against party MLA Rumi Nath alleging that she along with her second husband had illegally entered his residence and beat up visitors suspecting them to be involved in the attack on the couple last week.Police said the FIR was filed after Congress MLA Kamalakhya Purkayastha from North Karimganj constituency faxed the complaint to the Dispur police station today.Purkayastha alleged that Nath, her second husband Jacky Jakir and two of her escorts forcibly entered his (Purkayastha's) official quarter at Dispur capital complex late last night and beat up at least four of his visitors and a caretaker.Purkayastha, who was not present in the quarter during the incident as he was in his constituency, further charged that Nath attacked his visitors doubting that they were \"involved in the attack on Nath and her husband\" in a Karimganj hotel last week.Police sources said investigations are on. Nath, who represents the Borkhola assembly constituency in Barak Valley, had created a furore by announcing her marriage with Jakir without divorcing her first husband.Nath and Jakir were beaten up and injured by a mob at Karimganj town on June 29 night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14700991", "title": "Stay against crushing unit vacated", "text": "MANGALORE: A divisional bench of Karnataka high court comprising Chief Justice Vikramjit Sen and BV Nagarathna on Tuesday vacated a stay order granted against Saanidhya Crushers in Andinje village in Belthangady taluk.The stone crushing unit is owned by D Harshendra Kumar, the brother of D Veerendra Heggade, dharmadhikari of Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala. Vasanth Devadiga and others from the village had filed a PIL before the court against the unit.The bench hearing a writ petition furnished by the villagers on June 15 had issued a temporary stay on the operations by the unit. Replying to the charges in the writ petition, lawyers of Harshendra refuted allegations and submitted supporting documents to prove that the crusher had complied with all legal requirements, following which the bench vacated the stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14701670", "title": "Gaur Hari Singhania medical institute opens IBM business analytics lab in their college", "text": "KANPUR: In collaboration with IBM, Dr Gaur Hari Singhania Institue of Management and Research for Career Education for Business Transformation (CEBT) opens IBM Business Analytics Lab in their college and research center.This initiative of establishing the IBM Business Analytics Lab will help the students of the college to enhance their skills in areas of managerial decision making and strategy. This programme initiated by Career Education for Business Transformation (CEBT) focuses on the major areas of business transformation where software plays a critical role.\"The Career Education for Business Transformation (CEBT) programme is a perfect example of IBM's commitment to software education. The CEBT framework for business schools is a bold leap in the academic industry collaboration, to help educational institutes position themselves for future,\" said Karthik Padmanabhan, country manager - ISV &amp; Developer Relations, IBM India.Commenting on the collaboration with IBM, Director, GHSIMR, Professor Prithvi Yadav said, \"GHSIMR Kanpur is one of the oldest and premiere institutes in North India since 1955. With the CEBT programme from IBM, once again, we have taken the lead, becoming the first institute in the Northern region to incorporate multi disciplinary T-shaped skills that complement current management curriculum.\"He added that this will make the students and faculty members of GHSIMR benefit from a broad base layer of analytical skills irrespective of the management stream they choose imparting them with skills needed to excel in a dynamic business scenario. = Meeting of academic senate of IIT-K on July 23Kanpur: The general meeting of academic senate of IIT-Kanpur has been scheduled for July 23. The sentaors would be deliberating on academic autonomy of the institute, termination of students from the courses and appeal by the students to re-instate them. However, the issue of conducting own entrance test would not be discussed.\"The final decision of IIT council on the way of conducting the entrance exam would be placed in the special meeting of academic senate of the institute. This meeting would be called by IIT-K Director,\" sources informed.The members of the senate said if the special meeting of the academic senate would not be convened then they would go ahead with their plan of conducting own entrance exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699116", "title": "First monsoon showers pour miseries on Lucknow roads", "text": "LUCKNOW: Municipal preparedness for monsoon stood exposed as civic situation went for a six following heavy showers that lashed the state capital on Thursday morning. With the city receiving its first monsoon showers on Thursday, residents of Old City as well as the Trans-Gomti areas were left fuming and annoyed at the apathetic and biased attitude of the civic authorities.Almost all areas, especially in parts of Trans-Gomti witnessed heavy to very heavy waterlogging that only signalled of the days to come when monsoon would pick up speed. It was not only the residential areas but also the commercial and crucial installations like the airport which were left marooned on the day. In fact, the new terminal building, which was inaugurated barely over a month ago by Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh , was a picture of complete contrast - it's roof leaking and the circulation area witnessing heavy inundation, leaving the visitors in a complete disarray.The situation once again exposed the drainage system that were constructed under the Centre's flagship scheme, Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM).Already under a scanner of urban development minister, Azam Khan , who is reported to have recommended a CBI enquiry into laying of sewer, the system, as apparent, did not functioned at all.Significantly, the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC), while stopping the payment towards contractors had also recommended a probe by IIT-Kanpur. Municipal commissioner, Nagendra Prasad Singh said that samples will be collected by the LMC and the district administration and sent to the IIT. \"We expect a report soon,'' he said.Sources said that the system, in the absence of linkages did not worked and hence large parts of the state capital got inundated in the process, as has been happening over the years.The lackadaisical manner in which the existing drainage system was maintained by municipal authorities also turned out to be a prime reason for the crisis. Most of the drains, as various residential associations have been pointing out, were not cleaned up.Knee-deep waters greeted residents and commuters after rain on Thursday morning. Be it Jankipuram, Mahanagar or Aliganj, waterlogging left the residents in a state of shock and despair. \"I had to go to the bank to withdraw money but my work was delayed as water took hours to recede,\" said Khushboo Shukla a resident of Janakipuram.The ongoing digging work at some places only added to the woes of residents. A resident of Indira Nagar, Bhawna Bisht, lamented that the digging work in her area has been very troublesome. \"The digging started way back in February last year and it is still in the process. Even after the rain stopped, there was a traffic jam due to it. The rains added to the dirt and filth,\" she said.People of the Vikas Nagar had to take alternative routes as most of the area was waterlogged. \"I took a longer route to reach my office in Hazratganj. Slushy roads made it difficult for me to commute,\" said Ruchika Sabharwal.The Old City area was no different. Areas like Hussainabad, Thakurganj, Nakkhas Road, Sarai Mali Khan Chowk, Raja Bazaar, Tooriaganj and areas adjoining City Station among others were left to fend for themselves against the pouring rainwater.This was in complete contrast to some of the VIP localities including areas around the Chief Minister's residence at Kalidas Marg, Dilkusha, Butler Palace Colony, Dalibagh, Mall Avenue and Gautam Palli which had clean wide roads lashed with traces of the morning rainfall stemming cheerfulness.With partially installed sewer lines and an almost non-existent drainage system, the rainwater had no outlet than to flood the crumbled roads and enter the houses of people.In Hussainabad for instance, rainwater measuring close to a foot and a half made its way into the houses. Faiz Manzar, resident of Hussainabad complained, \"The situation is constant without any change. Earth had been dug for sewerlines to be left stranded in a heap. Sewerlines have been installed but they are non- operative. Every year we have some team or the other visiting us from LMC but all their promises of a proper treatment of excess rainwater are just a farce.\"Citizens also alleged that it was difficult to move out as even parked vehicles let alone moving ones bore the brunt of the deluge. Also with heaps of garbage having been left stranded on the makeshift roads, general tidiness was seen lacking everywhere.Arish Tanwar from Napier Road II, Thakurganj said, \"My car was parked outside on the road. I was shocked to find traces of water on the upholstery of the car. A look around the developed areas of the city would tell you that it hardly rained but for us any rainfall is a nightmare.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698916", "title": "Vacant plots become dumps across city", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is hard to say what this plot on Rani Jhansi Road was meant for, but for 10 years it has been used only as a garbage dump. Businessmen at the furniture market here say they have learnt to live with the stinking eyesore after years of futile complaints to civic agencies. \"We complained to the Municipal Corporation of Delhi as well as the Delhi Development Authority, but they weren't bothered,\" said Kuldeep Singh, chief of Rani Jhansi Road traders' welfare association. It's the same story at many vacant plots across the city. Plots left undeveloped by owners are used to dump waste, and end up as magnets for stray dogs, cows and worse.While the civic bodies washed their hands off the matter saying that these plots belong to DDA, DDA officials said the plots used as dumps had ceased to be their responsibility once they were sold \"Mosquitoes and flies breed in the unattended garbage. The stench becomes unbearable each time it rains. No civic agency is ready to take responsibility even as diseases like dengue and chikungunya are spreading,\" said Ajit Singhal, a shopkeeper in the Laxmi Nagar market, where there are two such plots.Municipal corporation officials shrug off the responsibility, saying most of these plots belong to DDA. \"Sanitation is our responsibility, but we cannot go and clean properties that are not with us. We clean roads and other public utilities, but these are private properties so how can we clean them?\" said a corporation official of North Delhi Municipal Corporation.DDA officials said the plots used as dumps had ceased to be their responsibility when they were sold. Delhi Pollution Control Committee, the third agency that could possibly take action for burning garbage and dried leaves, says that it will look into the matter. \"We have written to all agencies, telling them that open burning of garbage is not permitted, but it appears that private persons have been dumping the garbage and then setting it on fire. We will see what can be done,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14700874", "title": "Truck mows down 3 kids near Bellary", "text": "HUBLI: Three primary schoolchildren were killed when a cement-laden truck hit them while they were crossing the Bellary-Bangalore road near Halkundi village of Bellary on Thursday.Sabiya Mabusaab, 7, her sister Najiya Mabusaab, 5, and their cousin Shabana Begum Iqbal, 6, were residents of Halkundi. The children were on their way to Halkundi Ashram's school when the vehicle proceeding towards Chitradurga from Kudithini cement factory hit them.Enraged villagers staged a rasta roko for an hour, demanding action against the driver. Bellary additional SP CG Kyatan said the truck has been seized and they're searching for the driver. A case has been registered at Bellary Rural police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14698515", "title": "\u2018Nuclear families lead to rise in HIV/AIDS\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka medical education minister S A Ramdas on Thursday made a remark that could raise eyebrows. Speaking at the inauguration of a literacy campaign, he said the nuclear-family system has contributed to the rise in HIV/AIDS .Living in a joint family eradicates the possibility of having extra-marital affairs. In olden times, elders in joint families would watch over children, teach them to be good, and prevent them from going astray. Nuclear families give way for affairs, Ramdas said without explaining how they promote HIV/AIDS.The Ramayana teaches us to be loyal to our partner, the minister said, and gave Rama's example.Supporting primary education minister Visveswara Hedge Kageri, Ramdas said: \"The concept of saffronization is nothing but teaching intellectual values to children through the Ramayana.\"Following the Ramayana is the best way to eradicate social evils; it would help to lead a good family life. Teaching the same in schools would benefit children.Interacting with children, he advised them to become like M Visvesvaraya and increase their intellectual level. \"Whoever studies in the English medium is not intelligent; children learning Kannada are not inferior.\"\"Every day when you step out to go to school, seek blessings from your mother. It will benefit you in a big way,\" he told the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698600", "title": "Arjun Singh\u2019s bland memoir a relief to Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is relieved at the tepid account of Arjun Singh's political journey after the year-long anxiety that the late party grandee could embarrass the leaders with his account.The excerpts to promote Singh's memoirs - A Grain of Sand in the Hourglass of Time -- have not revealed anything sensational despite his six decades in Congress as a close witness to momentous events. If he reserved anger for Narasimha Rao, who pipped him to the prime minister's post, it is not a taboo in Congress.Leaders feel Singh was an archetypal loyalist whose recounting of events may have been tempered by his consideration for his children's political career. While son Ajay Singh is Congress's leader of opposition in Madhya Pradesh assembly, his daughter too has shown political ambitions in the past and contested as an independent in the 2009 polls.There was a sense of anticipation when word spread that the former MP chief minister was writing his autobiography. With his marginalization in the top durbar and his public expression of disappointment over the party brass's ways of judging a loyalist, many thought a bitter Singh could be blunt in his writing.However, what has come out till now is, at best, a narration of events which are unlikely to trouble anyone. If the excerpts, as a principle, reveal juicy bits of a book to sell it, then these are pretty bland by general reckoning.If the book shows Rao as getting angry at the suggestion that Sonia Gandhi take over Congress reins after Rajiv Gandhi's assassination or as facilitating the release of the Union Carbide CEO, or even dubs Sharad Pawar as unreliable, they do not embarrass Congress or party men. Rao was long marginalized in the party's pantheon and Pawar has his own acrimonious past with the parent outfit.Singh was unhappy at being ignored for the Cabinet in UPA-2, running into a strong wall in the party after implementing OBC quota in central educational institutions as HRD minister in UPA-1. The unhappiness, it was apprehended, could spell trouble. Singh died in March 2011.A senior leader, who saw him from close quarters and worked with him, said Singh was definitely influenced by the political fate of his progeny. \"Anything inimical to party interests or image would have affected their career,\" he said. An MP wondered if the late leader had been inhibited while writing the memoirs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14699314", "title": "Dry spell ends, monsoon arrives with a bang", "text": "LUCKNOW: Though 18 days late, monsoon arrived in the city with a bang on Thursday morning. And, on the first day itself, a record 87.4 mm heavy rainfall was recorded. In fact, monsoon currents were so strong that they galloped overnight to cover almost entire UP and were knocking at the doors of Delhi. The weather office has predicted light to moderate rain with a few heavy spells in the city in coming days. Except for 2010, monsoon arrival has never been so late in Lucknow. In 2010 also, monsoon had arrived on July 5. The rain not only brought relief to people, but ushered hope for farmers facing drought threat. Rain brought down maximum temperature in the city to 31 degrees Celsius, four degrees below normal. On first two days of July, mercury had hovered around 41-42 degrees Celsius, seven degrees above normal.The cloudy weather and strong moisture-laden easterly winds had brought down the temperatures in the city on Wednesday. As the monsoon currents entered overnight, they started raining in the early hours and heavy rainfall was recorded till 8am. In fact, it rained more in the main city areas. While the Met observatory at Amausi recorded 15.7mm rain till 8.30am on Thursday, the observatory at Kapoorthala in Aliganj recorded 84.2mm. However, rain slowed down during the day and only 3.2mm was recorded between 8.30am to 5.30pm. Hence, the total rainfall in the main city was 87.4mm. Rain above 70 mm is categorized as heavy. Significantly, in June, the city recorded negligible rain. The rainfall deficit was 98% till Wednesday. However, after Thursday's heavy rainfall, the deficit was reduced to around 80%.The normal date of monsoon arrival in UP is June 15 and in Lucknow it is June 18. This year monsoon arrived in UP on June 21 and lost steam thereafter. The monsoon revived a couple of days back and covered large part of central India to reach UP. On Thursday, the currents advanced into some parts of Gujarat, remaining parts of Madhya Pradesh, most parts of UP, Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh, Jammu &amp; Kashmir and some parts of east Rajasthan. The northern limit of monsoon was passing through Jamnagar, Ahmedabad, Kota, Dholpur, Bareilly, Dehradun, Shimla and Jammu on Thursday evening. The Met department predicted that the conditions are favourable for further advancement of monsoon in remaining parts of UP, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand and some parts of Haryana, Delhi, Punjab and Rajasthan during next 2-3 days.The scanty rain in June had hit paddy and pulses plantation in the state. The state government had fixed a target of paddy plantation in 71,000 hectare land and 140 lakh metric tonnes production. Paddy is a water intensive crop mainly planted in east UP, Central UP and terai region. The farmers were also not getting enough water from the canals in the absence of rains, hence the paddy plantation target was reduced by 9%. Farmers welcomed the rain but said rainfall should continue for next few days to prepare the fields for plantation. Most parts of the east and central UP recorded rains 10-30mm rainfall on Thursday. Heavy rainfall was reported from Gorakhpur, Ballia, Sonbhadra, Mirzapur and Unnao. Rain, however, have also come as a challenge for the authorities because large quantity of wheat procured from the farmers is lying in open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14696839", "title": "Communal riot cases can't be quashed, rules Kerala HC", "text": "KOCHI: Criminal cases registered for disrupting communal harmony and for promoting enmity between different religious groups cannot be quashed even if the original complainant approaches court to withdraw the case, the Kerala high court has ruled.The judgment by Justice S S Satheesachandran was while considering a petition by T M Sameer of Ajanur village in Hosdurg, seeking to quash the criminal case against him under section 153A of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).Section 153A is invoked by police in cases related to communal riots and is for booking those promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race, place of birth, residence, language, etc. The section is also used for registering cases against those engaging in acts prejudicial to maintenance of harmony in society.Sameer was charged under section 153A, after a riot that occurred within Hosdurg police station limits in February. Police registered the case under section 153A against Sameer and others following clashes between two religious groups near a mosque.Along with an affidavit from the de facto complainant and some witnesses, Sameer had sought to quash the charges against him. According to section 320 of CrPC, certain offences can be withdrawn, which includes offence of uttering words with deliberate intent to wound the religious feelings of a person. Case for hurting religious sentiments can be withdrawn by an application by the person whose feelings were hurt.Considering the petition filed through advocate C K Sreejith, the court clarified that offences registered under section 153A are not compoundable at the instance of the complainant or any other person. Investigation on the crime is in progress and, at this stage, on the plea by the accused that the complainant and some others who are stated to be witnesses in the case have no grievance, the FIR registered in the crime cannot be quashed, the court held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14697898", "title": "Jaipal emerges winner in Times Sudoku", "text": "HYDERABAD: City-based educationist M Jaipal Reddy bagged the southern edition of the Times Sudoku Championship held in Bangalore last month. Reddy warded off competition from over 1,000 brainiacs in the Garden City and will now participate in the finals of The Times Sudoku Championship to be held in Mumbai. The winner here will represent India in the World Sudoku Championship.\"I began playing in 2007, thanks to TOI's initiative and I was only aware of classic Sudoku. Over the years, I got better,\" said top-scorer Jaipal, whose 71 was one more than his nearest rival Rakesh Rai. \"These events help to build support for the game,\" said Reddy, who is also the president of the District Cooperative Bank, Medak. Reddy has already accomplished the feat of representing India once earlier in the year 2007.While Jaipal Reddy bagged the top slot, the other top scorers at the competition were Rakesh Rai, Asha S and Rajesh Kumar. The quartet will now test its skills against the best in India in the national final in Mumbai, which will be held after three more city rounds. Four final winners will represent India at the World Sudoku Championship in Croatia in October. The Times of India will bear the cost of taking the team to the world championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14733430", "title": "Actress Ananya married Anjaneyan secretly", "text": "Actress Ananya secretly married Anjaneyan in Thirupathi.Sources reveal that the marriage was done without the consent of family. Anjenyan and Ananya are staying at Thiruvanathapuram now. They also gave interview on various TV channel confirming the same. However, if things shape up well they are planning to arrange their marriage celebration during Onam season.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14710462", "title": "Chandigarh colleges start new courses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City's local colleges have been adding new courses this season. With popularity of once defunct course, BBA picking up gradually, city's MCM DAV College for women has started a this course from 2012-2013 current academic session.The college has got approval from Panjab University to start three new courses- M.A. - I (Economics), M.Com - I and BBA - I.The much awaited news has opened another door of opportunities for students, who have been looking for commerce post graduation in colleges, which till few years ago was offered only by Panjab University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702245", "title": "Implement ecology report on Western Ghats swiftly: Gadgil", "text": "MUMBAI: Madhav Gadgil, lead author of the ecology expert panel report on the Western Ghats, wants its recommendations to be discussed at public forums.\"The recommendations are not the final voice. They are the starting point for public discussion in deciding how natural resources must be utilized,\" Gadgil said. \"The 73rd and 74th amendments to the Constitution mandate that locals must be involved in decision-making but the government has been reluctant to do this,\" he added.Four of the 39 sites in the Western Ghats, which will now be on the World Heritage list, are in Maharashtra. The six states through which the Ghats pass have strongly objected to the report's recommendations as they fear it will bring \"development\" to a standstill.The report underlines the development-environment trade-off has its strongest manifestation in the energy and power sector.Authorities have slammed the report saying it will not allow railways, roads and electricity projects bringing development in the Ghats and elsewhere to a standstill.The Maharashtra government, in its affidavit before the Bombay high court, has accepted the concept of demarcating the Western Ghats in various categories of ecologically sensitive zones, it has also objected to various recommendations.\"The decommissioning of large dams after 30-50 years will adversely affect water supply to cities while a ban on windmills will mean that local residents will have to be dependent on wood for fuel,\" said an official. However, experts who wrote the report have argued that, \"If Mumbai has huge requirements; one may reasonably propose that a giant coal-based power plant be located on Malabar Hill, which offers a topographical situation identical to the Ghats. Such a location will mean that the power will not have to be transmitted over huge distances greatly reducing transmission losses and losses of horticultural production under power lines in the Ratnagiri-Sindhudurg districts.\"D Stalin, environmentalist and director of Vanshakti, said it was time the government explored solar energy as a source. \"In Germany, the electricity obtained from solar energy is equivalent to what can be produced from 20 nuclear plants. If Germany can do this with its limited supply of solar energy, imagine how much India can produce with its location. The government must give incentives for such projects,\" he said.Activist Sumaira Abdulali, who had filed a PIL seeking the report to be made public, said development could not be city-centric, because it eventually creates problems for those living in cities. \"The Sawantwadi-Dodamarg area today is self-sufficient in food and supplies water to Goa. If it is diverted to cities, it will displace those people who will eventually migrate to the cities putting strain on its infrastructure,\" Abdulali, said. \"The government is not listening to these people,\" she added.Times ViewThe World Heritage Site tag makes it all the more imperative for the state governments and the Centre to implement the recommendations of the Madhav Gadgil Committee report. Even the judiciary has expressed its dissatisfaction over the delay in taking a call on the report. The administration needs to get its act together before it's too late for the Western Ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14710359", "title": "A remake of Vazhakku Enn 18/9 in Malayalam", "text": "Vazhakku Enn 18/9 is a film that has awed both the critics and the audience. After those boosting reviews, it is said that Balaji Sakthivel is all ready to remake the film in Malayalam and not to go without mentioning, the Hindi remake is already in a swing.The flick has such a concept that it did had the audience thrilled. The movie perfectly depicted the western culture that is been followed today. When UTV Motion Pictures and Thirupathi Brothers produced this film, the flick has few new faces: Urmila Mahanta, Sri, Mithun Murali and Manisha Yadav.Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14703075", "title": "Setback for Dharam over mining plea", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Thursday rejected former chief minister N Dharam Singh's petition on the maintainability of a PIL wherein then governor Rameshwar Thakur was named a \"competent authority \" under the Lokayukta Act.The bench has now posted the PIL for hearing on July 31. It has been filed by advocate D Natesh, challenging the June 23, 2009 order of the then governor absolving Dharam Singh in relation to the Lokayukta's interim report on illegal mining, submitted by then Lokayukta Justice N Santosh Hegde on December 18, 2008.\"The governor, acting as a competent authority, is not acting under Article 163 of the Constitution, wherein he is acting on the advice of the council of ministers. Hence, the immunity provided to the governor under Article 361 does not apply in the present case,\" the division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed, while stating that the dichotomy of roles of the governor and the competent authority is clearly specified in the Lokayukta Act.The governor had absolved the former chief minister on September 23, 2009, saying that he cannot be held responsible for the acts of officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14701964", "title": "3 years later: Kharar bypass will cut chaos", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Headed towards Punjab? But dread the chaos near Kharar? Then here's good news. You will be able to bypass the congestion on Kharar-Mohali road in the next three years. Greater Mohali Area Development Authority (GMADA) had finalized plan of a six-lanning of Kharar bypass. This road will start from Dara Studios in Phase VI and will go beyond Kharar, where NH 21 and 25 meet. GMADA has also included this road in the master plan of Mohali and it would be constructed in the next three years.The 10km stretch will also connect various sectors of Mohali. GMADA had hired consultants from Singapore to develop the master plan. The work for the master plan was allotted in 2008 and in about two years it was completed and the firm had included bypass in the master plan.District town planner Pankaj Bawa said GMADA will surely come up with this road and commuters can cross Kharar without any hesitation via this bypass and this road can also work as the sector dividing road. Land acquisition collector Pushpinder Singh Kailley said they are at the job and process for acquiring land has started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702894", "title": "FIR against builder, babu in land scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Thursday registered an FIR against builder Niranjan Hiranandani and IAS officer and additional chief secretary T Benjamin in connection with a land scam in Powai.On Monday, the sessions court directed the ACB to probe the matter after activist Santosh Daundkar filed an application against Hiranandani in relation with his Powai housing project.DCP (ACB) S Suryavanshi confirmed this news but refused to elaborate. He said the ACB has registered an FIR based on the petitioner's allegations and the probe will start. According to the FIR, Hiranandani flouted an agreement signed between the MMRDA, state and developer. In 1977, the state had announced the Powai Housing Development Scheme for economically weaker sections to be implemented in the villages of Powai, Kopri and Tirandaz. In 1986, the state signed a deal with Hiranandani and handed over 230 acres at the rate of Re 1 per hectare for land acquired. In return, the builder was to construct affordable flats for the poor.Daundakar alleged that a probe in 2009 revealed that of the 5.74 lakh sq m of built-up area sanctioned, the developer had utilized only 76,120 sq m. The rest was converted into luxury flats admeasuring 2,000 to 5,000 sq ft and sold at the rate of Rs 8,000 to Rs 15,000 per sq ft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14701669", "title": "Tamil Nadu's first wind energy plant now lies abandoned", "text": "MADURAI: Twenty-one windmills established in the salt pan village of Mullakadu in Tuticorin district during the 1980s, today stand dilapidated having outlived their life span. However, people in the locality feel that these windmills can be revived or repaired to augment the present energy needs of the state.Tamil Nadu ranks seventh in respect of gross potential and third in respect of technical potential with regard to wind energy in India. Forty-one potential wind energy generation sites were identified and the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) established the first set of demonstration windmills in Mullakadu in January 1986.\"Mullakadu has the highest number of salt pans in Tuticorin and the first 10 mills, which were established in the first phase, stood majestically among them whirling all the time, right from the time of their installation,\" said M Chockalingam, state general secretary of the Janata Dal (S), and a former panchayat president of the village.Later, 11 more mills, each having a capacity to produce 55 KW, were installed, and there was much enthusiasm among the salt producers because they were told they would be provided electricity generated by the windmills at Rs one per unit by the TNEB. However, Chockalingam said they never got to enjoy the power generated by the windmills but had to be content with having them in their midst.The windmills continued to whirl and generate power till 1996, when one fine day, a wing of one of these huge machines broke and fell in 1997. One after the other, the mills began to stop working. Soon, the office of the TNEB itself was abandoned and when contacted, the officials told the villagers that the windmills had outlived their lives.\"Now, with the power crisis in the state, we are forced to draw the chief minister's attention to this plant, because she is interested in using non-renewable energy, and power can be generated with minimum investment in this existing plant,\" said Chockalingam. He also sent a petition in this regard to the chief minister in May this year. He is yet to receive a reply.Natarajan, a villager says that even villagers have started realising the importance of sources of power generation due to the power crisis, which is affecting them and are very keen to see if these windmills can start turning again, bringing relief to industries and homes.Meanwhile, sources at the wind farms department in Tirunelveli, under whom these windmills come, said that all the machines had outlived their lives and that getting spare parts was a problem. Also, the land of the farm was on lease and setting up new machines on this leased land was not feasible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14698601", "title": "Businessman held for wife\u2019s murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: A businessman from south Delhi has been arrested for the murder of his wife, which he was trying to cover up as a suicide.The accused Amit Kumar (30) allegedly murdered his wife Vimlesh (28) and later hung her body from the ceiling fan to make it look like a suicide, cops said. He then raised an alarm and called neighbours who helped bring the body down and take it to hospital where she was declared dead.\"We received a call from Neelkanth Hospital in Ghitorni on June 11 that a woman's body had been brought to the hospital by her family who claimed she had committed suicide. A team was sent to the hospital and the body was later sent for postmortem to AIIMS,\" said a senior police officer.Kumar tried his best to stymie a postmortem. He approached police with several grieving relatives and requested the ACP Vasant Vihar to leave out the postmortem and hand them the body. He said his wife resorted to this extreme step after they had an argument. Kumar claimed he was not at home when she hung herself. Kumar lived in the Ghitorni area of south Delhi with his wife and two children.Police, however, did not give in to Kumar's requests. When the postmortem report arrived, it stated smothering and strangulation as the cause of death.Further, injuries on the body suggested foul play. Kumar was arrested and he confessed to the crime during interrogation. A case of murder has been registered against him, DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14709636", "title": "Shahid Kapoor learns Marwari for Yash Raj's next film", "text": "It seems Bollywood is getting into method acting. After Aamir Khan, Imran Khan and Priyanka Chopra now it seems Shahid Kapoor is joining the bandwagon. We heard the actor is learning Marwari language for his next.Apparently the actor is supposed to play a middle class Marwari guy in Yash Raj's next. Being a Punjabi, Shahid was finding it difficult to get the finer nuances of the language. So he decided to learn the right accent and dialect of the language. Shahid has decided to do a workshop.It can be recalled that earlier Priyanka learned Marathi for her role of a Marathi girl for films like Kaminey and Agneepath . Abhay Deol learnt to speak in Tamilian accent in Shanghai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14698648", "title": "HC grants interim advance bail to DK Shivakumar", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice Subhash B Adi on Thursday granted interim anticipatory bail to Congress MLA DK Shivakumar with respect to a private complaint against him in a land denotification controversy.The judge observed that the bail will be in force till the special court considers his application for regular anticipatory bail and if arrested, he has to furnish a bail bond of Rs 1 lakh and two sureties for like sum. Shivakumar has been asked to file an application for regular bail in four days and the special court has requested to consider it as speedily as possible.Counsel for Lokayukta police opposed the plea, saying that the same can be filed before the special court. He also submitted voluminous records have already been given before the trial court and the case is posted for taking cognizance and any order by high court on merit would affect the case.Lokayukta police have already filed a chargesheet against Shivakumar and others relating to denotification of 4.2 acres at Beniganahalli off Old Madras Road on May 13, 2010. The private complaint filed by activist TJ Abraham alleges that former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa used his powers to denotify this land valued at about Rs 40 crore at the behest of DK Shivakumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14703175", "title": "Kids who stammer have \u2018higher IQs\u2019: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Psychiatrists have expressed shock over the case of a seven-year-old boy being asked to leave school as he stammered. Some said the school authorities probably needed counseling and sensitizing to understand the speech disorder better.Stammering or the speech disorder, where a person prolongs or repeats words and struggles to speak fluently, is believed to affect at least 1% of the global population. The disorder, in most cases, starts showing before the child reaches five, and worsens if left unattended.Terming the incident \"unfortunate\", Chembur speech therapist Dr C Daryani called for more awareness. He said over the years he has observed that children who stammer have higher IQs, compared to normal children. \"It is not documented but I have seen an overwhelming number of cases where children who stammer are more intelligent. Schools should try to integrate and facilitate their education, rather than shun them,\" he said.Child psychologist Dr Milind Joshi pointed out that stammering could not be a ground for getting a child to leave school. \"Nowadays, there are not many oral exams. Even if there are, ways can be worked out to facilitate the child's education,\" he said. He said the school's attitude could further lead to an underlying depression in the child and sow seeds for hatred against schools and teachers in the long run.Stammering is closely associated with underlying anxiety in the child or family and shunning them from the mainstream could aggravate the problem. Psychiatrist Dr Hozefa Bhinderwala, who consults with Saifee Hospital, said children who stammer eventually start experiencing frustration, shame and embarrassment. \"These emotions affect the self-esteem of children severely. Every effort must be made, at home or school, to let the child participate,\" he said.Experts also blame it on Bollywood , which has played its share in ridiculing the speech disorder. The most recent to do so was Golmaal 3, where a character is ridiculed several times for not being able to talk fluently. On the other hand, the Hollywood movie The King's Speech, based on the true story of a stammering monarch and his struggle to overcome it, won several international accolades.Daryani, like other experts, said right counseling and speech therapy, among many other solutions, could overcome stammering in significant cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14700780", "title": "Online submission of option form likely from Monday", "text": "PUNE: The process for online submission of option forms for admission to first-year engineering degree courses in the state, is likely to commence from Monday.\"We will release the details of seat distribution for engineering courses on our website on Friday while the option form submission is expected to begin from July 9,\" state director of technical education (DTE) S K Mahajan told TOI.The DTE on Thursday released the final merit list for the centralized admission process (CAP) for engineering. However, it has not yet released full details of the next phase of CAP schedule for submission of option forms, confirmation and verification of the same at the application receipt centres (ARCs) and the schedule of CAP rounds.Starting this year, there will be a common admission process for all autonomous and non-autonomous engineering colleges, unlike in the past when admissions for the autonomous institutions would be taken up first.Sources in the DTE office confirmed that the schedule has been held up owing to the process of sanction of new engineering colleges by the all India council for technical education (AICTE), which regulates technical education in the country.Usually, the AICTE sanctions new colleges following which the state issues a government resolution (GR) declaring the new colleges as going functional from the specific academic year. The process for finalization of the number of engineering colleges as well as the number of seats at the DTE is in the last stage, sources said.At the time of declaring results for the MHT-CET 2012, which is the combined entrance exam for engineering, health sciences and pharmacy courses in the state, the DTE had declared an overall number of 348 engineering colleges and nearly 1.34 lakh seats in the state. This number is expected to go slightly up when the seat distribution details are released.The schedule for the ongoing engineering CAP has already been extended by two days, after students faced several problems in securing key supporting documents, such as the non-creamy layer and domicile certificates. The final merit list was initially scheduled for release on July 3, but the release had to be put off by two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14703186", "title": "Karamana-Kaliyikkavila road widening on track: Minister", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Enough funds have been set aside for acquiring land to facilitate the development of Karamana-Kaliyikkavila road. The acquisition would be completed soon, said PWD minister V K Ibrahim Kunju here on Thursday.Speaking to reporters, he said the land acquisition was progressing fast and the Rs 300-crore fund set aside for the acquisition process could be used for settling the land acquisition claims.On complaints regarding the alignment of the proposed road, he said it was finalized after discussions with all stake-holders. He added that the possibility of any change in the approved alignment was remote.The minister said people who lost their land to the road development can claim compensation once the government issues the 4(1) notification. He added that action would be taken against those who use the service roads for unauthorized parking of vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14699514", "title": "Bus driver killed, 16 hurt in mishap", "text": "NASHIK: A bus driver was killed and 16 others were injured in a collision between a truck and an ST bus near Pimpalnare Phata on Dindori Road on Thursday. The accident occurred at 8am, when the Nashik-bound bus from Kalwan collided against the truck coming from the opposite direction.Bus driver, Bhivrao Ade (45), was a Kurla resident. All the injured were rushed to the Nashik Civil Hospital for treatment. By evening, most of them had been shifted to private hospitals. The injured have been identified as Jibhau Bagul (50) of Dindori, Ameya Patil (22) of Pule, Dileep Pansare (45) of Vani, Sridhar Kale (54) of Dindori, Vijay Gujar (41) of Kalwan, Ashok Naikwade (52) of Dindori, Monali Borse (22) of Dindori, Shivaji Dhige (36) of Vani, Manubai Naikwade (70) of Dindori, Kasab Mandari (65) of Dindori, Rikukumar Chavrasia (30) of Kurla and Sanket Chavrasia (21) of Chembur.Dindori police said four other injured were shifted to the Dindori rural hospital, while others were shifted to the Nashik Civil Hospital. The truck driver among the injured hadn't been identified till late Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14702979", "title": "Patna University to complete admission process by July 31", "text": "PATNA: Even as the new academic session of Patna University (PU) commenced on July 2, its colleges and postgraduate departments are busy conducting entrance tests and personal interviews for admitting students to the general as well as vocational courses.While entrance test and personal interviews are being held for admission to all the vocational courses at postgraduate and undergraduate level, in the general stream, it is being held for admission to only three-year degree courses.Magadh Mahila College, Patna Women's College, Patna College and B N College have already conducted the admission test for BA, BSc and BCom Honours courses in their respective institutions while Patna Science College and Vanijya Mahavidyalaya will conduct the test for admission to the science and commerce streams in the next two days.Patna Science College will hold the entrance test from 11am to 1pm on Friday. As more than 4,000 students have applied for admission, the test will be held at three centres of Patna Science College, Patna College and Vanijya Mahavidyalaya, said college principal Arun Kumar Sinha.The principal said all the teachers of the college, along with those of postgraduate science departments, have been asked for invigilation work on Friday, even though it is a holiday. The objective-type test of 100 marks (40 on general awareness and 60 on science subjects) will be held on OMR sheets wherein students would be required to mark their answers in black or blue ink, he added.The entrance test for admission to the BCom Honours course in Vanijya Mahavidyalaya will be held on Saturday. Senior teachers and PU officials are being deputed as observers at all the test centres to ensure fair examination.The results of the tests are to be published latest by July 16 and admissions are to be completed latest by July 31. The minimum qualifying marks in the entrance test is 50% for general category candidates and 45% for SC, ST and EBC category students, said the principal.PU has also decided to introduce semester system at the postgraduate level from the current academic session itself. An amendment in the existing admission ordinance and regulations for the semester system is awaiting the chancellor's nod.As the semester system will require the services of more teachers, the university is also busy preparing a panel of ad hoc teachers in different subjects to engage classes on payment of honorarium at the rate of Rs250 per class subject to the maximum Rs12,000 per month. The panels are likely to be prepared before the commencement of classes of the new batch, said a PU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14702049", "title": "Flat sales dip by over 60% in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's real estate market has stagnated with only 45,000 apartments sold in the Mumbai metropolitan region (MMR) during 2011-12, well below the market average of 80,000 units annually.A Knight Frank research report released on Thursday said the market has an unsold inventory of 80,000 flats valued at Rs 1.05 lakh crore. \"Buyers have largely kept away from the market expecting an imminent drop in prices in the near future,'' it said.Sales in the financial year 2012 dropped by more than 60% from its peak in 2007 and 35% from 2011. \"This steep drop in absorption levels should have resulted in a similar correction in prices. However, a regulator imposed supply crunch through delay in approvals ensured that market equilibrium was maintained. Thus, an even greater fall in units launched effectively offset the impact of prices,'' said the report.About 55,000 flats were launched in FY 2012, down almost 40% from the 92,000 units launched the previous year. \"Supply was also constrained as developers actively delayed project launches and looking to liquidate current inventory before launching any fresh product to ease pressure on prices going forward,'' it said.Increasing costs of land, labour and raw material also constrained developers from cutting prices as they were \"already hard-pressed to maintain their current operating margins of 30%-35''.The largest demand is for flats costing up to Rs 75 lakh and 55% of units under construction are concentrated on northern fringes of the Mumbai market. Samantak Das, Knight Frank director-research &amp; advisory services, said, \"Core of the residential market is steadily shifting northward of MMR. People are prepared to move further away from the commercial business districts to find an apartment that fits their budget.''South and central Mumbai, which only offer premium apartments, are experiencing highest vacancy levels. Navi Mumbai, the peripheral western suburbs and Thane have seen a comparatively higher number of projects launched in the two previous quarters, causing vacancy levels to spike there too. The report observed that the investors' segment, which makes up 20% of demand, is offloading its real estate holdings.\"Vacancy levels are as high as 48% for units launched in the Rs 2 crore and above price bracket vis-a-vis 37% for the overall Mumbai market,'' it added.The total debt position of five major Mumbai-based developers is about Rs 6,200 crore as on March 2012. \"Developers are hard-pressed to deleverage their positions as they are getting buried under continuously mounting debts with the market offering little respite,\" said the report.Apartments launchedSouth Mumbai 1Central Mumbai 4Western Suburbs 26Central Suburbs 12Navi Mumbai 20Thane 15(In Mumbai, as on March 2012; figures in percentage)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14709534", "title": "Have exchanged information with India in 170 cases: Mauritius", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mauritius today said it has exchanged information related to over 170 cases with India over three years, and the two countries have made big progress on the double taxation avoidance treaty since 2006. Some of the information exchanged was even outside the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA) the two countries have with each other, Mauritius Foreign Minister Arvin Boolell told reporters here. He added, however, that domestic legislations should not over-ride the treaty between the two countries. \"Domestic legislations should not over-ride the taxation treaty between India and Mauritius,\" Boolell said.India-Mauritius tax treaty provides that capital gains arising in India from investments in the country from the island nation can only be taxed in Mauritius. As Mauritius does not tax capital gains, investments that are routed through the country escape this levy. A large quantum of foreign investments in India are routed through Mauritius to escape the tax net, which has prompted the government to bring out the General Anti- Avoidance Rules (GAAR) to prevent abuse of the tax treaty.\"Mauritius has done everything to curb round-tripping,\" Boolell said. During talks with External Affairs Minister S M Krishna yesterday, Boolell had also underlined the importance of Mauritius as a springboard for investments by Indian entrepreneurs to Africa. Amid concerns about Mauritius being used as a route for evasion of taxes, India yesterday got an assurance from the country that it would have a re-look over various aspects related to tax treaties, like DTAA.\"If there is room for improvement, we will constantly make room for improvement, of course, in respect and in compliance with the best international practices,\" Boolell had said, when asked by the media about India's demands for reworking DTAA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-06"}
