{"city": "None", "code": "15065749", "title": "What is man-animal conflict?", "text": "Experts define it as a conflict over territory. A man to man conflict could be over anything. Same ways, animal to animal conflict could be over food, water and habitat. But, when it comes to man-animal conflict, the flashpoint is the 'territory'. \"Both the man and the animal have a constitutional and legal right over its territory, and violation of territory leads to man-animal conflict,\" said RL Singh, former director, Project Tiger, and former PCCF, UP. Whether it's a man going inside animal's territory, or an animal venturing into a man's territory, it's a man-animal conflict.Courts have taken a strict view in some of the incidents of man-animal conflict in UP.In June, CJM, Bahraich denied bail to two accused who beat a stray leopard to death in Kakraha range of Katarniaghat on May 21.In June, district judge turned down the bail plea of two accused, who poisoned two felines on May 24 and 25 in Haripur range of Pilibhit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065933", "title": "Improve infra: CM to discom", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unhappy with performance of power distribution companies, Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit directed them to improve their infrastructure and submit weekly report to the government about their operations.Dikshit also asked the government-run transmission utilities and power generation companies to work in tandem with the discoms to improve power supply. \"It's our responsibility to ensure that power supply remains uninterrupted and smooth,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15065552", "title": "Three young accused granted bail in Velim killing", "text": "MARGAO: All the three juveniles involved in the murder of a 65-year-old woman from Velim, were released on conditional bail by the juvenile justice board (JJB), South Goa district, on Friday. The juveniles had been remanded to the protective home at Merces for being in conflict with the law since June 21. Principal magistrate of the JJB, P M Shinde, passed the order granting bail to the juveniles on condition of furnishing surety of 10,000 each.Advocates Prashant Borkar and S Viegas argued on behalf of the applicants. Shinde, in his order said that the juveniles should be present before the JJB (South) as and when required and should not leave the state of Goa without due permission from the Board. The court has directed them to attend classes and return home directly and their school attendance report should be submitted to the JJB every fortnight for a period of six months.The court has restricted them from visiting the village where the incident took place and directed their parents to ensure that the juveniles are counseled by a professional counsellor and that they do not get into any criminal activity or contact any criminal. The order also mandates the parents to inform the JJB if the juveniles \"misbehave or commit any type of offence\".It may be recalled that the senior citizen was found murdered at her residence on May 11. Working their way through the complex case, the Cuncolim police finally cracked the case on June 20 and arrested the three juveniles and two others-Ancil Mascarenhas and Dattaraj Satoskar-in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "15073014", "title": "Over 100 Indian workers to return home after travel ban lifted in Bahrain", "text": "DUBAI: The Indian embassy in Bahrain has succeeded in ending an existing travel-ban, allowing over 100 workers, who were barred from leaving the Gulf country, to go home.\"Nass has accepted the embassy's request to lift the court-clamped travel ban on all the erstwhile workers who ran away from the company,\" a diplomat at the Indian Embassy told Gulf News.Earlier this week, US-based rights group Avaaz said it had launched a campaign in June urging the company to return the stranded workers their passports after one of them committed suicide. According to Avaaz, the workers fled the company after Nass offered them lower wages upon their arrival in Bahrain than those agreed upon in their employment contracts.However, the firm agreed to the Indian embassy's request and would allow the Indian workers to return home.\"Nass Corporation announced that it will immediately permit more than 100 migrant Indian labourers previously trapped in Bahrain to leave the country and return home\", Avaaz said in a statement.\"The company also committed to a new policy in which workers will no longer face travel bans and Nass will refrain from continuing or instituting legal actions against workers who leave their employ prior to the completion of their contracts,\" the statement added.Nass Corporation on its website said that \"it will withdraw all court cases pending against runaway workers. And would allow the affected Indian workers to leave Bahrain at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15073305", "title": "Outstation passengers stranded due to the train mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: At least 200 to 300 passengers of long distance trains were stranded as their trains were terminated near Kasara station after the mishap on Thursday night in which a suburban train and the Vidarbha Express was involved.\"We have come to Mumbai by the Guwahati Express. But our train was terminated near Kasara station on Thursday night,'' said a passenger. \"We were not provided with proper facilities for more than 12 hours and we are stranded at Kasara station as the relief operations for the Vidarbha Express was on. We didnt have any mode of transport to reach Dadar and had to stay put in Kasara village till Friday afternoon,'' he said.The local administration provided ten State Transport buses to give free rides to the bonafide passengers to Asangaon/Kalyan from where they could take suburban trains to Dadar or CST. One of those stranded was a cancer patient. \"I have come all the way from Silugiri to for a check-up at the Tata Memorial hospital. I pleaded with the the Kasara railway station officials and other authorities to arrange for a vehicle for my transport to Parel, but in vain.Finally, I waited in the queue for the ST buses and got a bus only in the afternoon after nearly 15 hours,'' he told TOI. Passengers with luggage and children in tow had to go through a harrowing time before they reached their destinations in Mumbai late Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066720", "title": "HC directive to govt in BJP MLA case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday asked the state government to inform what steps it intended to take in connection with the alleged financial fraud involving BJP MLA from Radhanpur, Shankar Chaudhary.In this case, Chaudhary was asked by the HC two years ago to cough up Rs 21 lakh, which was siphoned off by the legislator from the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund ( PMNRF) for the purpose of building a school damaged in the 2001 earthquake.Chaudhary was accused of spending the amount for construction of his own private school. The court had asked him to pay the money back with 10% interest. Chaudhary was also fined Rs 25,000. The court had also ordered an inquiry against the erring officials and observed that if need be, there should be an investigation by CID (crime).Following these directions, the government set up a committee to look into the roles of government officials in this alleged scam.After nearly two years, petitioner-complainant Farsu Goklani approached the high court again complaining against government's inaction in this matter. The state government on Friday submitted an affidavit stating that the committee might require six more months to probe roles of government officials.Opposing the government's request for further time, petitioner's counsel Jal Soli Unwala submitted that a division bench had in 2010 issued directions to probe the incident and recommended criminal prosecution against those who are found responsible in this case. Instead, the government has limited its inquiry to the role played by government officials.Claiming that the present inquiry is merely eyewash, the lawyer further submitted that the HC itself had directed the government to conduct an inquiry into the roles of all persons, including members of the trust and the MLA. After hearing this, a bench of justices Akil Kureshi and Harsha Devani asked the government to come up with answer within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15068558", "title": "Gotcha! A not-so-smart burglar caught in action", "text": "BANGALORE: A burglar who thought he could hoodwink surveillance equipment broke into a recently opened scooter showroom on Hosur Road on Thursday night.The burglar evaded a CCTV camera and walked away with Rs 2 lakh cash after breaking open the safe, and took along two laptops in the showroom.But he was not smart enough as he didn't reckon that there were eight other networked CCTV cameras catching every step he took during his over one-hour stay in the showroom.After realizing his mistake, the burglar smashed six of the remaining eight cameras too, but their storage device provided clear footage of the culprit in action.Sources in the jurisdictional Adugodi police said the burglar appeared to be the same person who had committed a theft in an ATM in Wilson Garden.The culprit also destroyed three desktop computers, apparently under the impression they had the storage device, before leaving.The burglary was first noticed when the manager of Navin Associates, a Vespa scooter showroom located near Christ College on Hosur Road, opened shop around 10am on Friday. On entering the accounts room, he found that cash was stolen and all the computers in the office had been smashed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15065727", "title": "Now, file your I-T returns at a nearby kiosk", "text": "Mumbai: The income tax (I-T) department will install special kiosks across the city and suburbs to help taxpayers file their annual returns.Those in residential areas will operate on Sunday (July 22) from 9.30am to 5.00pm, while others in office locations will function from July 24-25. Returns may be filed free of cost but individuals and HUF taxpayers who take Tax Return Preparers' help will have to pay Rs 250.The locations are enlisted on the department's web site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15065148", "title": "Krishna delta farmers to approach SC", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Stating that the AP high court has no jurisdiction over water disputes, the Krishna delta farmers have decided to approach the Supreme Court for relief on the release of waters to the delta region from Nagarjunasagar. A round-table conference was held here at KL Rao Bhavan on Friday to discuss the water woes of delta farmers. The farmers unanimously resolved to wage a legal battle over the recent HC verdict directing the state government to stop releases from Nagarjunasagar.Delta Rythu Samakhya president Yerneni Nagendranath presided over the meeting in which farmers and leaders from four districts-WestGodavari, Krishna, Guntur and Prakasam participated. Addressing the meeting, former MP Yalamanchili Sivaji said that Sagar was constructed only to stabilize the releases to delta, which was considered as rice bowl of the state. \"Stoppage of water release to the delta was not only harming the farmers of the region but also the entire state,\" he observed.Congress leader Devineni Nehru said that there was no meaning in the arguments of Telangana leaders as they were working only to create unrest in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15065756", "title": "High Court stays bar on clinic visit of sonologists", "text": "MUMBAI: Questioning the rationale behind it, the Bombay high court on Friday stayed an amendment to the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Rules, which restrict the practice of radiologists and sonologists to only two centres in a district.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a petition by filed Dr Rajeev Zankar who runs a diagnostic clinic at Lalbaug and is attached to three other clinics and nursing homes. He challenged the June 4 amended Rule 3 of PCPNDT Rules and June 29 notice issued by the BMC to him to declare he would practise in two only clinics, as per the amendment. Zankar's advocate Deepa Chavan said he had been practising for three decades at the four centres. \"Obstetrics and foetal sonography is part of my client's activities. He diagnoses other ailments too. It is not necessary that all his patients are pregnant women,\" said Chavan.To the court's query if the petitioner tried to find out the reason behind the restriction, Chavan replied that it was due to \"inhuman infringement of the Act\". To it, additional government pleader G W Mattos said, \"The government found that the Act was being violated\". to the hilt.\"The judges observed while \"instructions are necessary to achieve the object of the Act but they must have some rationale\".According to Chavan, the amendment made it compulsory for radiologists and sonologists to specify their consultation timings at each centre. \"If my client moves away, he can be penalized under the Act. The amendment has been brought on the statute without complete knowledge of sonography technique,\" . It is a restriction to my client's right to undertake profession,\" she said. The judges said before the rules were amended \"such things should have been looked into\".But BMC's advocate Priti Purandare said the amendment \"is only in respect to sex determination\". and not others\".Justice Shah replied, \"You are proceeding assuming they are exclusively gynaecology centres, which is not the reality. What is the rationale? Can you restrict the number of clinics?\" Mattos conceded that \"radiology centres are not gynaecology centres and to say so is incorrect.\"Staying the operation of Rule 3 of PCPNDT and the BMC notice, the judges directed that sonologists/radiologists must specify their consultation hours and said it would not prevent them from undertaking USG at other centres. Admitting the plea, the judges directed the state and Centre to their replies and posted hearing to September 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15067542", "title": "Two houses, shop looted in a night", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars struck at two houses and a scrap iron shop in Choolai, Kolathur and Kodungaiyur and made away with valuables. Police are investigating to ascertain whether the same gang was involved in the thefts reported from three different areas.In the first case, burglars struck at the house of Surendra Singhvi, a financier, on Gopal Street in Vepery. Thirty-sovereign gold jewellery, 2 lakh in cash and 10kg of silver jewellery were stolen from the house. The theft took place when Singhvi was in Bangalore and his son had gone to stay at his friend's house. His son, who returned home on Friday morning, found the door lock broken and alerted his father. A complaint has been lodged.In another incident, burglars looted 30-sovereign gold jewellery and 4 lakh in cash from the house of a textile shop owner, Chandrasekar, at Eveready Colony, Kodungaiyur. Chandrasekar and his family were away when the burglary took place. It came to light when they returned home on Friday morning.In the third incident of burglary, unidentified persons struck at a scrap iron shop in Kolathur and escaped with 4 lakh in cash. They gained entry by breaking the shutters and looted the cash kept in an almirah. The employees who reached the shop on Friday morning, found the lock broken and the almirah ransacked. Based on a complaint from the shopowner Venkatesan, police rushed to the spot and began an investigation.\"The burglars must have been aware of the family members going out of station and targeted the houses,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15066933", "title": "5-year-old girl tests H1N1 positive", "text": "COIMBATORE: Of the four people who were referred to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH), a 5-year-old girl was found positive and has been shifted to the isolation ward at the hospital. However, hospital authorities claimed that she was not critical and will be discharged in the next two days.The girl hails from Ithalar near Porthiaada in Nilgiris and was referred for treatment after a 26-year-old woman residing next to their house died of H1N1 infection on Tuesday evening. Three others from the same family were also referred to CMCH but they were not tested positive and are still in the general ward of the hospital.\"The little girl is completely out of danger and she will be discharged from the hospital,\" said P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer, CMCH.A family member of the 5-year-old girl also told TOI they were expecting the doctors to release the girl within a day or two from the hospital. Local health officials in the Nilgiris referred four members of the family residing next to the house of Gayathri who passed away due to H1N1 infection after not responding to treatment on Tuesday late evening to Coimbatore government hospital for screening.\"Gayathri visited our home frequently so we were asked to come here for testing as a precautionary measure,\" said a family member. Six members from the family are presently here in Coimbatore district.Meanwhile the Nilgiris district administration officials claimed they have verified the travel history of the deceased woman and also the people who were referred to Coimbatore for treatment. It was revealed that Gayathri had not travelled out of the Nilgiris district recently. Initially it was suspected that she might have visited her family near Avinashi in Tirupur recently. It was also found that the four member family referred to Coimbatore hospital had visited Pudhukottai about two months back.\"We are still conducting surveillance of Ithalar and also Nenjanad localities in the district. People with minor fever symptoms are either being given medicines or advised to approach the district government hospital,\" said L Nirmalraj, district revenue officer, Nilgiris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15067459", "title": "Woman found in unconscious condition", "text": "KANPUR: In yet another shocking incident, a young woman, aged around 30, was found lying unconscious in a van under mysterious circumstances near Fattepur village in Maharajpur police area here on Friday.The woman identified as Renu wife of Tarun Mishra, a resident of Triveni nagar Rail Bazar area and a teacher by profession had deep injury marks on her body including neck, which suggested that she was severely attacked with a sharp-edged weapon. Her hands were tied with a 'dupatta' and a kitchen knife was also recovered from the four-wheeler. She has been admitted to a nearby Hospital in a critical condition. Though she is stable, she is not in a position to speak. The police is relying on her statement to ascertain information about the incident.Suicide: A 22-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide in her house in Roshannagar Kalyanpur area of the city here on late Wednesday night.Munni Begum, wife of Shahid Warsi hanged herself from the ceiling at her Roshannagar house, the police said.On Thursday night, after having her dinner, she straightaway went into her room and locked the door from inside and hanged herself. The incident, however, came to light on Friday morning, when other house inmates, who after repeated knocks broke open the door and found Munni hanging from the ceiling of her room, the police said.The police further added, \"No suicide note was, however, recovered from her room, but search is on for the same\". The police after conducting preliminary investigations later sent the body for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15073746", "title": "Raj Thackeray in Bhayander, to address partymen", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray will on Saturday address the candidates vying for a ticket for the forthcoming Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) polls.On Friday, MNS vice president and wife of Raj Thackeray, Shalini Thackeray interviewed the 140 candidates hoping for a ticket. The candidates had taken the MNS written examination on July 15 to test their knowledge of civic governance. A team of MNS leaders, including state general secretary Anil Shidore, Shirish Sawant, Dilip Kadam and Harshal Deshpande interviewed the candidates. Candidates comprising of women, youngsters and veteran corporators were grilled about how they will contribute to the development of the region if elected.Raj Thackeray will address the candidates and other party members at Bhayander on Saturday evening before taking a final call on the list. The election will be fought for a total of 95 seats. With the polls less than a month away, the party wants to select its candidates and begin campaigning. The last date for filing of nomination forms is July 24.Raj's visit to Bhayander is significant in the light of the coming together of Raj and Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray during the latter's illness early this week. Both MNS activists and other political parties are eagerly waiting to hear what Raj will say while addressing the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15064379", "title": "Work at coal mine resumes after 23 days", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Work at the Tapin South Open cast coal mine, a project of Central Coalfields Limited (CCL), resumed on Friday after a gap of 23 days, under police vigilance, said SP Manoj Kaushik.Heavy police force has been deployed at the mine for instilling courage and confidence in the officials and workers, who stopped attending office after receiving threat calls, last month. Due to sudden closure of coalmine project, HSCL which was raising coal from there on behalf of the CCL had to incur a loss of Rs 20 lakh per day. The SP said, since June 27, following an alleged threat received by the HSCL staff, work has been put on hold. Some criminal elements in the garb of CPI (Maoists) had pasted posters demanding levy from the officials and warned of dire consequences, if their claims go unheard. Since then, workers stopped coming to the office and coal production came to total halt.He said that after investigation, police found that some anti-social elements threatened the officials and their identity is yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15065867", "title": "Holy month of Ramzan from today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Ramzan, the holy month of fasting for Muslims, will begin from Saturday, announced president of the Markazi Chand Committee Maulana Khalid Rasheed Firangi Mahali late on Friday night. He said that since the moon was sighted in many parts of the country, therefore, the committee had taken a decision to announce that the Ramzan would begin on Saturday.Earlier, he had stated in a release that since the new moon was not sighted on Friday, therefore, Ramzan would begin from Sunday. Ramzan, the ninth month of the Islamic lunar calendar, is observed as a fasting period by Muslims,who abstain from food and water from sunrise to sunset.The month-long fasting will culminate in the Id-ul-Fitr celebrations next month.Ramzan helpline: If you have miss a roza by mistake, don't panic. Feeding a beggar twice a day can make up for the error. This and many more valuable suggestions will be given by Maulana Khalid Rashid Firangi Mahali to the callers contacting him during Ramzan. Like every year, the tele-helpline to help rozedaars clear all kinds of doubts will be launched on day one of Ramzan.The phone-in service to ease out Muslims during Ramzan started 11 years ago by the convent educated cleric along with his two friends and now acquires an international space.Talking to TOI, Maulana Rashid said, \"We get phone calls from people asking erratic questions like what to eat to open the 'roza'? What precautions one should take so that the fast is intact till the end? Not only we get local calls but people from United Kingdom and Saudi Arabia also call us and seek solutions to their problems.''Among other queries that the callers put forth include what kind of Islamic book should be read in order to get 'ibadat' (prayers) fulfilled. People also ask us about 'zakab' -- a tradition which says if rozedar has 77 grams or more quantity of gold with him for more than a year, then he has to donate 2.5% of the gold to a needy person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15064557", "title": "50 buses to be handed over to schools", "text": "PANAJI: Fifty buses in three batches - of 11, 24 and 15 - will be handed over to government, government aided and special schools under a state government scheme this month.The directorate of education (DoE) has issued orders to the supplier of the buses to provide the vehicles to 50 schools, which were not covered under the earlier schemes of buses to schools to transport students. The state had merged the various schemes such as the Indira Bal Rath, Suvarna Bal Rath and Gomant Bal Rath etc last month and it was decided that a bus each will be provided to schools which have not been covered under these schemes to transport children to school.Special schools in the state will be provided the buses first with the state government-run Sanjay School for Special Children in Porvorim being sanctioned three buses. Peace Haven, Caranzalem; Fairyland Special School, Goa Velha; Lokvishwas Prathisthan School for Deaf and Dumb, Valpoi; Jyot School for Autism, Margao; St Vincent Special School, Curtorim; Ashadeep, Mormugao; Astha, Khorlim and Keshav Seva in Sattari are the other special schools to be provided the buses.Among the regular schools, buses will be provided to high schools and some higher secondary schools as well to make it easier for students from interior regions to travel to school rather than rely on Goa's unpredictable public transportation system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15067947", "title": "High court upholds govt takeover of Vellore temple", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Friday upheld the takeover of the Arulmigu Jalakanteshwarar temple in the fort at Vellore by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) Department.A bench of Justice K Chandru dismissed a petition filed by TP Prabakaran, honorary secretary of Jalakanteshwarar Dharmasthanam, a registered society that oversees the day-to-day maintenance of the temple. The petition filed on December 23, 2008 sought quashing of the HR&CE; order that included it in the list of temples maintained by the department under Section 46 (iii) of the TN HR&CE; Act.In the order, Justice Chandru said the temple was a public institution covered by the provisions of the Act and the entire area was under the Archaeological Survey of India's control. However, once right of worship is allowed, it becomes a religious institution and comes under the provisions of the Act. And, depending upon the income received from the public, the authorities are entitled to include the temple in the list of temples under Section 46 of the Act. \"So, the notification issued by the commissioner of HR&CE; is well within his power,\" Justice Chandru said.The temple, said to have been built during the Vijayanagar period, was vandalized in the 17th century and worship came to an end. However, the structure remained intact and in 1981, the presiding deity was installed and worship commenced. It was later declared an ancient monument under the Ancient Monuments Preservation Act, 1904 and brought under control of the ASI.Following complaints in this regard, the HR &amp; CE commissioner issued an order on February 24, 2003 taking over of the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15066753", "title": "It is a case of negligence, says Visvesvara Hegde Kageri", "text": "BANGALORE: The alleged snipping of hair of students admitted under Right To Education (RTE) in Oxford English School, Nandini Layout, is a case of negligence by those concerned, primary and secondary education minister Visvesvara Hegde Kageri said. He was citing findings recorded in an interim report on the issue.\"We have received the interim report prepared by the jurisdictional deputy director of public instruction (DDPI) and block education officer (BEO). But we have sought more details,\" Kageri told TOI.The RTE students, however, later told police and media that a classmate had cut their hair.\"From whatever has been gathered, this is not exactly a case of discrimination. The management and teachers are not involved in it. It can be called more as a case of negligence by the teacher or whoever concerned. But let us wait for more details to come to a conclusion,\" the minister said.Education department officials said that they have asked for more details on various issues in the report.On the hair-snipping controversy, the interim report has cited the school's defence that the hair of general merit students too had been cut.On allegations that RTE students were made to sit on the back-bench, clarifications have been sought from the officials.The report is said to have pointed out that the RTE students' names figured at the end of the attendance. But it noted the school's argument that they were admitted last.It has also observed that the RTE students were not given textbooks. The school replied that it had run out of stocks.\"Children not being given homework cannot be viewed as discrimination as teachers have been given the freedom to use their discretion in terms of the learning levels of the children. There are a lot of gaps to be filled. We cannot draw any conclusion till then,\" said Kumar G Naik, secretary, primary and secondary education.Nanidni Layout police, meanwhile, on Friday took the statement of the school founder, the headmistress and the teacher in whose class the hair-snipping happened.What school saysSpeaking to TOI, Oxford English School founder Ajit Prabhu gave a point-to-point rebuttal to the notings made by the official interim report on the issue.On hair-snipping: Two of the four students whose hair was cut were general merit students.On names appearing last in attendance register: They were admitted to the school in the third week of June and their names had to be added to the register.Making them sit on backbench: School follows a weekly rotation system and those sitting in last bench will come to the front when their turn comes.No textbooks: We ran out of stock and have placed fresh order for textbooks for RTE and general merit students.School reopensOxford English School reopened on Friday amid heavy police bandobust. High drama prevailed for a brief while in the morning as scores of demonstrators staged a dharna before the school. In an act of goodwill, school management head Ajith Prabhu tendered apology for all the disruption that had happened. \"Nothing that can be construed as discriminatory has been committed in our school Yet, if anyone has been hurt, I, as head of the institution, apologize for the same,\" he told the agitators.Twenty men were taken into preventive custody and released later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066483", "title": "Review Bt cotton, orders state govt", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is seriously considering switching from genetically modified (GM) cotton to more conventional cotton seeds. A plan to phase out and look for alternatives of Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt) cotton is being chalked out by leading state agricultural universities with the help of private companies.The government has, in fact, been cracking down on firms supplying sub-standard seeds and has been taking action against Mahyco Monsanto Biotech, which sub-licences the use of Bollgard I and II technologies to 28 Indian firms. The state agriculture department recently served a show-cause notice on Mahyco, asking why it should not be banned from supplying and distributing cotton seeds, as it was providing wrong information to the government. It led to speculation that the DF government began the process to ban Bt cotton. \"There has been a question mark on the use of Bt cotton in Maharashtra for long. I have directed a comprehensive review of Bt cotton. Experts will closely examine and critically reassess its use,\" agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil told ToI, adding that farmers will be better off using traditional varieties of cotton seeds.The use of Bt cotton has resulted in a stagnant yield as there is a question mark on whether the marginal land of Vidarbha land is suited for Bt cotton. It has led to the evolution of new pest and disease attacks, Patil said. The universities have been told to assess the BG-1 and BG-2 Bt seeds for resistance capabilities. against cotton bollworm species, Spotted Bollworm, American Bollworm and Spodoptera Litura. The two varieties are widely used in the state.\"We need a better variety of Bt cotton for rain-fed cotton immediately,\" state officials said. Since 2005, Bt is causing \"crop failure\", resulting in a loss of Rs2,000 crore annually. \"We welcome the decision but it is unlikely that it will be implemented,\" said Kishor Tiwari, founder, Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti. There is a demand for about 160 lakh packets annually in the 27 cotton-growing regions of Maharashtra; of this, the state this year supplied 155 lakh packets.A decade ago, Monsanto was allowed experimental cultivation of (bollworm-resistant) GM cotton on 10,000 hectares in the country. Several states allowed commercial cultivation trials in rain-fed cotton-growing regions, which led to an agrarian crisis of sorts with increased cost and stagnant yield. The black-marketing of seeds is also widespread in the state.Bt CountryIndia is the leading Bt cotton cultivating countryThe area under Bt cotton is 12.6 million hectares today, from 400,000 hectares a decade agoMaharashtra uses roughly 160 lakh packets of Bt cotton seed annually in the 27 cotton-growing regionsThe irrigation against potential in Vidarbha, where Bt cotton is widely used, is only approx 40%. The average in the rest of the state is 70%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumba", "code": "15076811", "title": "NCP unhappy over lack of coordination with Cong at Centre and in Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBA: NCP on Saturday said it would remain a partner in the ruling UPA coalition but flagged displeasure over its views not being considered in the government and \"lack of coordination\" with the Congress both at the Centre and in Maharashtra where they share power.The Sharad Pawar-led party, which had decided to pull out of the UPA government in protest against the way the party was being treated by Congress, said the functioning of the government has not been according to their expectation.\"We are in UPA and will continue to be a part of it in the future as an ally. Central government gets our support every time and will continue to get it in future,\" senior NCP leader Praful Patel told reporters at the airport here on his arrival from Delhi with the NCP supremo.Patel said NCP was of the view that a progressive and secular government should stay but lamented that his party's views were \"not considered\".\"The functioning of the government has not been according to our expectation. Our views are not considered,\" he said after a meeting Pawar had with top party leaders of Maharashtra including his nephew and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, state NCP chief Madhukar Pichad, home minister R R Patil and others.NCP, a stable ally of Congress for the last eight years, created a crisis of sorts for the government when Pawar, minister for agriculture, sent a communication to the Prime Minister expressing his decision to quit along with Patel, minister for heavy industry.Patel said the situation in Maharashtra, where it is part of the Congress-led ruling alliance, was \"no different\".\"Unfortunately, the functioning has been without coordination. The situation is same in Maharashtra,\" Patel said, adding party leaders from the state had told Pawar about this.\"We want the mechanism of coordination to be put back in place so that important issues are discussed and decisions taken. With this we can provide a good government. Our leaders here say that due to the lack of coordination decision-making has been affected,\" he said.Patel said, \"In Maharashtra, NCP is equal partner in government and coordination needed to be strengthened to improve governance.\"When asked to comment on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's statement last night that his equation with state NCP leaders was excellent, Patel said, \"Individuals were not discussed. We want effective coordination.\"While rejecting allegations of inadequate coordination between the two allies in Maharashtra, Chavan had yesterday said, \"Coordination Committee meetings have taken place.... If they are unhappy about specific decisions, they can discuss it with us.\"The NCP in Maharashtra is said to be irked by Chavan's decision to bring out a 'white paper' on irrigation projects. The irrigation department is headed by NCP's Sunil Tatkare.There have been allegations that the irrigated area has grown by a measly 0.1 per cent over a decade despite pumping in a whopping Rs 50,000 crore.NCP's PWD minister Bhujbal is also facing allegations of corruption in construction of Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi.A meeting of senior NCP leaders has been convened in Delhi on Monday where the party's future course of action will be decided and communicated to the Congress, Patel said apparently referring to the decision to pull out of the UPA government.He said NCP has, however, already conveyed to the Congress leadership that it will remain part of the UPA.Rejecting suggestions that Pawar was miffed at not being accorded the No. 2 status in the UPA government, Patel said, \"Even though we are a small party, UPA should take benefit of Pawar's stature and seniority.\"\"The NCP wants the UPA government and the coalition government in Maharashtra to do well and complete their full term,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15077003", "title": "Elderly tortured at police station in Bundi", "text": "JAIPUR: A 60-year old woman has approached senior administration officials alleging that she was tortured and kept confined in a barrack by some policemen at a police station in Bundi town. The district collector has ordered an enquiry into the incident.One Radhabai Bheel said in her complaint that she was a labourer and lives at a shelter home as her two sons and a daughter stay separated from her. \"She says that she was forcefully taken to Kotwali police station in Bundi by some policemen on July 10. They beat her up causing injuries to several parts of her body,\" said a district administration officer.Radhabai alleged in her complaint that she was not allowed to leave the police station for three days. \"The cops suspected her son of being involved in some theft case and wanted to know his whereabouts,\" said the officer.An enquiry has been ordered into the incident. \"Medical examination of the victim has been conducted. We are awaiting the report. If it is found that she was subjected to any torture, strict action will be taken against the policemen. A woman can be interrogated by only a lady policeman,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15074221", "title": "Flipkart raises minimum order value for free delivery", "text": "BANGALORE: India's largest online retailer Flipkart has increased its minimum order value to avail of free home delivery from Rs 200 to Rs 300 signalling the e-tailer's intent to end the price competitiveness it offered, especially in the books segment.The move comes at a time when the e-tailer, backed by Accel Partners and Tiger Global, is trying to prune its cash burn and improve margins even as it looks out for further funding. Flipkart, often compared with American online retail behemoth Amazon, started off selling books at dirt cheap prices but with the latest development, industry watchers say, the poster boy of Indian e-commerce is slowly moving away from its core customer base.Flipkart has in the last few months expanded its portfolio at an aggressive pace adding 16 new categories such as baby care, beauty, health care, mobile phones, electronic products and toys as it veers away from its dependency on selling books. In fact, competitors, including Infibeam, Homeshop18, Indiatimes shopping and Junglee, offer cheaper rates on books today without charging extra on shipping (see table).Flipkart, however, defended the move. \"This impacts less than 15% of our customers. However, it gives us much larger efficiencies in our supply chain and we will be to pass on more benefits to our customers after this change. The charge for shipping for orders below Rs 300 remains same as earlier at Rs 30,\" Ankit Nagori, VP, Retail at Flipkart, said in response to a query from TOI.Flipkart as well as other big online retailers have faced the heat from investors of late as follow-on funding has become difficult to come by. Venture capitalists who were actively chasing the e-commerce boom in India have turned cautious in the last six months demanding better bottom lines from players even as top lines grew handsomely.Kanwaljit Singh, managing director, Helion Venture Partners, which has invested in online retailers such as Yepme and Fashionara, said that since some products like books which are low-value do not enjoy big margins and after factoring the delivery/transportation charges retailers do not make anything of these products.\"Such a proposition is not sustainable for players. Therefore it is a positive move by Flipkart to increase the free delivery. It may have a short-term impact on their profitability and competitiveness, but in the long run it can become a standard for others in the industry to follow,'' he said.\"To me it's a healthy sign. All e-commerce businesses have to make margins on unit transactions for long-term hygiene,\" added Gautam Sinha, director (technology and e-commerce) at Indiatimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15067288", "title": "Lack of info on choice makes students suffer", "text": "BHOPAL: Imagine a situation where a student would not be allotted a seat in any engineering college in Madhya Pradesh despite several thousand of seats remaining vacant. This has been happening every year in the state because of lack of proper information among students at the time of filling choices for allotment of seats before the counselling.According to directorate of technical education, around 3,000 students were not allotted seats in 2011 even when 24,000 seats remained vacant in the year. The situation is expected to be the same this year also, sources in technical education department sources.Students who come from small districts face this problem more. In the absence of proper information, several students locked their choices to top institutes despite having low ranking in pre-engineering test (PET).\"I had no idea while filling the choice for the college allotment. I wanted to take admission in a prestigious institute. I locked the choice accordingly. However, I was not allotted any college,\" student from Betul, Prashant Mishra said who appeared last year in PET. \"This had happened because I had poor marks and did not realize that I won't get admission in the desired colleges.\" He added that he had to take admission in college level counselling.In several other states, students are informed about the complete process of counselling through various means, including websites, advertisements on radio, newspapers among others.\"I have not seen any such system in MP where information is propagated through various means about the process of choice filling. The concerned department should provide information to the students that they avoid filling preferences to top colleges if their marks in pre-engineering test are not good,\" Anshu Kumari from Harda district said.However, few students among such candidates took drop to prepare for next year. \"I took a drop last year and again appeared in the PET. I wanted a particular college last year. But, it was not allowed owing to my wrong preference. Hope, this year, I will get the seat in the desired college,\" Pratap Singh, a student from the neighbouring Sehore, said.When asked, a DTE official on the condition of anonymity said the department had provided opportunity this year to the students to change their choice. \"Another chance to fill the choice may help students avoid the situation of not getting any seat in engineering college. However, there is a need to make aware students for filling proper choices in colleges,\" he said.Director technical education did not respond despite several attempts to contact him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066858", "title": "Police cooked up my statements, says Jethava case witness", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A key witness in the murder of RTI activist Amit Jethava has alleged that two of the three police agencies, which probed the case, have put his statements on record without actually talking to him. The witness, Kanaksinh Parmar, has questioned the investigations and blamed the cops for shielding a BJP MP.Jethava was gunned down in front of the Gujarat high court on July 20, 2010. The matter is now sub-judice at the HC.Recently, investigations in this case were handed over to the superintendent of police, Surendranagar, Raghavendra Vats. Initially, the case was being probed by Sola police and then by city crime branch.Parmar, who was the first to record his statement in the case, has raised several questions on the intentions of the probe agencies. Parmar was a friend of Jethava. He now works in a government department as a translator. Immediately after Jethava's murder, he made a statement before the Sola police that BJP MP from Kodinar Dinu Solanki was behind the murder.After this, the two subsequent investigating agencies did not record Parmar's statements. However, in the case papers submitted to the HC there are three statements of Parmar - one by every probe agency. In the statements submitted by the last two investigating agencies, Parmar is shown to have stated that he does not know anything about the crime.Parmar claims: \"The police agencies are lying. They did not even contact me before putting these statements on record. I stand by my statement made before Sola police. The cops are falsifying my statements because they want to protect Dinu Solanki.\"\"I will put this matter before the HC. I am consulting my lawyer on the legal course of action,\" Parmar added.Parmar had recorded his first statement on July 28, 2010. He had given a 10-page statement to the Sola police, who were then probing the case. He had accused the MP and his nephew Shiva Solanki of being the masterminds of the murder. He was the first witness to name the accused in the case.Before Sola police could do much, the probe was handed over to the crime branch. The new investigators then arrested Shiva and four others for Jethva's murder. Dinu Solanki was given a clean chit by the investigating agency.Crime branch's contention that Dinu is innocent was challenged by Jethava's father Bhikhu Jethava in the HC. Then the court directed that the case should be investigated by a third, neutral agency. And, the investigation was handed over to Vats. However, the probe - while with crime branch and now with Vats - is still being supervised by the same IPS officer, additional director general of police, Mohan Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "greater noida/ghaziabad", "code": "15065431", "title": "Industry body writes to CM over attacks", "text": "GREATER NOIDA/GHAZIABAD: Plagued with repeated attacks on senior management officials by disgruntled employees as well as outsiders, the western UP industry body has written to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav seeking his intervention in controlling such attacks. Industrialists have warned that if the current scenario persists, then it may hurt prospects of investment in the state.The president of Association of Greater Noida Industries (AGNI), Aditya Ghildiyal, told TOI that attacks on the management had become common. HR officials are the most vulnerable as they are in charge of hiring and firing employees. The letter requests the UP chief minister to instill a sense of security among industries with the deployment of a dedicated police force. \"We have repeatedly asked the Meerut zone IG and police commissioner to hold a meeting with the industry body on a regular basis, but it appears they have no time for us. Ultimately, it will not only hamper the state's revenue but also of the country,\" Ghildiyal said.\"The first concern of foreign investors before setting up an industry is a safe and secure environment. No foreign company has set up a base in Greater Noida in the past 12 years due to deteriorating law and order,\" Ghildiyal said. \"Also, the government has failed to learn any lessons after the killing of the CEO of Italian company Graziano, L K Chaudhary,\" he added.Ghildiyal said after the Graziano incident, then UP DGP and chief secretary had visited Greater Noida and appointed circle officers for industries, but with time everything vanished. \"The attack on senior management officials is bound to sully India's image among overseas investors. The situation has repeatedly been brought to the attention of the authorities, both at central and state level, but without results,\" said Vipin Malhan of Noida Entrepreneurs' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15076666", "title": "Pawan Singh does a Singham", "text": "The action flick Rakhela Shaan Bhojpuriya Jawaan will have actor Pawan Singh getting in the shoes of an honest SP just like Ajay Devgan's role in Singham.But that's not where the association between the two ends. Even Pawan Singh's get up resembles Ajay's in Singham. Pawan too will be seen sporting handle bar moustache and packing extreme action punches like Ajay in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15065286", "title": "MLAs moot contract farming for Karkhana's sake", "text": "PORVORIM: MLAs speaking on cooperation demands, suggested the government start contract farming to bring uncultivated land under cultivation. Opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane said 12,273 ha of land lie uncultivated. \"I had suggested contract farming to the last government, but nothing happened. This government should start it immediately,\" he said.Pointing to the loss-making Sanjeevani Sahakari Karkhana , he said the state should provide mechanized harvesters and should immediately clear the subsidy on power fences to encourage sugarcane cultivation.Sanguem MLA Subhash Phal Desai said the government should start contract farming and should strengthen the cooperative movement.The state should keep a check on the Goa state cooperative bank so it is not \"finished\", which could lead to the death of Goa's cooperative sector, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15067029", "title": "Ex-gram pradhan killed in kids\u2019 dispute", "text": "VARANASI: Basantu Sonekar, a former gram pradhan, was killed while several others sustained serious injuries during a group clash over a minor dispute between children in Rampur village under Nonahara police station in Ghazipur district on Friday afternoon.According to reports, some children were playing 'kabaddi' in Rampur village when some of them quarreled. On seeing it their families reached there and after a heated exchange of words, they indulged in fighting. On getting information of the incident, Basantu reached there when some assailants from rival group attacked him with sticks and bricks. He died on the spot while the assailants fled from the scene. On receiving information, the police reached the incident site and sent the body for postmortem. The injured persons were rushed to local hospital. Police were investigating the matter after registering the case. The assailants were absconding.One killed: Chandi Yadav (58), a native of Rasoolgadh under Sarnath police station, was killed after coming under the wheels of a moving goods train near a railway crossing on Panchkroshi road under Sarnath police station on Friday morning. He died on the spot.Fake notes recovered: The Dildarnagar police on Thursday night succeeded in nabbing a miscreant with counterfeit currencies of Rs one lakh value.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15063282", "title": "Kazmi case: Cops get more time", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday allowed the plea of the Delhi police seeking an extension of the period for probe into the February 13 terror attack on an Israeli diplomat in the capital involving journalist Syed Mohammad Kazmi.\"Application filed by the Delhi Police is hereby allowed,\" said chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav said, extending the probe period from 90 to 180 days with effect from June 2, when the 90-day period had expired.The court also rejected Kazmi's bail plea saying \"the bail plea stands dismissed\" as the police plea for extension of probe period has been allowed.Meanwhile, sources said the court on Friday also issued Letters Rogatory to Georgia, Malaysia, Iran , Thailand and Israel to facilitate police probe into the case.Sources said a letter rogatory had also been sent to Israel to seek a formal statement of Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua Koren, the wife of Israeli defence attache Colonel Yossi Refaelov, who was attacked in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15065072", "title": "Oceanarium project back on track: Parrikar", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday told the state legislative assembly that the government will go ahead with the oceanarium project at Miramar, Panaji.Parrikar also disclosed that an idea is being considered to link the oceanarium project to a film festival theatre. \"This is only a concept and nothing has been finalized,\" he said.Parrikar made the statement in reply to a starred question by Valpoi Congress MLA Vishwajit Rane, who wanted to know the present status of the long-pending oceanarium project at Miramar.Parrikar said that the project was first mooted in 1997 and subsequently the land was allotted to a company. As the company was not interested in the project it was kept on hold.The original owner of the land was trying to sell the property. \"A complaint was filed and now things are back on track,\" Parrikar said. In reply to a request from Vishwajit Rane that the land not be diverted for any other purpose, Parrikar stressed that the government was going ahead with the oceanarium project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15076264", "title": "Film with Gautham is not a Vicky Donor remake: Madhura Sreedhar", "text": "Director Madhura Sreedhar has clarified that his next film, starring Brahmanandam's son Gautham, is not a remake of Bollywood comedy film Vicky Donor.Reacting to the rumors that he would be directing Gautham in the Telugu version of Bollywood film Vicky Donor, Sreedhar elucidated \"Gautham's film would be a youthful and romantic entertainer just like my earlier films 'Sneha Geetham' and 'Its my Love Story'. But I would direct Vicky Donor with another hero, for which I'm still preparing the script.\"Sreedhar further says that he has registered the title \"Dana Karna\" and likely to start the film next year. \"I've registered the title \"Dana Karna\" at the film chamber and the film is in the pre-production stage and I'll start it next year\", adjoins Sreedhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15068845", "title": "'Rebel colleagues' promotion cause of stir'", "text": "Mumbai: While some motormen cited their unhappiness with rules and working conditions as the reason for the strike on Friday, the cause for the agitation, in reality, was the likely appointment of two of their \"rebel\" colleagues as instructors. The motormen were upset that Ajay Bharatwal and Anil Kumar Dwivedi are likely to be appointed as instructor at Mahalaxmi training school. \"A total of 13 motormen passed the exams for the post but the management cleared the path for only Bharatwal and Dwivedi by putting good remarks in their confidential reports,\" said B C Sharma, a member of Western Railway Motormen Association (WRMA), which led the strike. \"The chances of the rest were scuttled by placing poor rema-rks.\" The motormen alleged that Bharatwal and Dwivedi were rewarded for not suppo-rting an agitation in the past. But other WRMA members argued that the cause for the strike was poor working conditions. \"WR has increased services and made trains 15-car by compromising safety. The recent collision near Andheri is a proof of how things work in WR,\" a member said. WRMA said motormen should be given a weekly off and the state of running rooms improved. The strike was called off after representatives of the union met divisional railway manager Sandeep Silar. A senior railway official said, \"We have not yielded to their demands but agreed to look into them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15067545", "title": "Tax evasion by Ambika Solvex may go beyond Rs 1000 cr", "text": "INDORE: Trouble is brewing for the Ratlam-based soybean oil major Ambika Solvex, as the banks are trying to recover the loan - now termed as NPA- it had sanctioned to the company. It is alleged that the company was provided loan to the tune of Rs 290 crore by a consortium of banks in violation of the norms. The income tax that raided the company is hoping the tax evasion by the company would exceed Rs 1000 crore.The six bank consortium, that provided the loan to the company was led by State Bank of India and include Central Bank of India , Dena Bank, Corporation Bank, Punjab National Bank and UCO Bank . A senior official of SBI , told TOI, requesting anonymity, \"We are trying to see if the loan given to the company, which has now turned as NPA, can be recovered.\"Abhishek Gupta, an RTI activist, said, \"I had already warned the banks not to lend to the company\".The industry has also raised fingers over the way a special package was provided to the company, owned by Kailash C Garg, by the state government, which was planning an IPO to garner Rs 500 crore from the general public. The company was in the news after a recent raid for tax evasion by the income tax authorities. Money laundering to the tune of Rs 600 crore and evasion of state taxes like entry tax (1%), VAT (5% on oil portion) and mandi fee (2.2%) have also been alleged against the company.The income tax department had recently raided the premises of the Ratlam-based soybean oil major Ambika Solvex and investigations are on in connection with declaration of undisclosed amount.An eight-volume report against the company is being prepared by the commissioner of income tax (Ujjain), said a source with the I-T department. Six other companies under the Ambika Solvex that are under the scanner of the I-T department include Narayan Trading Company, Narayan Niryat, Ramkrishna Solvex, Daulatwala Exim, Vardhman Solvent Industries and Avalanche Realty.O P Goel, an industrialist, told TOI, \"I along with Garg had bought the Ramkrishna Solvex plant in 2007 on 50:50 partnership. Then we entered into an MoU to purchase Marvel Agrex, the owner of Ramakrishna Solvex, which had once been referred to BIFR. But, Garg increased his stake from 50% to 99.5% and threw me out\". This he had allegedly done on the basis of forged documents, industry sources alleged.In the year 2011, Ramkrishna Solvex, had applied to the committee headed by the chief secretary, Govt of MP, for fiscal concessions worth Rs 40 crore. However, while the plea was made the factory was not owned by Garg and an active litigation was going on in three different courts.According to Harsha Maheshwari, the owner of Marvel Agrex, \"From registration to winding up a company declared to be sick in terms of the provisions of SICA the BIFR alone has the jurisdiction but in this case it was winded up by an order of the Companies Act\".Meanwhile, in a letter to banking lokpal of MP, Vikas Tankhe, who is associated with the industry, has written that \"An immediate action needs to be initiated so that no further damage can be caused to the public sector banks by the company\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15063522", "title": "It's been a learning curve for Sarfaraz Khan", "text": "MUMBAI: One fine November morning in 2009, 12-year-old Sarfaraz Khan stepped out as usual for his team, Bandra's Springfield High School, for a Harris Shield encounter against Indian Education Society (Kandivili) at Cross Maidan's MB Union ground. It was a given that the Bandra outfit would win, but the fact that Sarfaraz would hammer a stupendous 439, which would eventually turn out to be a world record, was the novelty element.From that day of 2009 till date, Sarfaraz has been steadily adding feathers to his hat. Now 15, Sarfaraz has just returned after a successful 25-day stint in England, and was the most promising of the three students picked up for a training-cum-playing trip to England. The trip was part of a joint venture between Coca Cola and Procam International, which conducted the Coca Cola Cricket Cup U-16 tournament.\"I spoke well, didn't I?\" asked Sarfaraz eagerly. \"Actually, after I scored that world record quadruple hundred, I gave so many interviews that I got a hang of talking to the media.\" He spoke well and hence did most of the talking, with his other two mates - Baroda's Akshay Brahmbhatt and Delhi boy Nitin Tanwar - occasionally butting in with an \"Oh, it was a very good trip\" and \"We got to learn a lot\" lines at Friday's event, during which the second edition of the U-16 tournament was also announced.In England, Sarfaraz had the opportunity of playing alongside senior boys, while Brahmbhatt and Tanwar mostly played school cricket. So, while the Baroda and Delhi youngsters were still coming to grips with their exposure trip, for Sarfaraz it was more of an extension to what he was already doing in Mumbai - playing with boys far superior than him in terms of age and competition. Sarfaraz has played the Times Shield tournament and all major city tournaments, performances in which count for Ranji selection.\"Playing with boys bigger than my age is nothing new for me. The novelty factors were the conditions, the way the wickets behaved, the manner in which they adapted and changed their game according to situations,\" added Sarfaraz.Cricket-wise, Sarfaraz said he is learning everyday, with every match, every innings. \"But equally important is the way you conduct yourself on and off the field. Next time when I speak to the media, I will ensure I will speak good English. Game ke saath knowledge bhi important hai na?\" he asks. He's come of age quite fast, it seems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15068908", "title": "Afraid of flunking test, teachers seek grace marks", "text": "CHENNAI: Candidates who took the Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) have kicked up such a fuss about the exam being difficult that the state government plans to give 5-10% additional marks to those who fall short of the required 60%.Officials said a final decision would be taken after the TET evaluation is completed.About 6.5 lakh aspirants, many of whom are already teachers, appeared for the exam, held for the first time on July 12. There are 25,000 vacant teachers' posts in government schools in Tamil Nadu and only candidates who have cleared the TET, conducted by the Teachers Recruitment Board, qualify for these posts.Candidates employed in private or government schools will not be eligible to continue as teachers if they fail to clear the test within two years.Following the protests against the TET, the government has decided to conduct the test again in December to give a second chance to those who fail to make the cut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15068036", "title": "Council vetoes against giving extension to failed students", "text": "Mysore: The University of Mysore students will have to complete their courses within a stipulated time frame. In case of failure, they will be ineligible to receive their degrees.The varsity, which had allowed failed students for six additional attempts to clear their exams, on Friday decided against giving any further extension. The Academic Council, an apex body of the varsity in matters relating to academic issues, decided against granting any extension to students who have not cleared their exams. The move comes after the Council had decided to award six additional attempts to students, with a rider stating that it is the last chance, in November 2008.There are over 40 students who have not completed their degree courses in the last six years. The varsity is following \"double the duration\" norm for the completion of courses.The students had sought the intervention of the varsity seeking them to award additional time. MLC Marithibbegowda and K Sumithra Bai had earlier raised the issue at a Syndicate meeting on May 8 asking the varsity to give them time to complete the courses. However in a rare move, the Academic Council vetoed it.Registrar (evaluation) B Ramu too objected and argued that such students are not serious with their studies. Vice-Chancellor V G Talawar said he is approached by students, who have failed, and seek his intervention. \"Often their parents come to us too. I'm in a fix, \" he stated. A member said there are other options open for such students. They can opt for distance education mode and receive degrees, he suggested arguing against awarding additional attempts. Even the examination section is facing problems as they have to set different sets of question papers for only a small bunch of students .Meanwhile, the Council did not approve of the varsity's move to place before it a proposal to allow post graduates in Public Administration to teach political science. The issue is yet to be decided by the Karnataka State Higher Education Council. Pointing at it, the members said the Academic Council said they will discuss it once the Council makes a decision. The V-C said he moved it before the house since it has split students studying Public Administration and Political Science in the middle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15072078", "title": "Residential property sales take a dip after a recent high", "text": "MANGALORE: There is a slump in the residential property sales in the city. They have declined across all segments in the Mangalore market by about 10% to 25%, after seeing a high in the recent past.According to city corporation town planning office, 66 plus two storey projects have been launched since the beginning of the year till July indicating that the demand for residential property was good. But June-July month has seen a serious dip in the bookings. The slump is seen due to reluctance of non-resident Indians, who account for 55%-60% of the demand, to invest in the properties here.PMA Razak, president, Mangalore Chapter of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India ( CREDAI), told TOI that there is a dip of about 10% in mid and affordable segment category apartments and it goes up to 25% in the luxury segment.Inland Infrastructure Developers MD Siraj Ahmed says during his recent trip to Dubai, he has seen investor confidence in Mangalore falling. People in the Gulf are insecure and they want to invest in instruments which give are totally secure and give more return than on real estate or residential properties. NRIs investing here are not seeing much appreciation in their investments. Nevertheless, NRIs who want a home do invest here, but those who want a assured and safe returns see bank deposits or other instruments of high return as a safe bet,'' he added.He also adds: In Mangalore, if an investor wants to sell a property they don't get premium easily. Whereas in Bangalore, though the same situation prevails, because of the vastness of the market, one will get a premium after a wait. I'm doing many projects in Bangalore and though market is difficult, I feel comfortable. Here where are the people? In the recent past no big industries with employment potential have come up in the recent past and that's telling.''Property Infratech India Private Limited, MD, Rohan Monteiro says that when supply outstrips demand there is bound to be a problem. It also depends on the project location. My Bellisma project on Kadri Main Road is 90% sold in a few months after the launch. The same project would not have attracted even 10% if it was elsewhere,'' he says. Dheeraj Amin of Northern Sky Properties admits value for money properties and location play an important role in investment flow. Properties in convenient locations in mid and affordable segment have faced no problem, but properties in excess of Rs 4,000 per sq ft have not been attracting customers as much from past couple of months,'' he said.Sources said also adding to the woes is the rates for properties in the city range from Rs 4,000 to Rs 4,500 per sq ft and in the outskirts it is Rs 2,700 to Rs 3,500 per sq ft, which is now being considered a prohibitive for a tier II city like Mangalore. Moreover, as some projects have long gestation period and NRIs do not want their money to be locked up in uncertain environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073335", "title": "Choopkatha's music launch", "text": "Celebs dropped by at the music launch of \"Choopkatha\", directed by Shouvick and Dipankar, at a city club and rubbed shoulders with the music fraternity.While Rakjumar and the film's music composer, Silajit, bonded over a common theme, music, Dibyendu Barua and Devang Gandhi upped the ante from the sports world. We spotted Bhaswar, Aparajita and Raatri having a good adda session at the do.Said Silajit, who has acted in the film too, \"I'm pretty mad because they did not let me sing in the film!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15076600", "title": "Seema Singh makes a cross over", "text": "Bhojpuri item queen Seema Singh has just expanded her repertoire. The sexy lass is now also the item queen of Marathi films.The actress who has already done item numbers in Marathi flicks Bhole Shakar, Swapan Tujha Majha, baap Manus and Eka Laganachi has at least 5 more Marathi films lined up for release. Among the ones in pipeline Swaraga Ya Viza and Yarpat Gaaon are the most awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15066836", "title": "Baroda Cricket Association wants cricket ground of its own", "text": "VADODARA: Baroda Cricket Association (BCA) is making grand plans to celebrate 75 years of its existence from September this year. However, the association that has produced some of the finest international cricketers over last seven decades still doesn't have its own cricket ground. BCA doesn't own a single ground either in the city or district areas that come under its jurisdiction. Though late, the management seems to have woken up from the deep slumber. The association has now started looking for open plots where it can prepare new cricket grounds.BCA vice-president Samarjitsinh Gaekwad has asked the managing committee members and office-bearers to start looking for grounds. \"If we want to promote cricket and provide more facilities, we need cricket grounds. BCA has to have its own cricket grounds that can be developed in future. And, I have asked BCA's managing committee members to start looking for suitable land,\" Gaekwad said.\"We have lot of talent in the district areas and to tap it we need grounds,\" Gaekwad added. Till date, the association has been hosting most of the first-class matches at Motibaug Ground that is owned by the royal Gaekwad family. The ground was made by Sayajirao Gaekwad III in 1930s for his sons. It has also hosted some international matches. BCA also hires cricket grounds of GSFC, Reliance and M S University to host first class matches.And, all the international matches are now held at Reliance Stadium. The BCA had been planning to construct its own stadium for last few years. It is the only association in the state that doesn't own a cricket stadium. The association recently announced that it has bought land on Jarod Road for constructing a state-of-the art stadium with modern facilities. \"However, to develop the game and attract talented players, BCA needs to have more grounds in all corners of the city. There are many able young players in districts like Mehsana and Navsari that come under BCA, but we need to provide good facilities for tapping the talent,\" said a BCA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066063", "title": "Ajit Pawar fires yet another salvo at Chief minister", "text": "MUMBAI: While Sharad Pawar blazed away at Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in Delhi, nearer home, his nephew and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar obliquely targeted chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for gross under-utilization of funds by the urban development department (UDD).The question raised in the assembly by leader of the opposition Vinod Tawde on utilization of funds was not linked to the UDD that's held by the CM. But while replying to the question, Pawar mentioned that against a provision of Rs 4,109 crore for the UDD, it had utilized only Rs 2,227 crore.A senior Congress minister expressed surprised over Pawar's reference to the UDD, saying that recent political developments in the state and at the Centre clearly showed that the Congress and NCP were at loggerheads. \"All is not well with the alliance. The Congress and NCP are targeting each other for obvious political reasons,'' he said.The deputy CM said that against the plan size of Rs 42,000 crore for 2011-12, the state government utilized Rs 33,126 crore (Rs 8,874 crore unutilized). He contended that many centrally sponsored schemes were not completed due to delays by the Centre or inability of the state government to provide a matching grant. The state governme-nt sometimes makes a financial provision for a centrally-sponsored scheme, but when the Centre fails to release funds, the state governm-ent's provision remains unutilized.A senior NCP minister claimed that public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal and irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare were being targeted by the Congress. \"Chavan had promised to inaugurate New Delhi's Maharashtra Sadan, but at the last moment he refused to attend the event, claiming there was no occupancy certificate. Chavan was targeting his NCP colleagues,'' he said, adding, that it was known in political circles that the CM was against the project as there was large-scale \"corruption\".The NCP minister said Chavan was responsible for the row over a white paper on irrigation projects-vis-a-vis rampant corruption in the NCP-controlled irrigation department. He said they also felt that the row over Lavasa and dissolution of the NCP-controlled Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank were handled ineptly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15072278", "title": "Sharad Pawar to head EGoM on drought related issues", "text": "NEW DELHI: Agriculture minister Sharad Pawar will head the Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) on the effective management of issues related to drought.The EGoM, constituted by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in April 2012, was earlier headed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee who resigned to contest the Presidential poll.\"Sharad Pawar will now head the EGoM on drought related issues,\" a source said.The EGoM is authorised to review the situation and take \"quick and timely decisions\" on policy and other matters for effective management of drought and related issues.Home minister P Chidambaram, power minister Sushilkumar Shinde, petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy, urban development minister Kamal Nath, water resources minister Pawan Kumar Bansal are also part of the EGoM.The other members include rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, Railway minister Mukul Roy, Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Food minister K V Thomas.Finance Ministry will now be represented by Minister of State for Finance Namo Narain Meena.Monsoon rains, the life line of Indian agriculture, have been deficient by 22 per cent so far this year across the country and the situation is worrisome in Karnataka and central Maharashtra.Deficient rains have affected the sowing of major kharif (summer) crops like rice, cotton, coarse cereals, oilseeds and pulses.India had faced a severe drought in 2009 which led to decline of foodgrains production by 16 million tonnes to 218 million tonnes.On the back of good monsoon, the country had produced a record 257.44 million tonnes of foodgrains in the 2011-12 crop year (July-June) with an all-time high production of wheat and rice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15073558", "title": "Infosys, UBM TechWeb unveils CloudEcosystem", "text": "BANGALORE: Infosys has unveiled a worldwide community for enterprise leaders to accelerate the use of cloud computing in collaboration with UBM TechWeb.Bringing together thought leaders from cloud, application, and service providers, along with experts from enterprises, this site -- cloudecosystem.com -- offers a forum to facilitate discussions around industry issues and share best-practices for cloud adoption, city-based Infosys said.\"A forum like cloudecosystem.com, rich with insights-on- demand, is our endeavour to demystify what it takes for businesses to build their cloud-enabled enterprises of tomorrow,\" said Vishnu Bhat, Vice-President and Global Head (Cloud) at Infosys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15067663", "title": "No high hopes from Rahul Gandhi", "text": "PATNA: AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi, who turned 42 recently, has been the poster boy of the Congress. Finally, he announced on Thursday that he would play a 'proactive' role in public life, though left short of defining it.Is the aam admi, who has seen him for quite some time, still interested in him? While many feel the youth leader's night halts at village huts haven't taught him much, others think it is already late for him to take up bigger responsibilities.Shaibal Gupta, member-secretary of Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI), feels, \"Rahul Gandhi depends on the goodwill of his family subsidy. If he intends to do anything substantial, he has to come out of it.\" He added, \"He needs to work much more at the grass root level to have a first-hand understanding of the issues.\"Raghunandan Sharma, professor of sociology, Patna University, rues the lack of leadership qualities in him. \"I have hardly seen even an iota of leadership in him till now. Moreover, what purpose will it serve to bring him to the centre stage when politicians and ministers much senior to him are unable to fix the problems facing the country. This shows the Congress is totally bereft of an able leadership.\"Atul Aditya Pandey, principal, College of Arts and Crafts, adds, \"Rahul symbolizes the energy of youth and should come forward to shoulder a bigger responsibility. However, he has to be a statesman and much matured. He showed certain determination in the UP assembly elections. If he wasn't successful in a state, how could he think of succeeding at the central level.\"\"I am also among those who had viewed Rahul's entry into politics as a ray of hope, but considering the kind of lame stands he has taken on the past few important occasions, I don't expect much from him. Though not officially declared, the world knew he was not just on the periphery of UPA decision- making process, but an inherent part of it. So, even if he assumes a more proactive role in defined terms now, why should I expect much from him,\" said Amita, a student hailing from Gaya who has completed higher studies from Delhi University .Abhishek Sinha, who hails from Bihar and now works in a PSU feels, \"If Rahul Gandhi is taking a bigger responsibility at the behest of others, and it is not his own call, then it's not the sign of a true leader.\"\"Rahul Gandhi represents our aspirations. He is one of the few politicians of his tribe from whom I have some hopes. If he too fails to deliver, then it would be really disappointing for people like me,\" said Mahima, a student of Patna UniversityDr Diwakar Tejaswi said, \"Youth still admire him. So if he wants to survive in the mind of youngsters, he would have to do clean, casteless, merit-based politics which the youngsters like. He also needs to change his battery of advisers.\"Maya Sinha, president, Bihar Council of Women, feels it was a bit laughable on Gandhi's part to make such pronouncements \"Why does one need to announce this? she asked. She added so far as women's issues are concerned, he hasn't spelt out his work plan.Usha Jha, secretary, Bihar Mahila Udyog, said, \"He is an emotional person and I think, if given an opportunity, he will not disappoint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066505", "title": "Bill to recover premium for redevelopment, transfer of leased lands gets nod", "text": "Mumbai: The state legislative assembly on Friday approved a bill permitting the state to impose a levy on sale, transfer and redevelopment of leased lands. An amendment was introduced in the Maharashtra Land Revenue Code (MLRC), 1966, allowing the government to recover \"premium, charge or share of unearned income\" on \"Sale, transfer, redevelopment, use of additional FSI, TDR and change of use of government land\" leased for various purposes.While the bill was initially tabled for such lands in Amravati and Nagpur, it was applied to the entire state following amendments suggested by opposition benches during discussion. It will also be applicable to \"nazul lands\" leased for non-agriculture purposes before reorganization of the state. The government has argued that large number of government and nazul lands were leased for residential and various other purposes. A 2008 court order had ruled that the existing MLR provisions do not permit the revenue department to impose any new conditions or modify conditions during the subsistence or renewal of lease. The revenue department, which moved the bill, has however argued that the state legislature had powers to enact law empowering the government to impose conditions for \"premium, charge or share of unearned income\".It was however decided not to apply the new provisions in retrospective effect. A senior revenue department officials said that there will be no additional burden as the department had begun collected \"premium, charge or share of unearned income\" subject to the bill's approval. The assembly also approved another bill for amendment to Bombay Village Panchayats Act, 1958 to strengthen functioning of village panchayats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15067855", "title": "Tamil Nadu: Mixed response to move on retirement age of VCs", "text": "CHENNAI: The raising of the retirement age of vice-chancellors of nine state universities from 65 years to 70, made earlier this week through the Tamil Nadu Universities Laws (Amendments) Ordinance 2010, has evoked mixed reactions from academics.Many say universities are likely to benefit from the age and experience of seasoned academics. \"Many academics who are over 65 are still healthy and mentally sound. There is no reason why universities should not gain from their experience,\" said former Anna University vice-chancellor and Planning Commission member E Balaguruswamy.Now when people touch 62 years there is hesitation to appoint them as VCs as they will retire before their tenure is over. This will avoid such situations, academics felt. The government's move has ensured that the retirement age of vice-chancellors of Bharathiar University, Bharathidasan University, Mother Teresa Women's University, Alagappa University, Manonmaniam Sundaranar University, Periyar University, Tamil Nadu Open University, Thiruvalluvar University and Tamil Nadu Teachers Education University is now on a par with central universities. There is no age limit for retirement for vice-chancellors of the University of Madras and Madurai Kamaraj University.Academics said care should be taken to ensure that this would not be a licence for people with questionable credentials to continue in the top post through political influence or by paying a bribe. \"Great care should be taken while choosing the right candidate, otherwise age is immaterial and will only be an undoing,\" Balaguruswamy said.Former University of Madras vice-chancellor S P Thiagarajan said, \"The search committee that shortlists the list of candidates applying for the post of vice-chancellor is as important as the regulations for appointment of vice-chancellor itself.\" So far, no attempt has been made to draw up guidelines to nominate members of a vice-chancellor search committee.Professor Thiagarajan added that in addition to accepting the age eligibility prescribed by the UGC 2010 regulations, the state should also accept the other eligibility criteria, including academic and administrative experience, suggested by the UGC. Some of the VCs appointed recently do not meet these requirements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15073594", "title": "Cyber thieves to target mobile apps in future", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a recent case reported in Ahmedabad, a company that developed applications was struck by data thieves - who were, in fact, the company's former employees. A group of four employees had suddenly quit one day, citing different reasons. A month later, the owner of the company discovered the theft when he noticed that an application developed by his firm was on sale with a different name and logo. Investigations revealed that the employees had stolen the data while leaving the company and had manipulated it.According to experts, the theft exemplifies the future of cyber crime, in which mobile phone applications and new additions to technology - such as cloud computing - will be targeted by hackers. However, impersonation, data theft, espionage and phishing will remain prevalent in ever-changing forms. These were some of the insights presented by experts who gathered at a workshop organised by DSCI and GFSU in Gandhinagar on Friday.Dr J M Vyas, director general of GFSU, said in his speech that cyber security had now become a basic necessity for everyone using internet and computers. He said that investigators as well as the public needed to become aware of cyber security's significance. \"We hear about cyber attacks now and then, and the day is not far off when wars will be fought on cyber frontiers,\" he said.Vinayak Godse, director of data protection, DSCI, told that the worrisome part about cyber crime was that it could not only affect individual computers but could also cripple a defence system or even the economy. \"Thus, more and more strategic installations are going off the grid or developing their own networks to be safe from hackers,\" he said.Experts emphasised that the Android operating system for mobile phones was vulnerable to such assaults. \"Applications for this platform can be made by anybody and put up online,\" said an IT security expert. \"While this is a boon for users, it can become a potential threat as a malware can steal crucial data when a user surfs internet from his tablet or mobile device. We thus advise users not to download any unidentified applications directly from websites.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15067345", "title": "\u2018School chalo abhiyan\u2019 fails to gain momentum", "text": "KANPUR: 'School chalo abhiyan' aimed to increase enrolment of children between 6 and 14 years in the government primary and upper primary schools started from the ongoing academic session, It is struggling to gain momentum. TOI did a reality check which revealed that majority of schools failed in getting satisfactory number of new enrolments even being surrounded by slum areas.The primary schools in the district were open from July 8 and with the end of this week, 'School chalo abhiyan' completed two weeks.Under this scheme, the teachers of basic and upper primary schools were directed to go for a door-to-door survey. They had to convince the parents in the slums and other areas of the schools to send their wards to schools.The city has approximately eight lakh children in the age group of 6 to 14 years and eligible for free and compulsory education under Right to Education (RTE) Act. As per the current status of enrolments in primary and upper primary schools, not even 40% of this populations are getting education.A visit to Ganesh Nagar Prathmik Vidyalaya revealed that only 18 new enrolment were made here from classes I to V. The number of already enrolled students is 22, which is also very low. This school is surrounded by slums like Anand Nagar, Krishna Nagar, northern parts of Ramlall area and others.Three primary schools are located in the vicinity of Shastri Nagar slum, Kachchi Madhaiyya, Kumhar Basti and many more.In all the three primary schools in Shastri Nagar, total new enrolments done are mere 50 in comparison to a large number of kids residing in the nearby slums.A teacher at Shastri Nagar Kanya Vidyalaya said that 20 new admissions were made in the school in past 14 days. The total strength of the school had reached to 56. At the other two primary schools, the number of new enrolments were 12 and 17.The number of new enrolments in many other primary schools which are surrounded by slums is also low. As per the information provided by a teacher in Baduapur Parishadiya Vidyalaya, 16 new admissions were made in all classes (I to V). The number of new admissions in Kanya Prathmik Vidyalaya, Rawatpur, was 14. The new enrolments in Panki Housing primary schools was reported to be 16.The attendance of already enrolled students made a mockery of the scheme. The number of students present in the schools was not even 50% of the enrolled ones.Basic shiksha adhikari Raj Kumar said monitoring had not been started. \"I will conduct a meeting on Monday to know the status of new admissions in schools. If the admissions and attendance are found low, more efforts would be made. As part of the strategy, emphasis would be laid on more interactive sessions for bridging the communication gap between teachers and students and their parents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15066070", "title": "Court asks ASI to take over site, look into claim", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday stayed any further construction at the disputed Mughal-era site and handed it over to Archaeological Survey of India (ASI).A full bench of the HC headed by acting Chief Justice A K Sikri took cognizance of the incident after senior advocate Aman Lekhi sought the HC's intervention and highlighted how the area MLA Shoaib Iqbal is \"illegally constructing a mosque on government land\".While asking the corporation to immediately cordon off the area and hand it over to the ASI, HC asked the latter to verify if there were any remains of a Mughal-era structure at the site. The North Delhi Municipal Corporation had on Thursday refused to grant permission for carrying out any religious activity at the spot, where the ruins of Mughal-era Akbarabadi mosque are believed to have been discovered earlier this month during Delhi Metro work.\"There should not be further construction on the site. The corporation shall cordon off the area by setting up barriers and police is also directed to render help to the agency,\" said the bench, also comprising Justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Rajiv Shakdher.\"We are of the opinion that it is the ASI which is to take over possession of the site and start investigation on whether there were any archaeological remains of any Mughal-era structure existing on the site,\" the court said, also asking the Delhi chief minister to deal with the issue expeditiously. HC said the government must hold a high-level meeting of senior officers from various departments, including ASI, North corporation, and DUAC.Directing the corporationto file a status report regarding the Jama Masjid re-devlopment plan, the bench posted the matter for July 25. Earlier, Lekhi expressed ourtrage before HC, blaming cops and the agency for failing to prevent the illegal construction, adding \"they failed to take action against the legislator who has taken the law into his hands.\"Standing counsel for the corporation Ajay Arora accused the police of being mute spectators and pleaded helplessness in cordoning off the area unless the cops give full protection. Arora claimed the police have not taken any action despite being present at the site, making it impossible for the civic agency to take possession of the site. The lawyer told the bench that the land was initially given to DMRC for construction of a Metro station, but DMRC gave the possession back to the civic agency. No boundary wall, however, was built so far on the site.HC also took note of the letters written by the area MLA in which he had requested the ASI to take possession of the disputed site and reconstruct the \"Akbarabadi mosque\" in its original form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072246", "title": "Mugamoodi 2 lined up", "text": "The first part of Mugamoodi is yet to hit screens but there's already plans for a sequel. \"There will surely be part 2, 3, 4 etc, of this film and I already have the script in mind. Jiiva will be a part of it,\" director Mysskin revealed recently. it is said that the filmmaker, who has done films like Anjaathe and Yuddham Sei, is highly impressed with his lead actor. So much so that he plans to cast in him in the sequels as well.The director seems mighty pleased with the results of the efforts of the team behind the superhero film and is all praise for its hero Jiiva and his dedication. The costume that the lead actor had to wear for the flick was one that generated a lot of heat within minutes. However, Jiiva went ahead and shot with a lot of dedication despite that, say sources.The production side is also gearing up for it soon. G Dhananjayan of UTV has stated, \"In 2013 we will be making the sequel to Mugamoodi and Jiiva and the rest of the crew will be a part of it.\" Apart from Mugamoodi , Jiiva also has Neethane En Ponvasantham on the cards for release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15067359", "title": "Cong to continue its fight against corruption: Ajay Singh", "text": "Bhopal: Even as the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh hinted at a climb down and the possibility of restoring the assembly membership of two sacked Congress legislators, 63 Congress legislators on Friday handed over their resignation letters from the assembly to AICC general secretary incharge of MPB K Hariprasad. He will take a decision about them after consultating the party high command.\"The government seems to have realized its mistake in terminating the membership of the two Congress MLAs without giving them an opportunity to explain their position. It appears to be in a repentance mode now. There is no question of Congress legislators apologizing to get assembly membership restored\", leader of the opposition Ajay Singh told newsmen at the state party office here.\"All Congress MLAs have decided to resign en masse and have handed over their resignation letters to AICC general secretary B K Hariprasad. Now it's for the high command to take a decision\", he said adding that in any case the Congress' fight over corruption would continue.Asked about industry minister Kailash Vijayvargiya's statement that membership termination of Congress legislators Choudhary Rakesh Singh Chaturvedi and Kalpana Parulekar could be revoked, the leader of the opposition said his party had submitted a letter to assembly speaker Ishwardas Rohani and chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan informing that principal of natural justice was not followed while taking action against the legislators.Singh said it was up to the state government to examine the legal aspects pertaining to revoking the membership of both the Congress legislators. \"Even if it is done, the Congress would continue to raise the issue of corruption, including the situation arising out of the Income tax raids on two businessmen, who were considered close to the BJP leaders\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066735", "title": "Encounters STF chief meets investigators, top cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief of Supreme Court-appointed Special Task Force, retired justice H S Bedi, on Thursday met top cops probing various police encounter deaths in Gujarat and advised them to conduct free and fair investigations.The SC-appointed STF is probing 16 encounter killings by Gujarat police. Bedi was on a two-day Gujarat visit which began on Wednesday.On Wednesday, Bedi case held a joint meeting with investigators and police officers who are part of the STF. During the meeting, investigators and supervisory officers presented Bedi their progress report and made a presentation on the cases now being probed.On Thursday, Bedi met the high-level team monitoring the STF's progress. He briefed the additional chief secretary (Home), Director General of Police and other senior officers who are keeping a close watch on the investigations of STF.Bedi informed them about case progress and also issued a public notification. \"The notification is meant for kin of the people killed in these encounters. The notice is specially meant for those who had gone to receive the bodies of victims. Through the notification we want to urge these people to come forth and meet with STF officials if they want to say something about the encounters,\" said an STF member.Among the first cases to be taken up by STF officials is an encounter by Borsad police which killed a historysheeter, Rajendra alias Mintu Pandey, on April 6, 2005.STF officials said: \"Rajendra hailed from Bihar and in 2005 he was active in central Gujarat. He was behind several incidents of armed robbery and extortion. On March 28, 2005, Borsad police arrested him and he was in police remand when the incident took place.\"STF sources said, of the 16 cases, most encounters concerned people from outside the state and their family members had yet not filed complaints in this regard. STF officials said that the relatives of those killed in encounters would also be summoned to see if they had something to say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15064727", "title": "Residents, tuition class owners in a tiff", "text": "NAGPUR: Unhappy with the alleged nuisance caused by a private coaching class in their locality, and after failing to draw attention of the police and the civic administration towards this, a group of senior citizens from Old Subhedar Layout extension is planning to take the legal route to find solution to the problem.The senior citizens, mostly retired government employees, have earlier complained to different authorities, including Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) and city police, to no avail. They are now planning to drag the agencies concerned to the court along with the tuition class management.Such issues between tuition class management and local residents have cropped up in other areas too. Sources claimed localities like Bajaj Nagar, Zenda chowk in Dharampeth, Krida chowk, Great Nag Road. Wanjari Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, Rana Pratap Nagar and others are witness to regular fracas between tuition class management and local citizens, wrong parking and noisy students being the bone of contention.A resident of Old Subhedar Layout extension, Pralhad Gawande, said, \"The tuition class students park their vehicles in a haphazard manner, blocking the lanes and occupying the footpaths. Our peaceful locality becomes unbearably noisy. Gawande's wife Pushpa, who is a teacher, said, \"It is affecting studies of my family members.\"Another resident Purushottam Shendre, said boys and girls sit/stand in road corners in objectionable manner. We do not even know whether the tuition classes have permission to run classes in residential locality.\"Jayant Ganvir, managing director of Pyramid Tutorials, a tuition class in question, said, \"We are a registered private limited company. We have made the classes sound proof as far as possible and also use dark films on the window glasses. On the contrary, it is the residents who play loud music disturbing our students.\"MLC Nago Ganar said, \"Teachers in service cannot take tuitions. They can only provide guidance to five students with proper permission. Most of the tuition classes do not even have bathrooms or parking facilities.There is no provision of licences and permission, so the tuition classes are taking advantage of it.\"According to additional public prosecutor Vijay Kolhe, tuition classes can be sued for disturbing public peace. Government pleader, Nitin Sambre said statutes like Maharashtra Employees of Private School Act and Secondary School code are there to regulate tuition classes but whether it is a commercial activity has to be interpreted by debating with due provision of law. \"I feel commercial activities should not be permitted in residential areas because they can cause inconvenience to public,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072208", "title": "OKOK celebrates 100 days at the BO", "text": "Director Rajesh's Oru Kal Oru Kannadi, starring Udhayanidhi Stalin, Hansika and Santhanam in the lead, has successfully completed 100 days at the BO. The producers of the film released a poster to thank all the artists and crew members for the effort they put in this film.The film marked the debut of producer Udhayanidhi as the hero. Though the film had a very simple storyline, the humorous treatment, coupled with Santhanam and Udhay's 'chemistry' worked in favour of the film.Rajesh had earlier told us, \"There's no earth-shattering message in the film. It's a simple story, which will appeal to the audience.\"The film's music, tuned by Harris Jayaraj, has also come in for much praise.Now, while Rajesh is working on All In All Azhagu Raja with Karthi, Udhay is busy producing several ventures and listening to scripts for his next film. However, the two have promised to join hands together soon!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15066127", "title": "Consumers cough up Rs 2,000 for Rs 10 work", "text": "NAGPUR: Plumbers are ruling the roost at Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) water works department. Consumers are forced to cough up Rs 2,000 as against just Rs 10 needed for change of name in water connection.This journalist walked into the office of Laxmi Nagar Zone's water works department with an application to change the name of consumer of water connection along with all required documents. The staffers at the department asked him to contact registered plumber sitting outside the office. They said they had no role in the process and it has to be done only through the plumber. They were not even ready to inform what documents were needed and what were the charges.The plumber, one Thombre (mobile no: 9822921053), asked to see the documents. He also said the entire process will cost Rs 2,000. Thombre was not ready to reveal the break up of Rs 2,000. When this journalist met NMC's junior engineer and also enquired with chairman of Laxmi Nagar Zone Gopal Bohare, he said the plumber was right. He explained Rs 600 were taken for security deposit, Rs 250 for inspection, Rs 50 for application form and remaining were plumber's service charges.The engineer said the system was being followed since many years. Asked about the application form for change of name, the engineer said it was only available at department's head office in Dharampeth on VIP road. Shockingly, the application form being used for change of name is actually for new water connection has no mention about change of name.A senior engineer at Laxmi Nagar Zone, however, said there was no need to pay inspection charges to plumber but confirmed the security deposit was being collected from consumers for change of name as well. Actually, the process has to be completed with just Rs 10 which is the cost of application form. The engineer himself said no inspection was needed as meter was ok and bills have been regularly paid.The security deposit too was not necessary as it is already paid when connection was started. The charges of plumber are also not required paid as change of name does not require any technical work by the plumber. It also came to fore that plumbers and not officers were having application forms just to make sure the citizens approached them.Both NMC engineers and plumbers confirmed that the inspections, when necessary, were carried out by plumbers who are not staffers of NMC. According to rules, the executive engineer or the officer designated by him has to carry out the inspection. The engineers said water inspector or junior engineer were right persons to carry out inspections.Chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle admitted plumbers dominated the water works department. He told TOI name change should be done for Rs 250 or less. \"I will look into the matter. The forms should be available at all zone offices,\" he said. Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke said the forms should be available at zone offices as the entire process is to be done at zone itself. \"Deputy engineer of the zone and head of the department (executive engineer) are liable for action if forms are not available at the zone office,\" he said.Deputy engineer of Laxmi Nagar Zone ST Tare said the matter related to forms was informed to executive engineer Shashikant Hastak. \"Special format to change name was prepared and shown to Hastak. The approval is awaited,\" he said. Hastak was not available for his version despite several attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15065725", "title": "leopards and zones of conflict", "text": "The wild animals, which ventured into human habitations in UP were from protected and reserve forest areas of Pilibhit, North and South Kheri, Katarniaghat and Bijnore forest.Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary, which is part of the Dudhwa Tiger reserve, has fairly good population of leopards. It is spread over nearly 400 square kilometres. The sanctuary witnesses human interference.The five ranges of Pilibhit forest area - Barahi, Mala, Deoria, Mahof and Haripur are scattered patches and there are villages within the 712 square kilometres of forest area.North and South Kheri division have some 1,200 square kilometres of forest. Cane fields are spread over at least 5,000 square kilometres. These fields witness bustling human activity. The chances are great that humans and tigers, often come face to face here.The 221 square kilometres of Bijnore forests are in close proximity with Corbett National Park. Infact, it's adjacent to buffer area of Corbett and gets floating population of tigers and leopards from Corbett. Being close to buffer area, it also witnesses lot of human activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15068956", "title": "Woman held for double-murder", "text": "LUDHIANA: A shocking truth came forth as the police cracked the sensational double murder case of Narinder Kumar Anand, 62, and his granddaughter, Rewa, 8, after arresting the deceased old man's daughter-in-law Reena Anand on Thursday evening from her residence in Punjab Mata Nagar.Commissioner of police, Luhdiana, Ishwar Singh said Reena came under suspicion as her statements to the police and her husband Hitesh Anand were contradictory. She confessed to her crime during interrogation, said the commissioner.Singh said Reena killed Narinder and Rewa, her stepdaughter, at different times with a straight peen hammer and a cross peen hammer respectively. The hammers belonged to masons constructing a room on the first floor of the house. Reena killed Narinder between 12.30pm and 1.30pm while he was sleeping in his room and Rewa was murdered around 3.30pm when she returned from school. Station house officer (SHO) of Sarabha Nagar Manjinder Singh said Reena told the labourers to go for lunch at 12pm and brought the hammer from the construction site in their absence, which she used to kill her sleeping father-in-law.The SHO said when the labourers returned after lunch at around 2pm, the accused asked them to leave without completing the day's work, managing to keep Narinder's murder a secret. \"By around 3.30pm, Rewa returned from school and went to her grandfather's room directly, where she fainted after seeing his bloodied body. Reena then went to the construction site again to get a hammer and killed the stepdaughter with cruelty,\" added Manjinder.Reena had fabricated her statements earlier, telling the police she had gone to submit Rewa's tuition fee when the murders happened. But, when the cops contacted the tuition center, her statement proved false.The SHO said Reena even tried to burn Narinder's body with some phenyl-like chemical.Reena hails from Nakodar in Jalandhar and was earlier married at Phagwara. She had taken a divorce from her first husband after a while and this was her second marriage. Cops said the accused is a post-graduate in Hindi and has a stubborn and aggressive nature.Rewa's mother had died soon after her birth and she was brought up by her maternal family at Amritsar. Narinder had brought her along to Ludhiana three months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15066781", "title": "Amarmani's movements outside jail to be recorded", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a serious note of the TOI report highlighting instances where former SP MLA and minister Amarmani Tripathi blatantly flouted the prison rules, the Uttar Pradesh government has directed the Gorakhpur police to ensure that Tripathi's outings are recorded starting from the prison gates when he goes out till he stepped back into the jail. The government has also directed the police to step up the efforts to arrest Prakash Pandey - the only accused in Madhumita murder case who was let off by the trial court for want of evidence but convicted by the Uttarakhand high court last Monday.Additional Director General (law &amp; order) Jagmohan Yadav said preparations were under way to issue detailed directives of the protocol that the police would have to follow every time Amarmani had to step out of the jail. This will include a panel of doctors who would now have to examine Amarmani every time he is referred to the district hospital by the jail doctors for any medical treatment. \"The panel of doctors will have to examine him and file a detailed report on the reasons for which he may be admitted to the district hospital for treatment if at all,\" the ADG said.Gorakhpur police chief Ashutosh Kumar confirmed that detailed directives have been issued to ensure that the government directives were implemented in the letter and spirit. \"Now he will leave the court in police van and his entire outing will be recorded uncut in order to establish that the government orders were being adhered to. The video recording will help to establish if he was flouting norms and a senior officer have been assigned the job of keeping a close watch on his movement whenever he goes out of jail for a court hearing or medical examination,\" Ashutosh said.Amarmani Tripathi, his wife Madhumani, nephew and his aide have been convicted for the murder of poetess Madhumita Shukla who was shot at her house in Paper Mill Colony on May 19, 2003. Of the five accused chargesheeted by the CBI in the murder case, one Prakash Pandey was let off by the trial court for want of evidence. The conviction came in 2007 after which Amarmani approached the Uttarakhand High Court appealing for the review of the trial court's judgement. The High Court disposed the appeal on Monday last upholding the judgment of the trial court and also held Prakash Pandey guilty of the crime.The court ordered for Pandey's immediate arrest but police failed to trace him the next day. But the very intention of the police in apprehending Prakash came under question when he appeared before the media the same evening refuting the police claims that he was absconding. Since Amarmani's association with Mulayam Singh Yadav and Samajwadi Party (SP) was an open secret, doubts were expressed on whether the government was keen on nabbing Prakash who has been close to Amarmani, the prime accused in Madhumita murder case. The entire situation was highlighted by the TOI in its reports.Taking a serious note of the news report putting the SP government in UP in the dock, the government directed the Gorakhpur police to initiate every possible step to ensure that Amarmani was treated as just another convict of murder and enjoyed no leverage whatsoever on account of his association with the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15068505", "title": "Inconsolable Ridham kept asking for her mother", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ridham, 3, was inconsolable as her grandparents and maternal uncle took her along for immersing the ashes of her mother, Pooja, at Kiratpur Sahib on Friday. The two families, who otherwise have strained relations, had for once come together in grief for the little girl.\"She kept crying and repeating 'bring my mama back' all through the journey. We kept on telling her that her mother has gone 'somewhere else' for sometime,\" said her maternal uncle Prem Chand. While Pooja's ashes were being immersed, the inconsolable toddler was witnessed shifting from one lap to another with her grandfather Balwinder Pal holding and comforting her for most of the time.The fate of Ridham is still surrounded with uncertainty as there is no mutual decision between the little girl's maternal and paternal family members about her future. Prem Chand has already expressed his wish to adopt the girl, claiming that the atmosphere at her paternal side of the family will not be good for Ridham.On the other hand, accused husband Vajinder and his paramour Renu were produced in the district courts, Sector 17 and sent in judicial custody on Friday. However, police have failed to recover the cellphone and purse of Pooja. According to sources in police, both accused had murdered Pooja and dumped her body in a deserted area of Hoshiarpur district in Punjab on July 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15064924", "title": "Rs 100cr offered for Gali Janardhan Reddy\u2019s bail: Arrested judge", "text": "HYDERABAD: More skeletons are tumbling out in the murky cash-for-bail scam involving mining baron and former Karnataka minister Gali Janardhan Reddy as a lower court judge, arrested in the case, disclosed to the ACB that Gali's men were ready to offer as much as a staggering Rs 100 crore to secure bail for him. Earlier, the deal amount was put at Rs 15 crore.T Lakshminarasimha Rao, the arrested judge, disclosed that Dasaradharami Reddy, a relative of Gali, had made the Rs 100 crore offer, according to the confession statement recorded by the ACB. Krishna Prasad, an auditor, who is known to him and another relative M Venkateswara Rao approached Lakshminarasimha Rao in the second week of April with a request to look for a `channel' to influence the CBI judge for Gali's release on bail. \"They were in touch with Dasaradharami Reddy who was willing to pay even Rs 100 crore for securing the bail,\" the confession statement of Rao said. Though the deal initially came as a shock to the arrested judge, who at the time was registrar (enquiries), high court, he was later attracted towards the deal, it said.Lakshminarasimha Rao called the CBI court judge B Nagamaruti Sarma to his residence on April 18 and tried to convince him on granting of bail to Gali. Sarma did not agree for the deal and went away rejecting the offer. He had, in fact, dismissed the bail plea. Then another person Raavi Surya Prakash Babu, a real estate dealer, who was taken to Bellary MLA Sriramulu by his associate Kolli Lakshmaiah Chowdary for striking the deal, approached Rao again. Surya Prakash had already met Sriramulu's nephew and Kampli MLA T H Suresh Babu who, too, was trying to secure bail for Gali and advised him to wait as Nagamaruti Sarma was not of 'their type'. But he requested Lakshminarasimha Rao to keep the `channel' open as the deal was \"too lucrative to be ignored\".Later, in a strange sequence of events, Nagamaruti Sarma was shifted out of CBI court and a fresh bail plea was filed which came before another special judge T Pattabhirama Rao. Lakshminarasimha Rao roped in Pattabhi's batchmate D Prabhakar Rao, another district judge, who was with the state election commission as its secretary (legal). He also tried to push the deal but failed as Pattabhi told him that he would decide the matter on only `merit'. It turned out later that Pattabhi chose a 'route' planned by his friend Chalapati though the deal was only for Rs 5 crore. This was mainly because his friend did not put any precondition that he should meet Gali Somasekhara Reddy, brother of Gali Janardhana Reddy , before giving bail as was done by Prabhakar Rao, who was also arrested in the case. Prabhakar in his confession spoke of only Rs 15 core implying that he too was unaware of the whopping Rs 100-crore deal. While the ACB arrested Lakshminarasimha Rao on July 12, Pattabhi was arrested last month.Interestingly, the ACB sleuths seized some cheques bearing the names of Lakshminarasimha Rao's family members with some complaint letters written by advocates against some AP high court judges. The letters were addressed to the President of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15066792", "title": "Supply bottleneck may choke free laptop plan", "text": "LUCKNOW: If the UP government is able to fulfill its promise to give free laptops and tablets to all the students from the state who have passed XII and X board examinations, it would be an unprecedented feat. However, officials entrusted with the implementation of the scheme are not sure whether it would be able to start the distribution by September as planned. And it has nothing to do with the government's intention or the lack of resources. It's the sheer number of laptops and tablets required for the purpose that is going to make it an arduous task.According to conservative estimates, UP requires 18 lakh laptops (for class XII) and 26 lakh tablets (for class X) to be distributed among successful students, making it 44 lakh computing equipment in the first year itself. This is more than India's total annual consumption of both these equipment which is around 37 lakh: 35 lakh laptops and 2 lakh tablets.The officials entrusted with the implementation of this much-hyped scheme are well aware of the enormity of the task. \"It's a challenge for us,\" secondary education secretary Parthasarthi Sen Sharma said. \"However, we will have a clearer picture once the bids are open,\" he added.To understand just how big the challenge is, consider the Tamil Nadu experience. There also the AIADMK had made a similar promise before the state polls last year. So, after coming to power in May 2011, the Jayalalithaa government was supposed to distribute about nine lakh laptops. The distribution was scheduled to start in September 2011 and finish by March 2012. But so far the TN government has been able to distribute just 6,600 laptops, which was done at the time of the launch of the scheme in September last. This, despite the fact that the Jaya government roped in six top IT majors to supply the required number of laptops.Of these six companies, Lenovo was to supply 3 lakh laptops, HCL and Acer 2 lakh each, Hewlett-Packard 65,000, RP Infosystems 75,000 and Wipro 50,000. However, barring Lenovo all five others have refused to sign agreements with the government, said a senior official of the Electronics Corporation of Tamil Nadu Ltd (Elcot), the public sector company looking after the procurement of laptops. \"Even Lenovo has asked for time till July last to make deliveries,\" he adds. One major reason cited for the slow delivery of laptops is the shortage of hard disk due to recent floods in Thailand.According to a market expert, a company normally can manufacture 10% more than its average annual production keeping in mind the demand and can stretch to at the most to around 50% in extraordinary circumstances. When the UP government starts the process, it would be pitted against many a challenge: If TN required six vendors to supply nine lakh units, guess how much UP would require for its 44 lakh. And even if it gets the companies promising to deliver, how far they will be able to actually do so remains a million-dollar question.Although the UP government has now come out with the guidelines for the distribution of laptops and tablets, the tender inviting prospective companies for the supply is yet to be floated. Going by the TN experience, the supply of 44 lakh units seems to be a tall order. Even the officials in the secondary education department, responsible for the implementation of the scheme, confess off the record that the distribution process for the current session is sure to stretch till the end of 2013. By that time, the requisition for the next academic session would already have piled up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15068803", "title": "Motormen's strike leads to chaos", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of Western Railway's motormen went on a flash strike on Friday afternoon, leading to chaos on the train network as well as on roads and buses.The mayhem began around 3.30pm, a few hours before peak evening hours, as 450 motormen reported sick and refused to board trains. Steadily, crowds built up at Churchgate station; trains travelling towards Churchgate either halted mid-way or crawled slowly; commuters spilt out on tracks and walked kilometres to their destination; buses got packed to the hilt; and auto and taxi drivers charged double the fare.The union spearheading the agitation, Western Railway Motormen Association (WRMA), said its action on Friday was aimed at highlighting several issues, including the \"appointment of two rebel motormen\". It called off the strike around 8pm after holding talks with WR authorities. But by that time, 50 services had been cancelled and lakhs of commuters had suffered.\"These striking motormen should be put behind bars. They have made a habit of agitations,\" said Devyani Rawal, an irate commuter at Churchgate.Officials said the union's move was timed to cause maximum hardship to commuters so that the management caves in to their demands. It was also meant to catch the attention of senior railway officials who have arrived in Mumbai in the wake of the train collision at Kasara.At various stations on Western Railway's network, there were hordes of irate and restless commuters. Those in trains too were frustrated since the services moved slowly and halted several times between stations. \"Action should be taken against motormen under the Essential Services and Maintenance Act,\" said social worker Anil Galgali. \"Even though they decided to call off the agitation, those responsible for it should face stringent action.\"Many commuters had to walk for kilometres since buses were packed to the hilt and taxi as well as auto drivers were fleecing commuters. \"I had a train to catch for Ahmedabad from Dadar but was stuck because of the strike. I had to pay a taxi driver Rs 500 from Bandra to Dadar to reach in time,\" said Virar resident Prabhu Jakhelia.Several people waited the strike out. \"I waited till 8pm for the situation to become normal. But the trains were overcrowded. There was no point in taking a taxi or a bus because the roads too were overcrowded with people and traffic. I decided to stay at my brother's residence in Bhandup to avoid further trouble,\" said Yogesh Pandey, a Borivli resident.Despite the outcry, the motormen were unconcerned. A WRMA member said, \"The railway authorities had provoked us to take this step. Motormen alone are not responsible for running trains smoothly.\"The chaos spilled over on Central Railway's harbour line and main line. Mahendra Lohima, a Vile Parle resident, said, \"I have never witnessed such crowding in a Bandra local from CST. The rush was thrice the normal size. At Bandra, an autorickhaw driver was demanding Rs 300 to travel to Vile Parle.\"Times View: Don't hold the city to ransomFor too long have all and sundry-from political parties to rogue traders, from crooked transporters to violent workers' unions\u2014imposed their will, by duress or otherwise, on the stoic Mumbaikar. By striking work during peak hour over a minor issue, the WR motormen not only ensured a nightmare for lakhs of commuters, but also lost out any sympathy that they can rightfully claim for the tough job they do. Discussions are still the best way to redress grievances, not wildcat strikes that treat the harried citizen like a pawn. If the authorities can't safeguard public services, maybe it's time for the courts to step in with tough suo motu action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15071831", "title": "Kamran included after ICC clearance: Ashraf", "text": "LAHORE: The chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) Zaka Ashraf has clarified that wicketkeeper-batsman Kamran Akmal was included in the national team only after the ICC gave him clearance.Kamran was recalled to the national Twenty20 squad for the upcoming series against Australia in the UAE and for the ICC T20 World Cup after being sidelined by the selectors and the board since the 2011 World Cup because of some of his suspicious performances.\"As regards Kamran Akmal, the PCB approached the ruling global body ICC and asked if the ICC had any objection to Kamran's selection.\"The ICC ( International Cricket Council) said it had nothing against Kamran Akmal and when clearance came from ICC, then the PCB integrity committee cleared him for national selection,\" Ashraf was quoted as saying by a TV channel.\"Moreover Pakistan badly needed a keeper who could also contribute with the bat also,\" Ashraf added.The national selectors recalled Kamran after seeking clearance from the board for his selection.The board had convened a meeting of its integrity committee, which spoke to Kamran before clearing him for selection.Since 2010, suspicions have been raised over some of Kamran's shoddy performances and he was also named during the spot-fixing trial last year in London in which Salman Butt , Mohammad Aamer and Mohammad Asif were later given different jail sentences for spot-fixing on the England tour in 2010.Ashraf, who is clearly not in very good terms with his predecessor Ijaz Butt, said that despite ICC asking the former chief to take action against Salman Butt, Asif and Aamir, he did not do anything.\"The ICC had asked former Chairman of PCB, Ijaz Butt to initiate action against Salman Butt, Asif and Aamir in Pakistan for involvement in spot-fixing. Unfortunately Mr Butt did not do it and then the ICC had to take action that resulted in long term bans and embarrassment,\" said Ashraf.He also said the PCB had now decided to regulate and monitor the club and regional cricket as the ICC has informed the Board that it (ICC) had reports of corruption at lower level of cricket in Pakistan also.The PCB from this year has made it mandatory for organisers to seek NOC from the board for organising private T20 tournaments during the month of Ramazan or at any time of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15064793", "title": "One more arrested in extortion case", "text": "NAGPUR: Ganeshpeth police have arrested a furniture shop owner, who doubled up as an arms smuggler, from Banda in Uttar Pradesh earlier this week for his role in supplying the arms and ammunitions to the duo accused in the extortion and bomb hurl case. Shamsuddin Shah was produced before the court on Friday. He has been remanded in the police custody till July 24.The Ganeshpeth police have already netted so-called mastermind Ravindra Devangan and his accomplice Sunil Yadav, also remanded till July 24, in the case. The cops had gone to UP looking for the supplier who had provided the arms and ammunitions to the duo. It has now come to fore that Devangan had gone to UP to procure the arms.Police had seized two pistols, five magazines, 56 live cartridges, gunpowder and such materials from the duo. The duo had threatened more than two dozen businessmen from the city demanding Rs 10 lakh as protection money from each of them. Sources in the police station also claimed that Devangan had purchased a Scooty from an auto-dealer based at Chitnis Park. He had kept the weapons and ammunition in its dickey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15068740", "title": "Planet found near Earth may have life", "text": "MELBOURNE: Astronomers at the University of California, Santa Cruz , and the Carnegie Institution of Washington believe they have discovered a planet right at Earth's front door that may be capable of supporting human life. The planet is 22 light years away, previously thought to be 20 light years, and is formally known as Gliese 581g, but the lead researcher professor Steven Vogt told News.com.au that he has since named it after his wife.\"I called it 'Zarmina's world'. It's not just in our backyard, its right in our face,\" Professor Vogt said. The study, which was released to News.com.au this week, showed that the planet was twice the size of earth . It is known as a \"super Earth\" due to its ability to hold on to its gassy atmosphere, which increases its chances of retaining liquid. Whether this liquid is frozen and stored under the surface or flowing freely across the planet, the researchers can't say. The scientist from the University of California said that the planet has \"churchly weather\" similar to what we experience in Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072357", "title": "Kray Twinz Bollywood debut causes a stir!", "text": "The song which has been sung by Miss Pooja, Neha Kakkar &amp; Nakkash Aziz features the dynamic production of British-born producers Kray Twinz.Many British-Asian producers attempt to make their mark in Bollywood, but it's clear that without even trying Kray Twinz have firmly claimed their spot as debut hit-makers in the Bollywood music industry. The recent success of the duo mirrors their previous success for the track 'Beware of the Boyz' featuring Panjabi MC and Jay-Z , 'what we do' featuring Twista which too became an overnight hit in the mainstream.Speaking of the success of their song, Kray Twinz said, \"We're really happy with the response of the track. We've never really thought about getting into the Bollywood market, so when Pritam contacted us and told us he liked the record we did called 'Some Boy' featuring Stush we were honoured, he asked if we could create something along the same lines using the catchy hook we had on the original. We had a few days to compose something from start to finish and the end result you can see has been a smash hit. People are loving the track, and that just makes our work feel even more worthwhile. Maybe this is the start of something new for us who knows!\"Cocktail starring Saif Ali Khan and Deepika Padukone released on 13th July 2012, and since the release of the film the track 'Second Hand Jawani' has been regarded as one of the best songs in the film by many Bollywood fanatics and critics and is being heavily used in all promotions.Cocktail , is a 2012 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Homi Adajania under the banner of Illuminati Films, starring Saif Ali Khan, Deepika Padukone, Diana Penty , Dimple Kapadia , Boman Irani and Randeep Hooda. Source: Simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065315", "title": "Ex-Army chief, four others get bail in defamation case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday granted bail to former Army chief Gen V K Singh and four top serving Army officers in connection with a criminal defamation case filed against them by Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh.The court granted bail to Gen V K Singh, vice-chief of Army staff S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur (director general of Military Intelligence), Maj Gen S L Narshiman (additional director general of public information) and Lt Col Hitten Sawhney after the five appeared before the court in response to the summons issued against them.\"All the accused have entered their appearance. Since they are retired and serving Army officers, they are admitted to bail on furnishing of personnel bond of Rs 20,000 each,\" the court said while posting the matter for August 8. The court also directed Tejinder Singh's counsel S M Pandey and Anil Aggarwal to provide copies of documents filed by him on record to the accused.During the hearing, the four serving Army officers filed applications for dropping of proceedings against them, arguing that the case was not maintainable due to absence of sanction for their prosecution.On their applications, the court issued notice to Tejinder Singh, seeking his reply by August 8.The four serving officers also moved an application for conversion of the case into a warrant case under Section 259 CrPC, instead of summons case, saying, \"This is not a normal defamation case and it needs more elaboration as it is related to Army. The case will require an in-depth examination.\"The court, however, pointed out to the counsel for the accused that if the case was converted into a warrant case, the trial would take 20 years to conclude and sought Tejinder Singh's reply on the issue.In his complaint, Tejinder Singh has accused the five officers of misusing their official position, power and authority to level false charges against him. Tejinder Singh had filed the complaint alleging that he was defamed by the Army through its press release issued on March 5, which accused him of offering a bribe of Rs 14 crore to the erstwhile Army chief to clear a deal of 600 trucks, a charge refuted by him.Earlier, the court had said it was \"prima facie\" satisfied that the March 5 press release was \"defamatory\" as \"ex-facie\" serious allegation of \"bribery\" was made against Tejinder Singh, who had a long and distinguished career in the Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "divar", "code": "15065474", "title": "Divar locals say no to mega projects", "text": "DIVAR: Goltim-Navelim (Divar) panchayat's gram sabha held recently, resolved that licenses must not be given for the construction of mega projects in the jurisdiction of the panchayat.Villagers said that licenses must be granted to build only houses in the village. Several members opined that the garbage menace was unheard of in Divar in the past, but it has raised its ugly head now. Sarpanch Prasad Harmalkar said that the panchayat will tackle dry garbage first.Villagers were also informed that the request to change ferry timings, had been accepted by the river navigation department. The first ferry from Piedade to Sao Pedro will now be at 6am instead of 6.30 am. Also, the water resources department has agreed to keep openings in the retention wall from Piedade ferry point to Morod, for the farmers to access paddy fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15066287", "title": "Rajasthan University students flout panel norms", "text": "JAIPUR: Student groups continue to violate the Lyngdoh committee recommendations by holding rallies, pasting banners, raising slogans and obstructing traffic on roads as their election is round the corner. The union election will held across the state on August 18.Dean of students welfare (DSW), a body conducting union elections in Rajasthan University, has issued a booklet on the model code of conduct to ensure that elections are held adhering to the recommendations of the Lyngdoh committee. The university has appointed 48 security guards in three shifts at key locations to monitor the situation round the clock.Besides, a videographer will record the students' activities from 10.30 am to 4.30 pm at key locations on campus. \"Recordings will be saved in two CDs everyday till the election. One copy of each will be kept by DSW and V-C office,\" said R V Singh, DSW, adding that the recordings will form the base of action against students found involved in any activity violating the committee recommendations. Students rallies have been banned from entering into the university besides pasting of posters and banners on the university campus will be seen as a gross violation, the DSW said. The entry of outsiders will be banned once the university issues identity cards to the students.Despite the measures taken, student politics and hooliganism are spilling on to city roads as fleet of cars of students activists and banners, signboards have become common in the city.On Friday, one student group barged inside the university campus demanding inquiry against V-C B L Sharma. The RU administration was taken by surprise by the about the development. They did manage to issue a verbal warning to one student.This was not an isolated incident on the campus, as group of girls also disrupted classes demanding ATM machine in Maharani's College. In the coming days, it is expected that road shows and rallies will increase.The university's tall claim of following the Lyngdoh panel recommendations also fell flat as it fail to prosecute a single student so far.In the past two days alone, different students groups had clashed with police highlighting the deteriorating law and order on campus. Even hooliganism of students outside the campus is also quite visible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "haroa", "code": "15064470", "title": "Woman 'raped', murdered by husband's friend", "text": "HAROA: A 26-year-old woman was allegedly raped before being killed by her husband's friend at Haroa in North 24-Parganas on Friday. The body was sent for autopsy.The accused, Fakir Ahmed, has reportedly gone into hiding.The victim's husband and Fakir, both fish sellers, happen to be friends. Usually, they used to go to work together. On Friday, while the victim's husband left for work, Fakir chose to stay back. Instead, he went to the house of the victim, who was at home with her two sons - aged seven and two years.Fakir reportedly heckled the sons, pushed them out and locked the room from inside. Later, when he left and the kids entered the room, they found their mother lying unconscious on the floor with her clothes stripped off. On being informed, the victim's husband summoned police. The husband has lodged a complaint against Fakir, stating that she may have been raped before being murdered.Police suspect the woman was strangled. They are probing if there was a rift between Fakir and her husband . Raids are on to nab Fakir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15063819", "title": "Youth slain for sleaze protest", "text": "KOLKATA: A young man was beaten to death in Jagaddal on the city's outskirts for trying to clean his neighboruhood of a sleaze joint.Thirty-two-year-old Raju Mullick, who worked as a cook for a big catering company, was dragged out of his home and bludgeoned to the death on the street as dozens of people looked on.The barbaric assault took place at Shyamnagar's Hindustan Colony in North 24-Parganas. The main accused, Bablu Chakraborty, is a neighbour of Raju. Bablu and the other suspects are absconding.Bablu allegedly ran a sleaze racket at his place for quite some time but it had gone unnoticed until Raju happened to visit the house on some work on Thursday evening. Raju was shocked and started protesting loudly.Despite Bablu's threats, Raju went out and told the other residents of the locality. On Friday morning, a group of residents gathered at Bablu's house and told him that if he did not shut down the sleaze den immediately, they would go to the police, say sources.Around 7.30pm on Friday, an armed gang of around 12 persons, led by Bablu, stormed into Raju's house, say locals. They accused him of stealing Bablu's bicycle, dragged him out and beat him with iron rods and lathis. He pleaded for his life, but the assault continued till he died.Locals came to his aid only after the gang had left. Raju was declared dead on arrival at Bhatpara State General Hospital.Raju's neighbours filed a complaint with Jagaddal police late on Friday night. Locals said that though Raju was poor, he always helped people in the locality.\"He was like our guardian angel. He was an idealist. The allegation that he stole a bicycle is false because he didn't even know how to ride a cycle,\" said a local.Raju Mullick, a 32 year old youth was beaten to death after he protested against running of a sleaze racket in the locality. The incident occurred in Shyamnagar's Hindustan Colony under Jagaddal police station in North 24 Parganas on Friday night. The police is searching for the miscreants who have fled away.Trouble occurred in the locality when around 7:30pm in the evening, an armed gang of around 12 led by Bablu attacked Raju's house. They dragged out Raju from the house and raised false allegation that Raju had stolen one a bicycle from Bablu's house. They started severely beating Raju on this with iron rods and lathis. Seriously injured and bleeding, Raju was later rushed to Bhatpara state general hospital where he was declared dead. The gang along with Bablu has fled away after the incident. A complaint was lodged at Jagaddal police station late in the night as police officers rushed in the spot. The police have started conducting massive raids to nab Bablu and his men. The sleaze racket was reportedly going on at Bablu Chakraborty, a local resident's house for some time but it was not noticed. On Thursday night, Raju had gone to Bablu's house for some work as the matter came to his notice. He vehemently protested against the matter, asking to stop the racket.On Friday morning, Raju decided to inform the matter to the other locals as they all went to Bablu's house again and asked him to stop the nuisance for good. They said that the matter will be strongly dealt with if the racket continues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074694", "title": "OKOK hits century", "text": "Comedy rules Kollywood - that's something well-known. And now we have proof of that as well. The comic caper Oru Kal Oru Kannadi, which starred Udhayanidhi Stalin and Santhanam in lead roles, has completed 100 days in the state. The film is directed by by hat-trick director Rajesh.Despite the entry of new films, this one - which had a lot of comical elements in it - seems to have struck a chord with the masses. The character Santhanam played in the film has been appreciated and many have loved his one-liners, including the 'fact fact' sequences in the flick. It is said that these elements is what attracted even family audiences and children, and of course, youngsters, to the theatres.Hansika played the lead in the film. And Harris Jayaraj came up with some decent numbers, one of which - the Venaam Machan.. . song - went on to become a big hit. This song still is at the top of music charts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15068329", "title": "Air India Express flights to have new schedule from Monday", "text": "MANGALORE: Air India Express has announced new flight operations schedule from Mangalore to Mumbai and Middle East. The schedule will be effective from July 23.The Mangalore-Kuwait-Mangalore flight will operate on three days in a week. While IX 319 Mangalore-Kuwait flight will depart at 5.45 pm from Mangalore and will be operational on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays, the return flight (IX 390) will be operational on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. This flight will arrive in Mangalore at 6.20am.The Mangalore-Bahrain flight will now operate on Saturdays. While IX 8199 Mangalore-Bahrain will depart Mangalore at 10am, it will arrive in Mangalore at 7.15pm.The AIE's Mumbai flight will operate on Mondays.IX 802 Mangalore-Mumbai will depart at 10.30 am and will arrive in Mangalore at 8.45pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15064493", "title": "Engineer, architect named for illegalities in Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth structure", "text": "NAGPUR: Vice-chancellor of Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV), Vyankatesh Mayande, has named its engineer and architect for various illegalities allegedly committed while constructing its swanky centenary auditorium-cum-farmers' communication centre. In an enquiry report submitted to the Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court on Friday, the VC stated that the university had proposed a departmental enquiry into the entire affair and also blacklisting of the architect, counsel for PDKV, Shrikant Khandalkar told TOI.The Nagpur bench, while ordering demolition of the auditorium on October 21 last year, had also asked Mayande to conduct an enquiry into the alleged illegalities, fix responsibility and take appropriate action against its officials and submit a report within a year. While delivering the judgment, a division bench comprising Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice MN Gilani had asked Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), the planning authority, to undertake a study and determine optimum standard of open space per capita as has been done for other cities, such as Jaipur. The civic body was asked to complete the study with the help of NEERI and submit a report within a year. The NMC counsel, during hearing on Friday, however, sought three weeks' time to submit it.The agricultural university had planned to erect centenary auditorium-cum-farmers' communication centre to be labelled as \"Shetkari Sankul\" on the open land reserved for the farm laboratory. Even an exhibition space, a VIP guesthouse and other facilities were to be constructed at an expenditure of Rs12.75 crore. All this was supposed to come up at PDKV's six hectares farm on North Ambazari Road that had been already declared as a Grade-I heritage by the Urban Development Department. However, the construction plan for this site was rejected by the Town Planning Department when it was first proposed. If this was not enough, the institution failed to seek permission from the NMC to start construction. NMC assistant commissioner Mahesh Morone had also served a notice to PDKV to immediately halt the illegal construction on May 5, 2007, but the university officials overlooked it.After media reports citing violations of MRTP Act by PDKV, the court had taken a suo Motu cognisance and ordered demolition of the auditorium. However, a Supreme Court bench comprising justice Dalveer Bhandari and justice Deepak Mishra stayed the order on November 25 last year after PDKV moved the apex court challenging the high court's verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065949", "title": "Cry more over onion price", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vegetable prices are expected to burn a bigger hole in your pockets. Sources in the Azadpur wholesale market have said that onion will follow in the footsteps of tomato: its price expected to rise from the current Rs 5-6 per kilo to about Rs 15 around September. Tomato prices will continue to stay high until the end of the monsoon season.Meanwhile, retail prices are barely reflective of wholesale rates and Delhiites are spending different amounts for the same vegetable across the city. Lady's finger was selling for Rs 40 per kilo in east Delhi till last week.With barely any change in its wholesale rate since then\u2014costing an average of Rs 14 in Azadpur on July 20\u2014the vegetable was selling for Rs 100 per kilo in east Delhi's Preet Vihar, Rs 80 in GK-I and Rs 40 in Nangloi. Bitter gourd, the rate of which has increased by only Re 1 in the wholesale market since July 1 and was available for an average of Rs14 , was Rs 30 in Preet Vihar, Rs 80 in GK and Rs 40 in Safdarjung.\"There has been a massive rise in prices since last year,\" said a member of the Delhi Agricultural Marketing Board. \"Potatoes that were priced at Rs 3-4 in the months of June to September in 2011, are selling for Rs 10-20 this year in the wholesale market. Onions were selling for Rs 5-6 per kilo last year and are selling for Rs 7-8 now. In fact, onions are expected to become more expensive by September-October. The crop in that season comes from Karnataka and Maharashtra. Right now there is hardly any water there and hence we are not expecting a good crop,\" he said.Tomatoes\u2014the price of which has risen from an average of Rs 8 per kilo on July 1 to Rs 22 on July 20\u2014are not likely to become any cheaper soon. \"Right now, the crop is coming from Himachal Pradesh where a shortage in rainfall led to a poor crop. The new crop from Maharashtra and Siliguri will come only in October-November. We are not expecting any change in prices till then. If at all, tomatoes can only get more expensive,\" said another official.Lemon and cucumber are also slightly more expensive at present. An official explained that the demand for these vegetables was quite high and supply was not much as farmers had planted fewer crops this season.\"Since prices were not too high last year, farmers did not plant too much crop. However, there is no shortage really. Most of the price variation and hike is taking place in the retail market,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15064726", "title": "TDP suspends four MLAs for defying party diktat", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after the four MLAs defied their party diktat and voted in the presidential elections, the TDP cracked its whip on them by suspending them.While Kodali Nani was suspended from the party even before the elections for his dalliance with the YSR Congress, S Venugopalachary (Mudhole), Harishwar Reddy (Parigi), Balanagi Reddy (Mantralayam) and Chinnam Ramakotaiah (Nuzvid) were suspended on Friday. These MLAs exercised their franchise in the presidential election on Thursday though the TDP had decided to abstain from the poll.Sources said TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu discussed the issue with his senior colleagues and suspended them immediately as it was 'already late'. A one-line statement was issued by the party late in the evening saying the four MLAs have been suspended with immediate effect.Balanagi Reddy had been moving with YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy for several months and Ramakotaiah was seen in the company of Congress MLAs on Thursday giving strong hints that he is ready to switch. He had been voicing his disagreement with the party and its leadership for some time and was expected to switch sides anytime. Though he thought of joining the YSR Congress bandwagon, with no positive signals from that side, Ramakotaiah apparently started efforts to get into the ruling party.Hareeshwar and Venugopalachary had distanced themselves from the TDP long ago protesting the party leadership's dilly-dallying on the Telangana issue. With its latest action, the TDP's effective strength in the 294-member assembly has been reduced to 81.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074284", "title": "Pooja's Dandupalya in Tamil?", "text": "This year, Pooja Gandhi, who has acted in Tamil films like Kokki and Thiruvannamalai, had a second lease of life in the Kannada industry. The actress played one of the leaders of a gang of serial killers in the film Dandupalya, which has won rave reviews from both critics and audiences alike.The film, which is doing well in Kannada, is also going to be seen in other languages soon, we hear. Pooja informs us that while the Telugu market has seen the remake rights being sold, Dandupalya will be dubbed and released in Kollywood and Bollywood.The Tamil version is said to likely hit the screens in about a month's time, with the scripting and dubbing work in place now. With the Tamil audience lapping up rustic scripts, the makers are quite keen to see how they take to this film. Meanwhile, Dandupalya 2 is also readying up to go on the floors.With the raw performance of Pooja as a gritty criminal being the highlight, we wonder if this film will also end up being the second lease of life for the actress in Kollywood too, like she had in Sandalwood with this film. Only time will tell...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073157", "title": "A musical night in Kolkata", "text": "It was a night of rap with bass guitars for company at a city nightclub on Friday, that saw the crowd hitting the dance floor like there was no tomorrow.With Santhanam on lead vocals and rap, Adil on lead guitars, Bubbla on bass, Sourish on drums and Kuntal, playing the guitar jockey, the music of band EPR was perfectly in sync with the party mood.We spotted Anindo, with friends Ipsita and Ahana, chilling out on the dance floor. Buddies Bhagyashree, Vignesh and Enjoli were having a good time too. Somadrita caught our eyes as she posed pretty in the classic combo of white top and denims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15068715", "title": "It's no joke; laughing gas may have caused the end of Ice Age", "text": "LONDON: It's no laughing matter! Nitrous oxide commonly known as laughing gas may have brought the last great Ice Age to an end, a new research has found.Scientists have found that large quantities of laughing gas which appeared in the atmosphere 14,000 years ago caused the temperatures in Europe to rise by as much as 5 degrees. The study showed that elevated levels of the gas, which has gained notoriety as a party drug, are stored in ice core samples from the period the last Ice Age ended, 'Daily Mail' reported.The samples, which formed about 14,000 years ago as the ice age drew to an end, contains bursts of nitrous oxide, popularly known as laughing gas.The gas, used medically for pain relief has gained notoriety in recent years thanks to people using it as a recreational drug. A study by Mirjam Pfieffer of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, in Lausanne, found that nitrous oxide which ended the Ice Age came from plants that blossomed as the climate began to warm.The team reconstructed how the ecosystem changed at a Swiss lake during this time by identifying pollen buried in sediment. As temperatures rose, the area was over-run by a shrub called sea buckthorn. Sea buckthorn uses nitrogen from the air to produce nutrients. Trials suggest that its chemical tinkering released a lot of nitrous oxide, perhaps 1.6 mg of extra gas for every square metre of land. The scientists said told New Scientist magazine that a similar development could happen this century as Arctic ice retreats and warmer Arctic peatlands belch out nitrous oxide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15066162", "title": "Kharif sowing shortfall, spike in pulses' prices worry govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The kharif season is entering a critical phase with a sowing shortfall of 53 lakh hectares as compared to the \"normal\" pattern with fears of a spike in price of pulses beginning to ring alarm bells in the government.So far, coarse grains have taken the biggest hit by way of a 30-lakh hectare deficit \u2014 according to statistics available on July 20 \u2014 followed by sowing of pulses down at 40 lakh hectare against a normal of 51 lakh hectares.The figures are starker when compared to last year, but 2011 saw an early and bountiful monsoon. At this point in time last year, sowing had taken place on 620 lakh hectares. The average works out to 586 lakh hectares and the actual is 533 lakh hectares, short by a shade under 10%.The progress of the monsoon over the next 11 days of July is critical to sowing picking up as well as proper germination of seeds as despite ample foodgrain stocks of rice and wheat; the government is getting worried about a rise of prices of pulses. Kharif sowing in pulses has dipped more than 10 lakh hectares compared to what is considered normal for the year.The current sowing shortfall in rice is not as worrying with 144 lakh hectares completed as compared to a normal of 153 lakh hectares. Oilseeds are also doing well with sowing covering 108 lakh hectares as against 109 lakh hectares. Sugarcane, too, is doing well at 52 lakh hectares as compared to a normal of 46 lakh hectares. Jute and cotton are lagging only marginally.But concern over the price of pulses shooting sky-high has made the government consider two steps that could be in place by August, if early signals of a bad monsoon come true. The food ministry is considering the imposition of stock-holding limits on wholesalers as well as restarting the scheme to provide subsidized pulses under the public distribution system (PDS).Till last week only 20.54 lakh hectares of land had been sown with pulses, but this has improved with the improved burst of monsoon over the last week, just about doubling to 40.19 lakh hectares, but far behind the normal sowing acreage at this point of the year. In end-July, 2011, 74 lakh hectares had been sown with pulses - a target that now seems distant for this kharif season.The prices of pulses have remained high through the last couple of years as the dependence on imports has increased and the acreage at home under pulses has remained stagnant.The effect of rise in prices has been evident with the consumption of the protein-rich food item shrinking in the Indian diet. The annual per capita consumption of pulses has reduced from the mid-90s. In fact, the consumption of cheaper imported yellow peas (from Canada and the US) and dun peas (from Australia) has risen despite the fact that these have not been traditionally eaten in India, notes the recent quarterly Agricultural Outlook report by the National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER). The consumption of pulses has reduced in the country despite rising incomes over the period NCAER has reported, which suggests that the spike in prices of pulses has been too high to digest for the aam aadmi.The wholesale prices of domestic pulses have increased by 78% between 2005-06 and 2011-12 with the cost of moong dal rising the sharpest. The last two years saw a record production, which helped ensure the spike didn't get worse, but 2012 is expected to be a bad season again worrying government that speculation in the markets and hoarding could lead to food inflation levels jumping to politically uncomfortable level.Pulses are already the second highest agriculture product imported by India and would have to be ratcheted up yet higher this year, the government fears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15065900", "title": "Taliban-like diktats get nod of khap mahapanchayat", "text": "LUCKNOW: A mahapanchyat held at Asara village on Friday endorsed all the decision taken by the panchayat of this village in Baghpat district putting several restrictions on women. The Asara panchyat on July 15, 2012, had imposed a series of bans on women below 40, including use of mobile and venturing alone.The mahapanchayat - attended by panchas from Rajasthan, Punjab and Harayana - also decided to submit a detailed report of all the decisions ratified at the meeting, before chief minister Akhilesh Yadav after being duly signed by the panchas of all the communities which have agreed to implement the code of conduct in their respective clan and village.Organised by the Aasara village panchayat, the meeting was attended by Chaudhary Yashpal Mallick, president of Bharatiya Jat Aaarakshan Sangharsh Samithi, senior leader of the Bharatiya Kisan Union Naresh Tikait along with members of over two dozen different panchayats from Uttar Pradesh and beyond. Though the mahapanchayat strongly defended the decisions taken at the earlier panchayats, the speakers on the occasion did not miss a chance to underline that these were mere \"suggestions\" and cannot be branded as \"farmaans\" (orders).Taking serious note of reports published in a section of the media criticizing the ban on women folks, both Chaudhary Yashpal Mallick and Naresh Tikait along with the members of panchayat from outside the state pointed out that attempts were being made to brand the panchayat decisions as anti-women which was far from true. They said restrictions were also suggested for young boys consuming paan masaala, dowry and other such evils plaguing the society but the media decided to highlight only those parts that were related to the women.The speakers were also unanimous on submitting a detailed report of all the decisions taken at the panchayat to the chief minister so that there were no misconceptions or misunderstandings. The directives given by panchayat are neither against society, nor is to restrict anyone. Media have given a distorted picture of the entire matter. The panchayat only had put forward suggestions, they maintained..The panchayat in Asara village in Baghpat's Ramala area also ruled on Wednesday that when women leave their homes, their heads must be covered. Banning love marriages, the panchayat said those doing so would not be allowed to live in the village.The Aasara village panchayat, among a host of other decisions, has imposed a ban love marriages, use of cell phones by women under 40 years of age and their visiting the market without being accompanied by a family elder on grounds that such things were spoiling the life of the younger generation. The panchayat decisions led to some strong reactions from different quarters. Demands were raised that the law enforcement agencies should intervene to stop the panchayat from imposing such restrictions on the hapless women folk of the region.While the human rights activists and social organizations demanded stringent action against such panchayats and such decisions, political parties maintained a studied silence on the entire issue stating that it was the internal matter of the communities which have framed their own set of guidelines and agreed to follow them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15071145", "title": "I\u2019m not directing Balayya\u2019s 100th film: Rajamouli", "text": "Taskmaster SS Rajamouli slammed all rumors that he's doing to wield the megaphone for Natasimha Nandamuri Balakrishna's 100th film. The director has clarified that he's not going to direct Balayya's milestone film and the news is false. \"News about me doing balakrishna garu's 100th film is false\"(sic), tweeted Rajamouli.The stupendous box office success of Eega has once again proved that Rajamouli is the best director in contemporary Tollywood. And certain sections of media also reported that the maverick director would take up the task of directing Balayya's prestigious film. But Rajamouli took to his micro-blogging site and clarified that the news is false.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15067685", "title": "Malaprabha farmers will meet Goa CM", "text": "Dharwad: The Kalasa-Banduri Horata Samiti, which is fighting for the implementation of the Kalasa-Banduri Nala project that provides for diversion of water from Kalasa and Banduri Nala to Malaprabha river has decided to meet Goa chief minister Manohar Parikkar and appeal to him to cooperate in completing the project before the end of 2013. Samiti president Vijay Kulkarni told The Times of India that the work on diverting 2 tmc of water was going on at a snail's pace and Karnataka deserves 7.56 tmc of water to be diverted. Now that BJP rules both Karnataka and Goa the two chief ministers should sort out the differences amicably and ensure the completion of the project. The project when completed will solve the drinking water problem of Hubli-Dharwad and rural parts of Savadatti, Navalgund, Nargund and Ron taluks . \"We will meet Parikkar soon. If the response is negative we will relaunch the agitation\" Kulkarni said.FARMER's MARTYRS' DAYOn Saturday it will be the 32nd edition of Martyr's Day at Navalgund in Dharwad district and Nargund in Gadag district. It was exactly 32 years ago that the police opened fire to quell violent agitating farmers. Two farmers and three policemen were killed in the violent incidents. The incident sparked off violent protests by farmers all over the state and also resulted in the fall of Gundu Rao's government and emergence of first ever non-Congress government in Karnataka -- Janata Party government headed by Ramkrishna Hegde. It may be recalled here that the farmers of Naragund and Navalgund taluks had launched an agitation against the government forcibly collecting betterment levy from farmers in the Malaprabha Command Area which included Nargund and Navalgund taluks. Their argument was that the benefits of the Malaprabha project had not reached majority of the farmers due to faulty planning and collection of levy from the non-beneficiaries was unjustified. Veerappa Kadlikoppa of Chikkanaragund village in Naragund taluk and Basappa Lakkundi of Alagawadi village in Navalgund taluk were killed in police firing. The farmers who were urging for the implementation of Kalasa Banduri Nalla project seem to have resigned to fate as the project now hangs in balance thanks to obstruction by the Goa government. The focus this time is on the government's move to amend the land reforms act and facilitate non-agriculturists to buy agricultural land and later use it for non-agricultural purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15064502", "title": "Lohardaga civic body holds camp to increase revenue collection", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The Lohardaga Municipality, one of the oldest civic bodies in the region, has launched a month-long special drive to increase its revenue collection which is in bad shape.The municipality is holding ward-level revenue collection-cum-awareness camps as the civic authorities think that citizens are not aware of their duties of paying taxes against various facilities provided by the municipality.\"Our camps are mainly meant for revenue collection but at the same time we are trying to use it as a platform to create awareness among 56,000 residents living in near 6,000 houses in 22 wards of the municipal area,\" said N K Singh, the executive officer. He said over Rs 1 lakh money had been collected under various tax heads in the past four camps organized for ward nos 1, 2, 3, 4, 10 and 11. Singh was attending the camp on the Lutheran High School premises for residents of ward nos 19, 21 and 22.The camp that started on July 15 will continue till August 23. Shshir Toppo, the chairman of the municipality, said despite a glorious past the municipality's revenue collection was poorest.\"Since monetary loss was an obstacle in implementing various programmes of the municipality, this special drive of revenue collections through camps has been started,\" he said.Officials and employees attending the camp on Friday said the camp dealt with holding and water taxes.While there are a large number of residents who have not paid their holding tax for long, over 3,000 residents have been given chance to turn their illegal water connection into legal by depositing connection and other charges.The executive officer said only 1,800 houses had legal water pipe lines and the number of illegal connections was more than double of the legal connections. \"We have asked all the residents who have illegal water supply to come forward to make their connections legal at the camps. After the camps are over, we will start taking legal action and fine Rs 5,000 if the connections are found illegal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15068025", "title": "77-yr-old man works for rural development", "text": "Inspired by Mahatma Gandhi's thoughts after reading his autobiography - The Story of My Experiments With Truth - this septuagenarian has pledged to work for the welfare of rural people.P S Chandranna received the book during his post-retirement days which gave a new dimension to his life. He said his second daughter, Vandana, a software engineer presented him with Gandhi's autobiography few days after his retirement. It was only after reading it, he was greatly influenced by Gandhi's thoughts. Later, Chandranna started working for the development of rural people. \"I was very thrilled after reading the book which made me help farmers in one or the other way,\" he said.The 77-year-old retired executive engineer is now attached to the public works department and spends time for welfare of rural masses.Chandranna established Nyrmalya and Vrukshabhivruddhi Trust in 1995 to carry out his social work. In late '90s, he started promoting scientific disposal of solid waste management. He visited around 150 houses near his residence in T K layout and created awareness . \"When I had been to New York with my son in late '90s, I liked their concept of solid waste management which I wanted to introduce in my city,\" he explained.In 2000, Chandranna adopted Devagalli village where population of Harijanas is more, and started making the place economically stable. He also set up farm ponds (Krishi Honda) to recharge the ground water table. Chandranna also gave interest-free loan to five people to buy a cow for each one of them. However, the attempt remained futile as it was unsuccessful. \"The farmers were not faithful andso I had to drop my idea there,\" Chandranna recalled.While in 2006, the trust started dairy development to improve living conditions of farmers in Varakodu village with the help of Varadaraja swamy Kannada Geleyara Balaga, a local youth organization in the village. Chandranna lent Rs 10,000 as interest free loan to two beneficiaries to buy cow and Rs 1500 was subsidy for them. The remaining amount has to be returned in ten months with a monthly installment of Rs 850. The retierd engineer later increased principal amount to Rs 15,000.So far, Chandranna has helped people to get cows. \"All the beneficiaries are earning Rs 3,000 per month and dairy is the only way to improve the conditions of rural folk,\" he added.Chandranna, a native of Davanagere, has been residing in Mysore since 1994. His wife Parvathamma is the backbone behind his works. He has three children- Vachana, Vandana and Vishwananda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14944214", "title": "Raksha Bandhan: Rakhi Bazar organized ahead of the occasion", "text": "KANPUR: Women of the industrial came together at special Rakhi Bazar organized in a restaurant at Mcrobertganj on Saturday. Hundreds of 'Rakhies', each unique in style, in various forms and prices were displayed at the Bazar which witnessed a large number of buyers and extolment.Different types of Rakhies were displayed in the 'Rakhi Bazar'. The special gold/silver plated Rakhi, thread Rakhi, fragrance Rakhi hogged the limelight at the expo. Though Raksha Bandhan is still a fortnight to go but the enthusiasm was commendable. Raksha Bandhan is falling on August 2 this year but the people have started shopping for their siblings.According to the event organizers, more than 50 stalls were set-up of various brands and styles. The special gold and silver plated rakhies, 'rakhi thali', cartoon rakhi were a must see at the Bazar. The range of these special hand and machine made rakhies varied from Rs 20 to Rs 500. There were many things at the Bazar that attracted the women. Various forms of slippers, sarees, tops and dresses were also available.\"I bought five rakhis of different styles and price. I have been visiting the rakhi Bazar every year. The special feature of the Bazar is the hand made rakhis that are available at very affordable price,\" said Nandita, a housewife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15065639", "title": "Cellphones shop robbed in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: Unidentified persons broke into a shop dealing in cellphones at Gandhi market, Margao, on Thursday night and decamped with 15 mobile phones worth around one lakh.Police sources said that the accused effected entry into the shop after removing the roof tiles. Acting on a complaint lodged by the shop owner, Mahendra Kumar, the Margao town police have booked an offence against unknown accused.Despite intensifying night patrolling, there has been a spate of thefts and burglaries reported at the Margao town police station. In the last six months, 81 cases of thefts and burglaries have been reported at the Margao town police station, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15065229", "title": "Sugar factory to get booster shot", "text": "PORVORIM: Cooperation minister Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar told the Goa assembly on Friday that the government is undertaking new initiatives to improve the Sanjeevani Sahakari Karkhana ( sugar factory) which has suffered a loss of 64.25 crore ever since its inception.Replying to the discussion on demands for grants to cooperation, Dhavalikar said the government is in talks with the 1,100 farmers who depend on the factory to know their problems. The government, he said, will try to improve the supply of water for irrigation and bring additional land under cultivation.For this purpose, a committee has been set up, which includes the chief engineer of water resources department and the agriculture director. Goa Tourism Development Corporation managing director Nikhil Desai has been appointed administrator.Dhavalikar also mooted the idea of using sugarcane juice to set up a jaggery plant. \"We are exploring this possibility, for which we are in touch with Vasantdada sugar institute, Pune,\" he said.The minister said the production of sugarcane is around 46,000 tonnes which is not sufficient to run the factory. The production should be at least 75,000 tonnes for the factory to be economically viable.He also said the chief minister has assured the farmers to provide incentives if sugarcane production is high.He said a four-member study committee headed by M C Mishra, former central registrar of cooperative societies, has bee appointed to undertake an \"exhaustive study of the cooperative movement in Goa\". It will come out with a roadmap.Opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane also agreed that it has been difficult for farmers to cultivate sugarcane. There is trouble from wild animals straying into plantations from the sanctuaries. That's the reason I have been demanding power fencing, he said. The minister pointed out that Rane had given up cultivating sugarcane for the last two years.On credit cooperative societies, Dhavalikar said the government is working on modalities to streamline the audits and if irregularities are found, action would be taken within 15 days. He said the last government was also responsible for the stagnation in the cooperative sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15068378", "title": "Drunkorexia: US girls skip meals to binge drink", "text": "LONDON: Young women in the US are cutting calories from food in order to binge drink, a research has found. Researchers from the University of Missouri questioned college students and found that 16% of those surveyed reported restricting calories to 'save them' for drinking.The phenomenon known as 'drunkorexia' is most common among university students . The practice is three times more common among women than men, with women reporting they want to lose weight and spend less money getting drunk, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Victoria Osborne, assistant professor of social work and public health said the practice was a toxic combination causing physical and mental damage and putting women at risk of alcoholism.\"Together, they can cause short and long-term cognitive problems including difficulty concentrating, studying and making decisions,\" she was quoted as saying by the paper.Since women metabolize alcohol in a different way than men their vital organs are at more risk, she added.Combining starvation and binge drinking puts young women at risk of developing more serious eating disorders or alcohol abuse problems, as well as in danger of alcohol poisoning , risky sexual behaviour and chronic diseases in later life, the researchers said.The problem has been documented in US universities but it is feared to be becoming worse in Britain with young women feeling pressure to drink heavily yet stay slim.A teenager, who suffers from 'drunkorexia', starves herself throughout the week so that she can binge on alcohol without putting on weight. 18-year-old Nakhara Jacques said that she starved herself all day on Sunday and Monday so that she could drink to excess in what she calls Monday Madness sessions without putting on weight from the calories consumed in the alcohol. In the two and a half years that she has been living like this, her weight has dropped, her hair has started to fall out and her periods have stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15065419", "title": "One killed as car hits divider near Dighori toll plaza", "text": "NAGPUR: A middle-aged man was killed and two others injured after the car they were travelling in met with a mishap after hitting a road divider on Umred road near Dighori toll plaza. According to one of the friends of the mishap victim, the accident occurred due to non-functioning street lights near the toll plaza as the deceased, who was driving the car, could not spot the road divider. Hudkeshwar Police, however, has booked the deceased, Manish Ambagade, for rash driving.According to family members of the deceased, Ambagade left home with his friends, Amol Balpande and one Mahajan around 11pm. After having dinner, he was on his way to drop one of the friends at his Dighori residence. Near Dighori toll plaza, around 12.35am, Ambagade failed to notice the road divider and crashed against it, busting the right wheel of his car. He lost control on the wheels and the car overturned thrice. Ambagade suffered head injuries while his friends escaped with minor bruises.Santosh Sahoo, Ambagade's friend, rushed to the spot on being informed by Balpande and took him to nearby hospital. Sahoo said when he reached the spot, Ambagade was trapped inside the car and unconscious with serious head injuries. Balpande and Mahajan had managed to get out of the mangled car. \"After undergoing treatment for an hour, Ambagade was declared dead around 2.15am by the doctors,\" said Sahoo.Sahoo claimed that when he reached the spot the street lights were not working. It was total dark with only reflectors shining on the road, he said. \"The reflectors might have distracted Ambagade and hence he failed to notice the divider and rammed into it. It's strange that even near the toll plaza, the street lights are not working. Possibility of the car being at high speed is also ruled out as one automatically slows down near the toll plaza,\" said Sahoo.A resident of New Nandanwan Nagar, Manish Ambagade worked as contractor with MSEDCL. He is survived by wife Jyoti, a homemaker, and two school going sons, Tanishq and Aryan.Cops said they have registered an offence against Ambagade and investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15065567", "title": "4 robbers nabbed", "text": "Four robbers, who targeted people walking on railway tracks at night, have been arrested. by the Kurla Government Railway Police (GRP).The accused, Aamir Hayat Khan (22), Abdul Rahim Khan (20), Shahid Shaikh (27) and Mohd Ramzan Shaikh (19), were involved in at least 10 such cases, cops said.On April 23, the gang had robbed cash and two cellphones from a commuter, Devendrakumar Tiwari, 24, after he got off the second-class compartment of a CST-bound slow local and was walking on the tracks at Ghatkopar. A Chembur resident, Tiwari told the police that he had been travelling from Vitthalwadi to Kurla but the train had stopped at a signal at Ghatkopar for too long, prompting him to get off. The robbers had also bashed up Tiwari, before robbing him.\"Tiwari provided us with the IMEI number on his handset. We contacted all cellphone service providers. When a new Sim card was inserted into the stolen handset by the robbers, the IMEI number got automatically reported to the provider. We thus managed to trace all four accused. They are residents of Vikhroli Parksite. A railway court has remanded the accused to police custody,\" a senior GRP official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15068383", "title": "A special struggle for survival", "text": "MANGALORE: They cater to children who need special care, but their pleas for basic requirements seems to have fallen on deaf ears. The lackadaisical attitude of successive governments in the state has left these special schools in the lurch.Of the 300 such schools in Karnataka only 38 get government grants and the long-pending demand of the Karnataka State Association for Special Educators and Supportive Staff (ASESS) to bring more special school under the grant-in-aid category has been ignored by the government. The association's general secretary Vasanth Kumar Shetty said, \"Our neighbouring states like Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra release grants for all special schools.Goa pays salary to special school teachers in accordance with the Sixth Pay Commission's recommendations. However, the managements of majority of the special schools in the state are striving to pool money to run their schools,\" Shetty said.There are two institutions in the state to train special school teachers. \"However, there are not many takers for the course and the total number of persons opting for the course in the two institutes is below 10. Youths are not willing to join the course because they know that the profession is not lucrative and most special schools in the state face financial problems,\" he said.According to the Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act, 1995, all mentally-retarded and disabled children should be given free and compulsory education till they turn 18. The association had planned to hold an indefinite hunger strike in Bangalore from June 27. However, the protest has been called off in the wake of promises made by the department of women and child welfare which has prepared a list of 255 special schools qualified to get government grants. A proposal for 85 crore for the purpose has been sent to the finance department for clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065849", "title": "IAS-like all-India judicial service may get govt nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aiming to infuse young talents to higher judiciary, the government has prepared a Cabinet note to introduce the Indian Judicial Service (IJS) \u2014 an all-India service on the lines of the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) and Indian Police Service (IPS). The proposal is likely to be brought before the Union Cabinet next week for its approval.Sources said the Cabinet note has been prepared by the law ministry and it could be placed before the Cabinet in the next few days, which paves way for selection of candidates on the basis on an all-India exam akin to civil services. The new recruits will be posted as district judges and would have a well-defined career progression to higher courts.The move will also ensure that High Courts and Supreme Court would have younger and bright judges who are promoted to higher judiciary at a much younger age compared to the existing system where recruits join as magistrates and take at least 10 years to become district judge.Introduction of IJS has been in a limbo for close to four decades as many of the states had expressed their reservation citing several reasons. Language issues for judges coming from varied linguistic backgrounds have been cited as one of the reasons behind states' reluctance. States also fear it will be an intrusion on their rights since at present most of them select members of the subordinate judiciary.The Centre has consulted state governments and HCs on the matter for a wider consensus, but objections have been registered by a majority of them \u2014 11 out of 17 HCs \u2014 and seven out of 20 states, who have sent their comments.However, the proposal has been supported by the Law Commission, the first National Judicial Pay Commission and the Committee on Centre State Relations and from the Parliamentary Standing Committee. The UPA may not face problem in implementing its decision once approved by the Cabinet as the Constitutional amendment was made in 1977 to provide for an All India Judicial Service under Article 312 of the Constitution.The Supreme Court, which had initiated the process of consultation with all HCs a few years ago, has been in favour of creating IJS due to large number of pending cases in different courts and also the prevailing trend where many bright law graduates prefer corporate law firms to judiciary. Conducive environment, good remunerative package and better career progression \u2014 like in the IAS and the IPS \u2014 may attract talented professionals to enter the judicial service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15067748", "title": "Travel agent held for running flesh trade", "text": "JALANDHAR: Police on Friday claimed to have arrested a travel agent who was sending young girls to Malaysia and Singapore for working in companies, but after landing there the girls were allegedly forced into flesh trade.Police officers said accused David Hans, 45, admitted that he was part of an international flesh trade racket and had already sent 15 to 20 girls. Two original passports of girls, three photocopies of passports and photographs of 11 girls were also recovered from him. The accused was nabbed after a victim reported the matter to police after returning from Singapore. Cops are now contacting girls whose passports and photographs were recovered apart from girls who had returned from abroad after falling in his net.CIA staff in-charge Kewal Krishan told that the accused used to target girls from poor and lower middle class families. The accused reportedly admitted to police that he targeted girls in the age group of 18 to 25 years and, after convincing them, used to click their photographs and sent them to the \"company\" abroad. After getting the green signal from the racketeers, he would even make an advance payment stating that company had sent advance salary of one month and the amount would range from Rs 30,000 to 40,000, which would reassure the girls and their parents that they had of course been selected for the job, the CIA staff in-charge told.Hans told the police that though he was into this trade for a long time, he escaped any attention as the girls who returned from abroad would not speak up for fear of getting bad name in the society. A victim told the police that when she reached a hotel in Singapore, the address of which was given to her, flesh trade racketeers started negotiations about her with the \"customers\" and she somehow managed to escape from their clutches. Police said he had also sent a minor abroad for pushing her into prostitution.Police sources revealed that accused David revealed name of another person for whom he was working here. He was booked under sections 420 (fraud), 372 (selling a minor for purpose of prostitution) of IPC and Section 24 of Immigration Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15065099", "title": "State to raise third IRB battalion", "text": "PORVORIM: The state government will soon begin recruiting more police personnel to increase the number of police stations in the state from 26 to 32. The government will also raise a third IRB battalion in Goa.This was stated by chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who is also the home minister, in response to a starred question by Margao MLA Digambar Kamat.Kamat urged the government to enhance the police strength at Margao police station to have better control of the law and order situation there. Kamat said that though the sanctioned strength of police sub-inspectors at Margao police station is seven, there are only four PSIs at Margao now.Parrikar candidly admitted that there is presently an acute shortage of constables. He added that despite relieving about 133 constables from VIP security duty, which is about 30% of the VIP security staff, there is still an acute shortage of constables. He had reduced his own police security strength from over 100 to just 17, he said.But the chief minister said that by September-end, the government will have recruited about 920 constables. Also, a third IRB battalion will be raised in the state and the earlier IRB battalions will be augmented with more staff, he said.Parrikar said that the recruitments will help in boosting the government's plans of raising the number of police stations from 26 to 32. Parrikar also said the new police station at Fatorda will have a police force of 80.Responding to a charge that crime had increased in Goa of late, Parrikar said police morale in Goa had reached a nadir in the last three years because even the home minister and his family were involved in controversies. \"Now their morale is improving because they are getting a free hand to do their job,\" Parrikar said.The chief minister said that the apparent increase recently in cases of housebreaking and thefts needs more patrolling. But detection of crimes has increased significantly this year compared to the previous year, Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072427", "title": "DJ Sanj presents Bad Boyz", "text": "After releasing numerous hit singles from the album already, DJ Sanj is set to release his hotly anticipated album 'Bad Boyz' on September 6th 2012.We have already seen a number of singles released from the album including; Tusi Bewafa (Satwinder Birdi), Chugliyan (Jay Status) &amp; the recently released anthem Katal Kare (Jay Status). The album promises to go back to the old DJ Sanj, including some hard hitting desi numbers!Dj Sanj quotes in an interview, \"I will be dropping my album Bad Boyz, which will feature some big-name singers and hardcore anthems for my Bhangra heads and, as promised, a touch of the Old DJ Sanj sound\". Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15068333", "title": "Day\u2019s dark start lifts spirits", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The rumbling thunder and a plenty of rain after a dark morning brought back the cheerful faces on Friday morning. Summer touched the apex and humid weather had made days difficult. Though accumulated rainwater did cause trouble to people hasting to reach their destinations, the cool breeze, which followed, was definitely welcomed. The met department has forecast more showers on weekend.By 5.30pm on Friday, the city received nearly 20.2mm rain. The airport area recorded 43mm showers. Temperature plummeted nearly 3.5 degrees but humidity shot up from 76% on Thursday to 93%, thus more rain likely soon. As for children, it was time to hop, run and play in the rain. Geri routes saw much activity as youngsters hummed their vehicles around. But, things were not so easy for grownups, most of whom sheltered themselves at whatever place they could find, on roads or indoors.Deepali Varma of Sector 8 said, \"Monsoon has been so erratic but now we can hope for good rains.\"Moreover, fashion took a great new turn as people came out flaunting their flashy umbrellas, as put by Spriha Gill, a Class VIII student, \"I bought a white umbrella which had been lying unused. I finally got a chance to use it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15065008", "title": "CM does not favour separate high court", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar opined that setting up a full-fledged independent high court for Goa is not financially viable. However, he said that he is open to discuss the issue with the lawyer fraternity.Replying to a private member resolution moved by Fatorda MLA Vijay Sardesai, which stated that the state of Goa must complete its statehood by having a full-fledged independent high court, Parrikar said that he is open for discussion on the issue and suggested that Sardesai call the South Goa bar council for a meeting to discuss the issue of a separate high court for Goa. The state has a bench of Bombay high court.Speaking on the resolution, Sardesai said that during the Portuguese regime, Goa had an independent high court which was the only high court in Asia. He said that the South Goa bar council is planning to launch a campaign for an independent high court in Goa\"Not having an independent high court in Goa, looks like hypocrisy on the part of the government,\" Sardesai said. He also said that because the high court bench \"is connected with Maharashtra\" we encounter administrative problems in the state.Parrikar said that once it is independent it will get stagnated because we don't have more litigations and in a few years the number of cases will come down. \"If we have an independent high court, then for a very long time there will be only three judges. There would be a problem in rotation of judges,\" Parrikar said, adding that financially there would be a four to five time increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072870", "title": "Katie doesn't want free designer wear for Suri", "text": "Katie Holmes does not want her daughter Suri racking up free designer swag like a Hollywood star.According to Hollywood Life, the 'Dawson's Creek' star often returns freebies sent for the 6-year-old girl from fashion designers.\"Katie has been returning unsolicited gifts and loans from designers for Suri since she arrived in New York,\" the New York Post quoted a source as telling the website.\"She's issued instructions to remove Suri from all freebie lists. She's also put the word out in LA to stop any mini-me diva products being sent her way,\" the source added.Tom Cruise is said to have spoiled Suri.\"Tom loved to spoil Suri and indulge her, but Katie has other ideas,\" a source said.Meanwhile, Holmes own fashion line, Holmes and Yang has seen a boost in sales at Barneys stores after news of her divorce from the 'Mission Impossible' star broke.The collection will be exhibited for the first time at New York Fashion Week this September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "15073683", "title": "Eight trains cancelled on Saturday due to rail mishap", "text": "MUMBAI : Due to the train accident at Kasara on Thursday night and one of the tracks still not being cleared by the administration so far, several trains were cancelled or diverted on Saturday.The trains cancelled were: 11061 LTT-Muzaffarpur Express leaving at 12.15 am, 11401 CSTM-Nagpur Nandigram Express leaving at 4.35 pm,12109 CSTM-Manmad Panchvati Express leaving at 6.15 pm, 11026 Pune-Bhusaval Express leaving at 11.45 am, 22102 Manmad-LTT Rajya Rani Express leaving at 5.25 am, 12118 Manmad-LTT Godavari Express leaving at 8.35 am, 12117 LTT-Manmad Godavari Express leaving at 3 pm and 51154/51153 Bhusaval-CSTM-Bhusaval Passenger.Officials said that the trains which were short terminated on Saturday were : * 12072 Aurangabad-CSTM Janshatabdi Express will be short terminated at Manmad and will return as 12071 from Manmad * 12187 Jabalpur-CSTM Garibrath Express will be short terminated at Nasik Road and will return as 12188 from Nasik Road * 11025 Bhusaval-Pune Express will be short terminated at Nasik Road and will return as 11026 from Nasik Road * 12110 Manmad-CSTM Panchvati Express will be short terminated at Kasbe Sukhane and will return as 12109 from Kasbe Sukhane The diversion of trains on Saturday via Manmad-Daund-Pune-Kalyan were :13201 Rajendranagar-LTT Express, 12321 Howrah-CSTM Mail via Allahabad, 12168 Varanasi-Dadar Express, 12290 Nagpur-CSTM Duranto Express.The re-scheduling of trains on Saturday were : 11093 CSTM-Varanasi Mahanagari Express re-scheduled at 11.30 am, 11057 Dadar-Amritsar Express (of 20.7.2012) re-scheduled at 11.30 am, 12534 CSTM-Lucknow Pushpak Express rescheduled at 11.05 am, 15645 LTT-Guwahati Express rescheduled at 11.30 am and 12859 CSTM-Howrah Gitanjali Express re-scheduled at 6.15 pm, officials stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15067607", "title": "Haryana intel had no clue on Maruti trouble", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's intelligence department, which boasts of two senior officers at its top, had no clue about the trouble brewing in Maruti Suzuki's plant at Manesar township in Gurgaon.The violence at the plant, which claimed the life of a senior executive on Wednesday, has dented the credibility of the state's intelligence gathering mechanism. Labour department of the state has also failed to maintain coordination between the employer and labourers of the country's largest car manufacturing unit. It seems the department has failed to learn lessons from the past experiences when the workers resorted to strike several times.Haryana's intelligence department is headed by P V Rathi, who is principal advisor (home and CID) and ADGP Yashpal Singhal, who is heading the state CID department.Even the police personnel deployed at the plant after a labour unrest in October last also failed to provide information about suspicious activities inside the unit for the past one week.This was exposed when a labour contractor revealed before the cops on Thursday that workers were planning to launch an attack for the past one week.From March 2011 till this week, there were six incidents when the plant witnessed labour unrest and the company had lost over Rs 2,500 crore revenue. Production of 83000 units was hit during the period. And, each time the intelligence department had failed to provide information on the trouble beforehand.According to industry calculations, it is estimated that on an average, the Centre is losing Rs 68,000 per car in the form of excise duty while Haryana loses around Rs 6000 as sales tax. Following closure of the plant after the Wednesday violence, the company's loss per day is around Rs 90 crore.While the state government is busy with damage-control exercises like forming a special investigation team, the Opposition has termed the incident as a total administrative and intelligence failure.BJP legislative group leader in Haryana Anil Vij told TOI that it is the total failure of state government, which could not ensure cordial relations between Maruti management and workers. On intelligence failure, Vij said the government had focused all its intelligence on politicians and virtually failed to protect the industries in the state. \"Once Haryana was known for production of Maruti and now for strikes in Maruti,\" Vij said.INLD leader Ajay Singh Chautala said the government has failed to evolve a mechanism to protect one of the major industrial houses in the state.Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) supremo Kuldeep Singh Bishnoi said the government should be held responsible for the loss of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15065819", "title": "Raj Thackeray's waits through Uddhav's angioplasty", "text": "MUMBAI: Uddhav Thackeray's angioplasty at Lilavati Hospital on Friday \"was successful\", said Dr Samuel Mathew Kalarickal, who along with his team, conducted the operation on the Shiv Sena CEO.Uddhav was admitted to the hospital in the morning, following which a large crowd of sainiks, including senior functionaries, converged on the place. MNS chief Raj Thackeray , along with his wife Sharmila and mother Kunda, were also present at the hospital through the procedure, yet again fuelling speculation over a possible reconciliation between the cousins. It is Sena chief Bal Thackeray who has reportedly asked Raj to be with Uddhav and a large section of the party think that buoyed by the development in the family, the Sena patriarch may work out the details of a Uddhav-Raj patch-up. During the procedure on Friday, Thackeray stayed in constant touch with Raj and other relatives at the hospital. Later in the afternoon, Uddhav spoke to Thackeray over mobile.According to a hospital source, Uddhav is likely to be discharged on Sunday, an information confirmed by senior Sena leader Manohar Joshi while he spoke to reporters. \"Uddhav Thackeray's operation was successful. His health is fine and he will be allowed to go home in a day or two, perhaps on Sunday,\" Joshi said. Dr Kalarickal said Uddhav would be back to work on Monday.After the procedure, Raj and his family left Lilavati but he again called up his cousin in the evening to enquire after his health, a family source said.Declining to discuss the details of the angioplasty, Uddhav's physician Dr Jalil Parker only offered that his \"condition was stable\". Cardiologist Dr Samuel Matthew Kalarickal who performed the angioplasty said, \"Uddhav had blockages in three arteries. We have cleared them using multiple stents. He should be back to work on Monday.\" Another cardiologist from the team, Dr Ajit Menon, added, \"The patient is doing very well.\" Though sources in Matoshree and Lilavati said eight stents were used to remove the blocks in Uddhav's arteries, there was no official confirmation. Each of the stents cost around Rs 1.25 lakh. Sources also said the doctors found another blockage but they decided against stenting it. \"They found the block to be stable. They will monitor his health from time to time and decide on the course of action in future,\" said a source.Uddhav's angioplasty has apparently blurred the differences among party activists. \"Uddhavji has become a rallying point for sainiks. This is crucial as the party is passing through a rough patch,\" a member said. Stating that all party members have a close bond with the Thackeray clan, the Sena functionary said, \"Partymen sink their differences and rally round the family in its hour of crisis. This helps Matoshree revamp the organization and infuse zeal into the rank and file. This is in keeping with the traditional Indian values.\"Raj's presence at Lilavati on Friday yet again fuelled speculation of a possible reconciliation between the two Thackeray cousins. Uddhav and Raj fell out following sharp differences in November 2005. Four months later, Raj floated the MNS and hurled a political challenge at Matoshree.Setting aside political differences, the MNS chief was among the first to be at Uddhav's bedside when the latter was admitted to Lilavati early this week for angiography.Friday's procedure follows Uddhav's angiography, a procedure to find out the extent of blockages in one's arteries, on Monday. The angiography showed multiple blockages across three vessels. While he was advised to undergo a bypass surgery, Uddhav reportedly wanted a minimally invasive procedure like angioplasty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15068334", "title": "Delegation from Kannur visits Mangalore port", "text": "MANGALORE: A high level delegation from North Malabar Chamber of Commerce (NMCC), Kannur headed by its president Vinod Narayan visited the New Mangalore Port (NMP) on Thursday.They had a meeting with the port management, wherein stakeholders including representatives from Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry had fruitful discussions on the possibility of moving import and export cargo through New Mangalore Port.P Tamilvanan, the chairman of New Mangalore Port Trust, while presenting facilities available at the port appealed to the delegation to make use of facilities available at NMP for handling any type of cargo at economical rates. 'He recalled the trade meet conducted in Kannur in February and the follow up action taken so far. Vinod Narayan assured to prevail upon exporters and importers from the Kannur to mobilize the cargo through NMP which is very near to them.Vinod noted that cargo worth Rs 500 crore such as timber, edible oil, scrap, plywood, coir, textiles, which are imported/exported in north Malabar region of Kerala, could be routed through New Mangalore Port after detailed discussion with agents here.After the meeting, the members of the chamber from Kannur were taken around the port area to appraise themselves on the cargo handling operations and infrastructure availability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "", "code": "15065941", "title": "No demolition till ASI submits report: Corporation", "text": ": On the direction of the Delhi high court, North Delhi Municipal Corporation will hand over the disputed site at Subhash Park to Archeological Survey of India (ASI) on Saturday. \"We have asked Delhi Police for adequate security staff while we carry out sealing. We will hand over the land to ASI so that they can conduct a survey to ascertain whether the structure is of historical relevance,\" said Mira Aggarwal, mayor, North corporation. Further action will be taken after ASI's investigation is over.Nobody will be allowed inside the premises during the sealing operation. However, Matia Mahal MLA, Shoaib Iqbal, said that special prayers would continue at the site. \"We will meet senior Muslim clerics and leaders on Friday night to discuss the HC decision. As of now, our plans to have special prayers at the site have not been cancelled. Devotees who have come from neighbouring states will stay in the mosque premises,\" he said.Delhi Police said it would comply with the court's directions to not allow fresh construction in the area.Though ASI had confirmed that the relics discovered at the site belonged to the Mughal era, officials didn't make any statement beyond that on Friday. After the intervention of the high court, ASI has to excavate and study the artefacts, authenticate them and then preserve them. The process is likely to take several months and there are several branches within ASI like Institute of Archaeology or the excavation branch that can be roped in.Meanwhile, North corporation's plan to demolish the fresh construction at the site has been postponed till ASI submits its report. The civic agency also accused DMRC of allowing locals to construct the mosque. \"A few months back, DMRC officials told us that they needed the land for Metro work. Suddenly, they don't want it. They didn't even inform us. Why did DMRC allow locals to carry out construction work,\" asked Aggarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15064826", "title": "Manikgarh mishap: Three officers booked", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Gadchandur police on Friday booked three officers of the construction company in Manikgarh cement factory in connection with Thursday's accident. Two labourers were killed while four others were seriously injured after a heavy fan guard fell upon the labourers. Manikgarh Cement and contractor company SRBH also paid Rs12 lakh as compensation to the kin of deceased labourers.As per reports Chennai-based GEA company has been awarded with the construction contract of power plant in Manikgarh cement factory. GEA company has awarded a subcontract to SRBH company. The deceased and injured labourers in accident were connected to the SRBH company.Offence under relevant sections of law was registered against site in-charge of GEA company, Surendra Yadav, supervisor of SRBH company, Chandrabhan Sharma and shift officer Shakil Ahmad Siddique at Gadchandur police station.State president of BJP, MLA Sudhir Mungatiwar on Friday raised the issue of Manikgarh cement's accident through adjournment motion. He charged the company officers of dereliction in safety norms and demanded their arrest under murder charges for the accident.Manikgarh cement and SRBH company jointly paid Rs12 lakh compensation to kin of deceased Bhaskar Lande on Friday. Company also agreed to pay Rs4,000 per month pension to the family till Lande's teenaged son turns 18. Company's officers gave assurance that later Lande's son will be given job in the factory.Deceased Bramha Yadav's compensation sum will be given to his father who is expected to come here in couple of day from Bihar, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "15068626", "title": "Tumkur officer got chores done by GP assistant", "text": "TUMKUR: A woman IAS officer is in trouble for suspending a village assistant who allegedly doubled as a domestic help at her official quarters. Tumkur assistant commissioner Rohini Sindhuri Dasari suspended village assistant Shivalingamma soon after she went on leave for three days. Rohini allegedly denied her permission despite repeated requests.\"I've been working at madam's house for the past six months but she never allowed me to take leave . I had not attended many of my close relative's weddings and other functions as I had been denied even weekly offs. When I insisted on leave , the officer threatened she'd suspend me . Three days ago when I sought leave to attend a function she refused it,\" Shivalingamma told TOI.Shivalingamma worked in Brammasandra village , but Rohini got her deputed at her official quarters in Tumkur . \"I'd travel from my village early in the morning , reach the quarters to do household chores and go back late in the evening . I'd also take care of Rohini's bedridden mother .Iwas paidRs 3,500 per month ,\"'shesaid .Rohini refutedthe allegations :\"Idid notemploy her as a domestic help . I deputed her to work at the Tumkur taluk office record room , but she was absent for the past ten days . I issued her three notices , but she didn't give a satisfactory reply which forced me to suspend her.\"Tumkur deputy commissioner RK Raju said : \"A village assistant assists the village accountant in gram panchyats . They cannot be transferred or deputed to work in any other place . I've sought a report from the Tumkur tahsildar and based on it, I'll make a recommendation to the government .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15067464", "title": "Traders out on roads in protest against loot, demand protection from CM", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of angry traders came out on roads protesting against the police inaction of failing to nab the miscreants involved in the Generalganj loot incident, where the security guard of a sari centre was shot by the robbers on July 16. The miscreants had looted Rs 18 lakh.The traders kept the shops closed and wore black bands on arms.The Kapra Committee, which had called for the bandh, received support from other businessmen. Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal also supported the strike. The office-bearers of Vyapar Mandal faxed a memorandum to the chief minister.Naughara Kapra Market observed complete bandh. Other prominent markets like Birhana Road, Generalganj, Nayaganj, Sakarpatti observed closure till 2 pm, thereafter the shops opened.The traders took out a procession and raised anti-police slogans.They demanded that the loot incident should be worked out soon. The traders demanded protection from police and administration.\"We have no faith on police and therefore, we will be hiring private security guards,\" said an agitator marching in a the procession.The procession passed through various localities like Generalganj, Naughara, Nayaganj and reached Express road where the ADM city took a memorandum from the traders. The memorandum was addressed to the chief minister, demanding security.Wholesale traders dealing in other trades also participated in the bandh and kept the shops and establishments closed for half day.The jewellery market at Birhana Road and Chowk also remained closed till 1 pm, to protest against the deteriorating law and order situation.Mayor Jagatveer Singh Drona, former mayor Ravindra Patni, BJP MLA Salil Vishnoi and other politicians also reached the venue and supported the traders.The district administration on the other hand assured of nabbing the miscreants within 15 days. The traders also gheraod the district officials. They demanded that the security guard should be given compensation by the state government.The traders told district officials that the business was getting affected due to such incidents of loot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15065347", "title": "Littering plastic may get you fined 5,000", "text": "PORVORIM: Littering plastic may soon get you fined 5,000 or have you spend a month in jail.Environment minister Alina Saldanha on Friday said the government intends to make littering and dumping of plastic in public places punishable by a fine of 5,000 and imprisonment of one month which can be extended or both.She was replying to a resolution moved by Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco seeking a ban on the use of plastic bags in the state and their replacement by jute or biodegradable plastic bags. The resolution also sought a government subsidy for the manufacture of the bags. Saldanha also said the penalty would be doubled for a person caught a second time.She assured Lourenco that his suggestions will be appropriately analyzed by the working and monitoring committee and that the government will analyze the source of availability of jute and biodegradable plastic and cost involved in manufacturing such bags.Speaking on his motion, Lourenco said the government should involve local self-help groups to manufacture jute bags.Saldanha said the suggestion will be examined and the government is determined to execute an action plan after the monsoon. She said the subsidy to manufacture biodegradable plastic bags will be studied and the government is committed to phase out plastic bags over a period of three years. She added that the government will conduct a sensitization programme to create public awareness.Taking part in the discussion, chief minister Manohar Parrikar commended Lourenco for the suggestion and said the government could find a company to advertise on the biodegradable plastic bags thus subsidizing their production. On this assurance the resolution was withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15066533", "title": "HC rejects N D Tiwari's plea to keep his DNA report secret", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday dismissed veteran Congress leader N D Tiwari's plea seeking in camera proceedings on a paternity suit filed against him.Justice Reva Khetrapal said the DNA report would be opened in court July 27 and dismissed Tiwari's plea that the report of his DNA test be kept confidential till the conclusion of the hearing in a paternity suit filed by Rohit Shekhar, who claims to be his son.HC dismissed Tiwari's application saying the Supreme Court's May 24 order to maintain confidentiality was for the purpose of collection of blood sample for the DNA test and the transmission of the report to Delhi High Court but not for the purpose of trial.In his application, 87-year-old Tiwari had claimed that the apex court's order had provided for keeping the DNA report confidential till conclusion of the trial of the paternity suit.\"Direct all concerned to comply with the directions passed by the Supreme Court...and let the DNA report be completely sealed and kept confidential till conclusion of entire trial or alternatively, till reasonable appropriate stage in the suit,\" Tiwari had said in his application.He had given blood sample for the DNA test on May 29 at his residence in Dehradun following a Supreme Court's order in the case.Tiwari also alleged that \"plaintiff (Rohit) and his mother are leaving no stone unturned to get the report unsealed and make it public to attract undue media attention without completion of the trial.\"Earlier Tiwari's pleas were objected to by 32-year-old Delhi youth Rohit Shekhar, who had filed the paternity suit in 2008, claiming the veteran Congress leader to be his biological father.Shekhar contended that Tiwari was adopting \"delaying tactics\" by initiating another round of litigation. The high court, in its April 27 order, had ordered Tiwari to undergo the DNA test in the paternity suit and had also imposed a fine of Rs 25,000 on the veteran leader.Hyderabad-based Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics (CDFD) had recently submitted the DNA reports of Tiwari, Rohit and his mother Ujjawala Sharma to the high court in sealed covers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15076260", "title": "Thick Rap goes viral!", "text": "Google 'Thick Rap' and you will immediately be directed to the latest song video which has been going viral on the net - Thick Rap from the upcoming Malayalam film Cinema Company by Mammas.There is nothing much the video doesn't have, with Kathakali dancers, tribals, Bharatanatyam dancers and 70s style actors and rappers all joining together in a colourful and comical sequence. A special feature is that the director of the film Mammas, singer Alphons as well as the choreographer Sreejith S make their appearance in the video. Sreejith is the dancer in the orange shirt who does some smooth moves around the middle of the video.\"All the dancers are actors in the film. The only thing that director Mammas told me was to create a fun video,\" says Sreejith.\"We never imagined it would become such a hit. The choreography is simple, we just wanted to make it as colourful as possible and added all the fun elements of traditional art forms and children's games. I don't claim it great or my best work or anything!\"One of the reasons why the video came out so good could be that everyone enjoyed it. There were no heavy or complicated moves and they had fun doing it, says Sreejith.The video has so far crossed the 50,000 mark on youtube.Link of the video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v= wq3bkJ7Aspc", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15066099", "title": "Keep PMO out of PILs, orders Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has asked Union ministries to ensure that PMO and cabinet secretariat are not arraigned in court cases over grievances concerning ministries and departments, a directive seen as driven by the chastening experience of the recent past where top UPA institutions including the PMO have been in the dock.The ministries have been told that disposal of government business is their job, and the PMO or the cabinet secretariat cannot be answerable for every query raised for redress or for judicial relief.In a circular, the Centre has underlined that litigants habitually address representations to principal secretary to PM and cabinet secretariat on issues concerning ministries and departments. The risk is that while judicial relief sought on grievances is usually granted, non-compliance results in contempt petitions impleading the principal secretary to PM and cabinet secretariat.To buffer the top institutions, the circular said ministries would henceforth handle representations or petitions sent to PMO or cabinet secretariat, take prompt action and ask the applicants to address future correspondence to them.Further, the ministries have been asked to become party in court cases as respondents and get the names of principal secretary to PM and cabinet secretariat removed as respondents, if the petitions are so filed.The directive comes after top UPA functionaries had to face embarrassment in courts over policy and implementation issues, with observers seeing it as a lesson learnt from the 2G scam. The mega scandal dragged the PMO in its net after petitioners went all out to corner the government.Observers view the circular as a result of recent unhappy experiences that have raised alarm about top offices getting trapped by complaints on government business. The tendency to gun for high offices has lately become the norm, either because of the petitioner's desire to increase leverage with officialdom or for creating sensation, the latter being the gambit of political rivals of the ruling party.In fact, the fears have been reinforced by the vocal action by civil society, which is looking at the big picture of putting the government in the dock than bothering about the nitty gritties of ministerial jurisdiction.Seeking to shield the PM and the cabinet secretariat, the circular has invoked the GoI (Allocation of Business) Rules, 1977, to make it plain to ministries/departments that government business is their baby, implying that they should handle the grievances/petitions.It says, \"The matter has been examined... the primary responsibility for the disposal of government business rests with ministries and departments concerned in terms of the GOI (Allocation of Business) Rules, 1977; except to the extent the business is specifically allocated to the cabinet secretariat or PMO.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15064260", "title": "Police bust opium racket, arrest kingpin", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Acting on a tip off, a police team seized over 10 kgs of opium and 200 kgs of Doda Powder (drug derived from husks) worth over Rs 1 crore on Thursday night from Panchmadav locality of Barhi.\"We have arrested the kingpin of the racket, Santosh Pandit, resident of Kariyatpur panchayat, from his house. The drug was stocked in the basement of Pandit's residence,\" said SP Manoj Kaushik.The SP said the arrested culprit confessed before the police that he was supplying opium to Bihar , Orissa and the other states of the country.Of late, he was receiving information about illegal transaction of opium from Ichak, Barhi and Chouparan and accordingly set up an intelligence team to gather information about the bulk supplier of the drug and their operations. The SP further said, on the basis of information provided by the arrested smuggler, the police raided more godowns and seized bags of opium.In another incident, police also seized eight vehicles loaded with illegally mined coal from Barhi, Bishnugarh and Charhi, said the SP.He further said that three persons in Barhi including the driver and owner of the vehicle were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15066349", "title": "Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited chief meets govt officials", "text": "JAIPUR: Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited ( HPCL) chairman S Roy Choudhury along with his delegation met the state government officials on Friday. During the meeting company officials informed the government about their plans to set up the refinery at Barmer.\"The company gave us a broad picture of the project during the meeting,\" said CK Mathew, chief secretary. During the meeting it was decided that the company will appoint a consultant to find the overall costing, what government can offer and how much the company can put in. \"The consultant will draw the detailed strategy on how the finances would be arranged. The report will be submitted in September or October. Only after receiving that report can something concrete be done,\" said a company official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15064403", "title": "Left goes to Writers' with price protest", "text": "KOLKATA: Left Front MLAs on Friday went to Writers' Buildings to criticize the state government for its inability to check spiraling prices of vegetables. They alleged that farmers were not getting proper prices for their produce. Drawing the attention of agriculture minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya, they demanded a revision of the minimum support price of jute. They also criticized the government for its failure to curb adulteration of milk and use of chemicals for growing vegetables.The MLAs met the agriculture minister and complained to him about the farmers' plight. In the past one year, Left leaders have rarely been to the state secretariat. On Friday, they chose to visit the secretariat to voice their protest. In order to take their protest against the present government to the media, they chose to hold a press conference inside the secretariat.Former panchayat minister Anisur Rehman complained that though he had been seeking time from the chief minister to meet her, he was not granted an appointment. \"I sought her appointment twice, but it was not granted,\" he fumed.Rehman, who led the delegation on Friday, said they met the agriculture minister demanding a revised minimum support price for jute growers. He claimed that the jute growers were getting low price and wanted the state government to write to the Centre so that the state be given permission for purchasing jute. \"The middlemen were forcing the farmers to sell their produce at a cost lower than the production cost and they were selling it at three to four times to production cost and thus amassing profit,\" he added.Rahman said that the state government must reduce the role of middlemen as the farmers are suffering a lot for them. The LF leaders also said that the adulteration of milk was going on unchecked.However, the agriculture minister later said that the jute price has been fixed by the Centre and the Jute Corporation of India was involved in purchasing jute from the farmers. Arup Roy, minister of agriculture marketing, added that he will direct the task force for curbing the role of middlemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15076397", "title": "Baburaj might turn into a full time chef", "text": "Ever since Salt N' Pepper released in 2011, life has taken a new turn for actor Baburaj, who played the first comic role as 'Cook Babu' in the film. \"Whenever a restaurant with the name Salt N' Pepper is opened, I'm invited to inaugurate it. I've inaugurated nearly five of them all over Kerala,\" says the actor. He has also been invited by several TV channels to host cookery shows but he is unable to take up any such commitment now, as he is busy in Mollywood. When the time is right, he might seriously turn to them, says the actor.But then, he feels confident enough to play a chef's role in real life as he is a foodie and a cook himself. \"I'm a person who believes that men are better at cooking than women. Times have changed; it is no longer a matter of shame for a man to enter the kitchen.\"Right from his childhood, he was interested in cooking, he recalls. \"In fact, while at college, we used to spend all our evenings at Pai Dosa in Kochi, which was then just a small shed. Now friends ask me to cook my special dishes for them. I specialise in non vegetarian dishes.\" It was the common love for food which led to the blossoming of a romance between actress Vani Viswanath and him, he remembers. \"I used to bring biryani to the sets which Vani relished. We got talking and that's how we got to know each other.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15067737", "title": "Question paper on Facebook; Anna University orders probe", "text": "CHENNAI: Getting a question paper a day before the examination is a surprise. But what if you get it on a social networking site? Many students of computer science, information technology, electronics and communication engineering and bio-medical engineering of Anna University couldn't believe their eyes when they received on June 28, on a Facebook page, the question paper for the next day's exam. It was the last paper of the second semester.M Sekar, member of the convenor committee of Anna University and dean, college of engineering, Guindy, said an internal probe had been ordered into the leak. Confirming reports that the leak had led to the announcement of a retest on July 31, Sekar said the ECE students were badly affected. \"We have taken all measures to avoid long delays in the evaluation and results,\" he said.He said the inquiry had found that the students received the question paper through different media. \"It reportedly first appeared on an online education forum. Many received it by e-mail in PDF format. There are reports that the paper was also available through Facebook and SMS,\" he said.On Thursday, the university had written to all affiliated colleges seeking a re-test of the June 29 'Electronic Device and Circuits' (EDC) exam on July 31. Sekar said the re-test was likely to affect final year students awaiting arrear clearances of the EDC.For the re-test, Sekar refused to say which printing press had been given the work. \"Normally, the question papers are printed by the controller of examinations department at a 'highly confidential' printing facility. After printing, the sealed question sheet packs are sent to the exam centres where they will be opened on the exam day,\" he said.The principal of a leading self-financing college in the city said the leaked papers that appeared online had exam codes. \"That proves that the leak was a deliberate attempt by someone. Some of my students were really surprised. Since EDC is a comparatively tougher paper, producing the most arrears, nobody believed it until they saw the paper the next morning,\" he said.On Thursday, the university had written to all affiliated colleges seeking a re-test of the June 29 'Electronic Device and Circuits' (EDC) exam on July 31", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15066077", "title": "Unidentified gunmen kill doctor working with WHO in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Unidentified gunmen shot and killed a doctor working for the World Health Organisation in the Pakistani port city of Karachi on Friday, three days after a foreign consultant for the UN agency was injured in a shooting.The doctor, identified as Ishaq Kakar, was shot dead by the gunmen near Sohrab Goth area of Karachi, officials said.Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf strongly condemned the killing of the doctor, saying his killers were the enemies of religion, the country and humanity.He said their barbarism is evident from the fact that they did not have any regard for the Islamic holy month of Ramzan that began on Friday.Ashraf directed the Sindh government to ensure the safety of people working to help the poorest of the poor.On July 17, two staff of the WHO, including a Ghanaian national, were injured when unidentified gunmen fired at a UN vehicle near a polio vaccination camp in Sohrab Goth area.The attacks came in the wake of threats from the Taliban against a campaign to immunise 34 million children against polio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15068376", "title": "Court orders life term for Whisky, 6 others", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the case wherein a city-based financier was shot dead by Davinder Singh alias Whisky in his office in the Sector-20 market, a local court sentenced seven accused including Whisky to life imprisonment. Whisky was given another three years under the Arms Act.The crime took place on November 25, 2009, when Whisky and his six accomplices went to financer Harjinder Singh Dhillon's workplace and following an altercation, Whisky shot Dhillon with a .32-bore revolver. This happened in the presence of an employee and the killers escaped.Cops had announced a cash reward to anybody reporting Whisky's whereabouts and the murderer was arrested on December 11, 2009, from Khanna. Prior to this, his accomplices - Manpreet Singh alias Manu of Fatehgarh Sahib, Surinder Singh alias Maana, Amrik Singh and Kuldeep Singh of Ludhiana were nabbed.On December 8, two others - Munish Sharma of Fatehgarh Sahib and Ravinder of Khanna were caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15076879", "title": "New iPhone app sends digital content with 'chirp'", "text": "LONDON: A distinctly electronic twittering is the sound of a new iPhone application that might change the way we share information with each other.Chirp, which has been recently launched, is a new service that allows people to share digital content like web pages, pictures or video, by playing short tunes to each other.It works much like any other social media service used to upload whatever you want to share, but Chirp notifies other people about what you have shared - it turns information about your upload into a sequence of 20 musical notes, played rapidly through your phone's speaker, which can be heard and decoded by any other Chirp-equipped device within earshot.That device then retrieves the shared information and displays your picture accordingly.While there are already numerous ways for people to swap stuff, Patrick Bergel, chief executive of Chirp creator Animal Systems, argues that sound is more intuitive and informal.Since \"chirps\" carry like speech, he says, we instinctively understand their use and their limitations much as we understand how to participate in a spoken conversation.Bergel also points out that devices capable of playing and recording sound are both more plentiful and less expensive than gadgets built to use alternatives like NFC, the electronics industry's emerging standard for sharing between devices.\"It's an interesting door opening, this use of sonic signalling - using sound to alert us in a more subtle way than a beep,\" New Scientists quoted Julian Treasure, chairman of The Sound Agency, an audio design consultancy, as saying.\"There's a little bit of protocol in the real world which is quite important. If you speak to me, we understand that we've entered into a social contract. But sound that you haven't given permission to receive is noise, and generally unwelcome,\" he said.Making the chirps sound pleasant took some careful sound design.According to Animal Systems developer, Dan Jones , the smartphone-generated chirps sound \"birdish\" rather than birdlike.Bergel said that while earlier attempts sounded more lifelike \"I made a pretty passable wren\", test users found them creepy, much as robotic attempts to recreate human behaviour can fall foul of the so-called uncanny valley.Making them work in practice was another challenge. Sharing needs to work in noisy, social environments and it's easy for a chirp to get drowned out by background noise, particularly in echo-prone spaces like hard-surfaced cafes and bars.So half of each chirp comprises an error-correcting code that ensures the message is received accurately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065684", "title": "Now, forgers shift focus to Rs 1,000 notes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Counterfeiters are increasingly pushing fake notes of higher denominations into the market, with a 54% rise in detection of fake Rs 1,000 notes in the banking sector, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said. The total value of fake currency seized by banks in 2011-12 amounted to Rs 24.7 crore.In an RTI reply, the RBI said the number of counterfeit notes detected by banks increased to 5.21 lakh pieces in 2011-12 from 4.35 lakh the previous year, an increase of approximately 20%. The data shows that maximum counterfeit notes were detected in the Rs 500 denomination followed by Rs 100 notes. As per the RBI reply, there was 23% increase in the detection of fake Rs 500 notes.These fake notes exclude the counterfeit currency seized by security forces and other government agencies. Sources said the quantum of counterfeit currency outside the banking system would be much higher. The information supplied by the RBI also shows that there was a major dip in detection of fake currency between 2004-05 and 2006-07. After this period, there was major increase in banks detecting fake notes.The trend indicates that circulation of fake notes in the Rs 10, Rs 20 and Rs 50 denominations has been coming down. RBI records show that the counterfeiters have shifted focus from Rs 100 notes to Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 ones. There has been continuous decline in detection of Rs 100 counterfeit notes. While 1.42 lakh such notes were detected in 2009-10, the number decreased to 1.24 lakh and 1.23 lakh in the next two fiscals.In reply to activist Subhash Agrawal's query on the average life of notes of each denomination, RBI said, \"No study has been done so far in this regard. However, conventional wisdom indicates that small denomination banknotes have a lower average life than banknotes in higher denominations - Rs 100, 500, 1,000.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15066271", "title": "Rahul Gandhi's dual rule to make him Congress mascot for 2014 polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress said Rahul Gandhi could have a foot both in the government and the organization, a leg-up for the heir apparent that would remove any ambiguity about his being the party mascot for 2014 contest.A day after Rahul said he will soon make the big leap out of his limited organizational responsibility and was open about working in the party and the government, AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi indicated it need not be an either or situation and cited instances of dual responsibility among party workers.\"We have a number of party colleagues, who are both minister as well as general secretary or in-charge of states (in AICC). The option is open. It can be either government or party or even both,\" Dwivedi said.Rahul added an urgency to his impending elevation, saying the timing would be decided by the PM and the Congress chief.While Rahul's statement stirred the political pot, the speculation about his assignment has gripped Congress ranks.The possibility of Rahul taking dual charge in both the party and the government, as hinted by Dwivedi, has added another dimension to the debate centred on the heir apparent. Such a strong elevation for Rahul would mark a strong move toward transition in the party. It also appears to have come as a relief to the party that was beginning to worry about the leadership issue for the 2014 elections.Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajeev Shukla said, \"Party workers are thrilled that Rahul Gandhi has agreed to shoulder greater responsibility. His involvement with the affairs of the party and the government would be a source of strength. As for the specific role that he might play, he has himself indicated that it is to be worked out by the congress chief and the prime minister.\"However, a top party functionary said no decision has been taken yet on his future role.An overwhelming majority believes the young leader would prefer a bigger role in the party and then position himself as the brain behind policy issues that have resonance with voters.Rahul was credited with nudging UPA-I over social schemes like MGNREGA, which was part of the larger script to give him an aam aadmi face. His visits to dalit homes and his repeated advocacy of the poor positioned him for the broader theme against the India Shining construct of NDA.The talk about his joining the government has surprised insiders, who have seen him as a reluctant minister. The unsettled nature of UPA-II, reinforced by NCP revolt barely after Trinamool Congress softened its hostility, makes it risky for Rahul to join the government and, inevitably, be seen as its mascot.Still, if he joins UPA-II, Congressmen say he would prefer a portfolio that would identify him with either welfare programmes or with youth.A senior functionary said that no final decision had been taken on his assignment.The debate over Rahul Gandhi's stepping out of his limited organizational role, as in-charge of AICC's youth outfits, started when law minister Salman Khurshid recently said that his reluctance on leadership issue had put Congress \"in waiting\" mode.AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh intensified the speculation by announcing that heir apparent would assume a bigger responsibility in September, a definitive timeline which alerted the party and the public at large that a decision may have been taken.Though Rahul's confirmation on Thursday settled the debate on his bigger role, it has triggered another about his assignment.Insiders say the biggest implication of Rahul stepping up on the plate would be the part-finalization of the star cast for 2014. The Gandhi scion is set to be the Congress face for Lok Sabha sweepstakes, a move which could nudge BJP to rethink its present reluctance to name a PM candidate.While the saffron outfit has been the prime proponent of turning the Lok Sabha contest into a US style Presidential battle, the competing claims of its ambitious GenNext have raised the possibility of saffron outfit jettisoning the plan.Observers have been speculating about Lok Sabha battle turning into a 'Rahul Gandhi vs. Narendra Modi' contest. The Gujarat CM has barely hid his ambitions and the upcoming Gujarat polls could be the precursor to a bitter scrap in 2014.Modi's another victory in assembly polls, where Rahul is sure to be the Congress's star campaigner, would stoke his central ambitions further, while an upset by the Congress would shatter many assumptions across the political spectrum besides snuffing out the candidature of the Hindutva strongman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15067466", "title": "Captain Lakshmi Sahgal put on ventilator", "text": "KANPUR: Captain Lakshmi Sahgal, undergoing treatment at a hospital following a cardiac arrest, was put on ventilator after her condition deteriorated further on Friday afternoon.The 97-year-old revolutionary of the Independence movement is also popularly known as a commander of Subhash Chandra Bose's Azad Hind Fauj or Indian National Army. She is a Padma Vibhushan awardee, besides a presidential candidate and a compassionate medical doctor. Captain Lakshmi Sahgal was admitted to the ICU of KMC Hospital on Thursday morning after she had suffered a cardiac arrest at her residence in Civil Lines area of the city.Dr Santosh Kumar, who is closely monitoring her condition, told TOI that she was improving and responding well to medication till Thursday. But her condition suddenly started deteriorating since Friday morning. The blood pressure and oxygen level dipped alarmingly. Her low blood pressure continued to be a cause of worry. \"We had put her on a ventilation support to push up her blood pressure,\" Dr Kumar said.\"There is no sign of improvement in Captain Sahgal's condition and it is deteriorating. We can say that she has slipped into a deep consciousness stage. Every moment is crucial now. All will depend on how she responds to treatment,\" Dr Kumar added.Lakshmi Sahgal's daughter Subhashini Ali said that a team of doctors is constantly monitoring her mother's condition. \"Doctors say that my mother's condition had deteriorated and now she is very critical. She has been put on a ventilator following low oxygen level and blood pressure,\" Subhashini said.Captain Lakshmi Sahgal's grandson and a noted filmmaker Shaad Ali, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat and CPM politburo member Brinda Karat have arrived in the city on Thursday evening to inquire about her health.In her early days, Lakshmi participated actively in nationalist programmes of burning of foreign goods, including her own clothes and toys and picketing of liquor vends.Narrating her mother's contribution in the Independence struggle, Subhashini Ali said: \"Things started moving very fast with the arrival of Subhash Chandra Bose in Singapore on July 2, l943. Almost in all his public meetings, Netaji spoke of his determination to raise a women's regiment, Rani of Jhansi regiment, which would also fight for Independence and make it complete. On the 5th of July, he spoke to a few League members and inquired whether there was any Indian woman in Singapore who would be suitable for the task of leading such a regiment. League members suggested my mother's (Lakshmi's) name. Netaji insisted on knowing more about her. A meeting was held the same night. As soon as he put forth his proposal, she accepted it without hesitation and later started preparations for the formation of the Rani of Jhansi Regiment of the Azad Hind Fauj or Indian National Army.\"In a very short time, a well-trained fighting force of women came into existence. On October 21, l943, when the provisional government of Azad Hind was announced, Lakshmi was the sole woman member of its cabinet.The `Rani of Jhansi Regiment' was on active duty on the front. Lakshmi was given the rank of Colonel , although she remained popular as 'Captain Lakshmi' both militarily and on the medical front. She played a heroic role not only in the fighting but during the days when INA personnel were hunted by the victorious British troops and saved many lives because of her courage and devotion. She was finally captured and brought to India on March 4, l946 where she received a rousing welcome. The British authorities realised that keeping her as a prisoner would be counter-productive and she was released.After her release, Captain Lakshmi campaigned tirelessly for the freedom. She travelled the length and breadth of the country and was able to collect huge funds for the INA soldiers and also mobilise people against the Britishers.In March 1947, Lakshmi married Prem Kumar Sahgal in Lahore . Sahgal was the son of Justice Achhru Ram Sahgal, a member of the Punjab High Court bench. After marriage, they settled in Kanpur.In the Industrial city, Lakshmi plunged into her medical work immediately because the influx of refugees started even before August l947. She worked hard for them for several years. Later, she established a small maternity home in a hired premises where it continues till today. Her dedication for serving poor and needy is legendary in the city, Subhashini added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15076721", "title": "NCP ire makes Maharashtra CM cancel Delhi trip", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan, under attack from ally NCP, today cancelled his visit to Delhi.Chavan, who had gone to Nagpur to inaugurate the National Institute of Intellectual Property Management, was scheduled to leave for Delhi from there in the afternoon.However, instead of going to Delhi, he flew back to Mumbai, sources said.When contacted, a spokesperson for the chief minister said that Chavan had cancelled his Delhi visit but declined to disclose the reason.While flagging the issue of lack of coordination between constituents of Centre's ruling UPA, senior NCP leader and Union minister Praful Patel had said the situation in Maharashtra, where the two parties are in power, was no different.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15067339", "title": "Surtis dump Olympics for India-SL series", "text": "SURAT: Besides cheaper air tickets and accommodation, Olympics beginning on July 27 make UK a tourist destination this time of the year.But sports lovers from Surat are dumping London for Sri Lanka and preparing to enjoy India's cricket tour to the island nation.\"Generally, travelling to the UK is cheaper in this time of the year. But due to Olympics, the air fares and hotel charges are higher than the peak season prices now. In comparison, two people can fly to Sri Lanka, watch cricket matches live and enjoy holidays on its beautiful beaches,\" said Maulik Shah, who is packing his bags for a five-day trip to Sri Lanka with his family.Besides Olympics jacking up air fares and accommodation costs, the possibility of visa cancellations due to security threat in London is also discouraging Surtis. Tourists are considering the cost of visa application, which is Rs 7,000 per person and multiplies for the family. Due to terror threat, tourists fear that the chances of refusal would be higher for those who are not able to provide required papers.\"I was refused visa for China tour in first attempt prior to the Olympics that were held in Shanghai. In fact, I had visited China several times in past on business trips and was hopeful of getting the visas. This time same is the situation in case of the UK,\" said Harshad Patel, a trader.Joy Thaker of J K Travel House said, \"There are inquiries for the UK, but we are not encouraging the tourists. In fact, the number of inquiries is higher for Sri Lanka as tourists can plan a visit in short time.\"\"I had planned to go to London to watch Olympics earlier, but considering the time required for visa, air fare and hotel charges, I dropped it. I purchased a Sri Lanka package for two people in less than Rs 1 lakh and I will get to see two matches at the beach cities of Hambantota and Colombo,\" said Shailesh Boricha, a baker.\"There are inquiries but customers are not coming forward to book tour plans for London. It seems that there are not many Olympic lovers from the city,\" said Raju Choksi, managing director of ACE Tours.India starts its Sri Lanka tour from Saturday during which the two countries will play five one-days (ODIs) and one T20 match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15067349", "title": "Low performance in engineering colleges: Two colleges cleared from low performance list", "text": "KOCHI: The names of two colleges were ordered to be expunged from the Kerala high court's order suggesting that self-financing engineering colleges with poor pass percentage should be closed down.A division bench comprising of Justice C N Ramachandran Nair and Justice Babu Mathew P Joseph directed for removal of the names of Younus College of Engineering run by Fathima Memorial Educational Trust at Kollam and Musaliar College of Engineering and Technology at Pathanamthitta from the order on June 28 that held that All India Council for Technical EducationAICTE should consider revoking affiliations granted to colleges with poor performance. Based on the report filed by a seven-member expert committee, the court had held that AICTE should consider withdrawing affiliations given to self-financing engineering colleges with pass percentage below 40. On Friday, the two colleges filed interim applications to the court, pointing out that their pass percentage is above 40 and, therefore, their names should be removed.In the application filed through advocate K P Geethamani,Younus college also submitted that members of the expert committee didn't verify or make any enquiries about the pass percentage but only enquired about infrastructural facilities at the college. They also told the court that the expert committee seems to have included the name of Younus college based on wrong information given by Kerala University.As per the application filed by Younus college, they had pass percentage above 50 for 2007-11, 2006-10, 2005-09 batches while the percentage for 2003-07 and 2002-06 was 75. The application by Musaliar college through advocate M R Sabu was allowed by the court with a direction to improve performance in mechanical, civil, and electrical branches. The court's order stated that performance at the college has been going down every year. The college application stated their pass percentage as 48 during 2010-11, 38 for 2009-10, and 37 for 2008-09.Names of two colleges were ordered to be expunged from the Kerala High Court's order suggesting that self-financing engineering colleges with poor pass percentage should be closed down.Division bench comprising of Justice CN Ramachandran Nair and Justice Babu Mathew P Joseph directed for removal of the names of Younus College of Engineering run by Fathima Memorial Educational Trust at Kollam and Musaliar College of Engineering and Technology at Pathanamthitta from the order on June 28 that held that All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) should consider revoking affiliations granted to colleges with poor performance.Based on the report filed by a seven-member expert committee, the court had held that AICTE should consider withdrawing affiliations given to self-financing engineering colleges with pass percentage below 40.On Friday, the two colleges filed interim applications to the court, pointing out that their pass percentage is above 40 and, therefore, their names should be removed.In the application filed through advocate KP Geethamani, Younus college also submitted that members of the expert committee didn't verify or make any enquiries about the pass percentage but only enquired about infrastructural facilities at the college. They also told the court the expert committee seems to have included the name of Younus college based on wrong information given by Kerala University.According to the application filed by Younus college, they had pass percentage above 50 for 2007-11, 2006-10, 2005-09 batches while the percentage for 2003-07 and 2002-06 was 75.The application by Musaliar college through advocate MR Sabu was allowed by the court with a direction to improve performance in mechanical, civil, and electrical branches. The court's order had stated that performance at the college is only getting reduced from year to year.The college's application stated that their pass percentage was 48 for academic year 2010-11, 38 for 2009-10, and 37 for 2008-09.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15073105", "title": "Kalam's Facebook page crosses one million fans", "text": "KOLKATA: Within a few months of debuting on the social networking website, former President Dr APJ Abdul Kalam's Facebook page is now followed by more than a million people all over the world.Ever since it was launched in February, 81-year-old Kalam has been regularly posting his thoughts, ideas, travel experiences and photographs on the official page at www.facebook.com/OfficialKalam.\"Thank you friends... we are now one million strong community...lets keep spreading great ideas, dreams and actions,\" India's 'Missile Man' wrote in his last post today.As part of his mission to make India a developed nation before 2020, he has been posting new ideas for the youth of the nation to get inspired, connect and evolve.\"I would like to ask all of you to give one smile to someone everyday. In that way, we can generate one million smiles in the nation every day. Also appreciate someone else for his or her goodness from today onwards,\" Kalam said in a message.On Facebook, the Bharat Ratna awardee has been sharing unique moments of his life, his interaction with people and achievers, success stories and celebrating the success of fellow Indians who contribute to the development of the nation.To connect with the youth, Kalam maintains a personal website, shares videos on YouTube and writes blogs.Now he is heading the Kalam Foundation which is working for development and reforming education in the nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15064960", "title": "BJP forcing party membership on people seeking Laadli scheme: Cong", "text": "Porvorim: BJP MLAs are making it a pre-condition for citizens to fill BJP membership forms before handing out Laadli Laxmi application forms, the opposition Congress MLAs alleged on Friday.The chief minister Manohar Parrikar refuted the charge saying that he cannot help it if people themselves are asking for BJP membership forms. Refuting suggestions of discrimination, Parrikar said that the ruling side MLAs were \"originators of the scheme\" and therefore knew when the first lot of forms came out. BJP MLAs were therefore first to get the forms, he said.Parrikar also said that the second lot of application forms are being printed and will be given to all MLAs in the first week of August.Parrikar also said that around August 10, the forms will also be available in the banks notified for the scheme so that citizens can obtain them much easily.The issue was discussed during question hour in a starred question by Taleigao's Congress MLA Jennifer Monserrate.The chief minister sought to allay fears that non-BJP MLAs would not get the forms by saying that citizens can apply for the scheme up to 180 days from the notification of the scheme. He said the scheme itself will be notified in a day or two and that money will only be released in August. The actual charge that BJP membership is a precondition to getting the Laadli Laxmi scheme came from St Cruz MLA Atanasio Monserrate with Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai demanding that this condition be removed. Parrikar said that if MLAs sign the form, it will be accepted directly without any other verification. But it is not a precondition that MLAs have to sign the form. He also said that any MLA can sign the form for citizens of any constituency as it will be deemed as verified by a MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15067608", "title": "Youth ends life over threat calls", "text": "Nashik: A 23- year-old resident of the Savarkar nagar area, Vilas Lilke, committed suicide at a friend's place in Mumbai on Tuesday, reportedly after receiving threats on his mobile phone. While the Mumbai police have registered a case, the victim's friends insisted that the Gangapur police register the complaint instead.A senior police inspector at the Gangapur police station, Shashikant Mahajan, said that they had registered a non cognizable offence and the application filed by the Lilke's friends would be sent to Mumbai police who will be investigating the case.Lilke who worked at a cyber cafe in Gangapur Road, got a call on his mobile on Sunday from an individual who threatened to kill Lilke, the victim's friends alleged.Shocked by the threat calls mobile, Lilke left for Mumbai on Monday evening and met a friend who resided in Parel, the next day. Lilke's friends also alleged that Vilas had spoken to this friend in Mumbai about the threats.After his friend left for work, Lilke hung himself from the ceiling fan in his room at his friend's home.The Gangapur police said that there were procedural difficulties in getting the case registered in Nashik, since the crime was committed in Mumbai, but they did register a non-cognizable offence in Nashik against the unidentified person who was making the threat calls.The deceased is survived by his parents a sister and a brother. On Thursday evening, the deceased family refused to perform last rites until the Nashik police registered a complaint against the person who had threatened Vilas.ACP Ganesh Shinde also arrived at Gangapur police station to explain to the kin, procedural conduct in such cases. Lilke's last rites were performed late in the evening on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15067852", "title": "Fans take cue from stars, visit exotic locales", "text": "CHENNAI: Three friends undertake a road trip through Spain, a soul-searching and exhilarating journey. Cruising through picturesque locales they do deep-sea diving in Costa Brava, bull run in Pamplona, sky diving in Seville and the La Tomatina festival in Bunol. Sounds familiar? Last year's release 'Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara' had all of this and more. The movie's successful run has not only had the cash registers ringing, but also got tour operators rubbing their hands with glee.Tour operators say they are receiving several enquires about destinations where some of the recent movies were shot. Speaking to the TOI on the sidelines of the International Travel Mart here on Friday, Rohit Hangal, director of Sphere Travel Media said: \"Movies tempt people to go to places where they are filmed.\"Statistics show that 14 million Indians go abroad every year and the tourism industry is expecting the number to rise to 18 million. Nearly 5.5 million foreigners visit India every year. Hangal said many movies also promote domestic destinations. For instance, Goa became even more popular among youngsters after the release of 'Dil Chahta Hai.'\"After watching 'Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara,' I wanted to go to Spain. The locales looked amazing,\" said Sangeetha Ramkrishnan, a travel bug from Chennai. Many others are keen on uploading pictures of theirs in locations shown in films on social networking sites. Jitendra J Chacha, a Mumbai-based film location consultant said that there is always a special interest for the audience to go places where their favorite movie was shot. \"Countries like UK, USA, Canada, Thailand, Malaysia, Mauritius, South Africa, Dubai and Turkey offer 15-20% tax concessions for film shootings,\" Chacha said.Jitendra said, however, shooting in the UK and Australia is costly. \"Filmmakers always try to explore new locations. Malaysia is now the pet location for Tamil filmmakers, he said.\" He said his firm has arranged shooting locations for films including 'Players' (Russia, New Zealand), 'Cocktail' (UK) and 'Thank You' (Canada).There seems to be another connect between tourist destination of Indians and movies. \"We have also noticed that there is a rise in the number of tourists to Thailand. Every year, nearly seven lakh Indians visit Thailand, where more than 500 Indian films have been picturised,\" said Hangal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15070247", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan edges Ajay Devgn out of theatres", "text": "This Diwali, Ajay Devgn and Shah Rukh Khan will lock horns at the box office. Thanks to the makers of Son Of Sardar and Yash Chopra's directorial venture who scheduled the release of their films on November 14.And though it is still a few months before the firecrackers go off,TOI has learnt that the war has already begun. In fact, if sources are to be believed, Khan has already won half the battle. The latest buzz in the trade is that distributors were told to book the same number of screens for Yash Chopra's film as for Salman Khan's Ek Tha Tiger.In simple words, more than half the theatres will be playing SRK's film, leaving Devgn little room at the ticket window. Akshaye Rathi a fourth generation exhibitor and distributor tweeted, \"Yashji's film has already been signed for all the cinemas across India which is playing Ek Tha Tiger . That takes away the best ones!\" A source from a leading theatre in the city agreed, \"When there are stars like SRK and Ajay involved, that too when it's a Diwali release, it becomes a tough call for us. When we are asked to give one film as many shows as Salman's solo release, we are in a fix. Because here we have two big stars and two big films to showcase. However, SRK and Yashji's film will take more shows both in multiplexes and single screen theatres.\"Another multiplex chain head told us, \"Firstly, being a SRK-Yashji combo, one can safely assume maximum shows will go to that film. It will approximately be a 70:30 ratio. And it is a practice that is followed by few producers when they have big releases back to back.\" Trade expert Taran Adarsh said, \"When big films release on the same date, there is always a battle to get the maximum space. But at the same time, two films can easily coexist.However, if producers have already had a word with distributors in terms of blocking slots in advance, things may be different. Here, if Yashji's film gets as many shows as Ek Tha Tiger - a solo Eid release, then be it in India or overseas, Ajay's film even as big as this one, will have to fight a harder battle.\" When contacted, YRF's spokesperson said, \"YRF has been dealing with the same theatre owners through our distribution offices over the last 40 years and all of them would be more than happy to screen a Yash Chopra film, coming after a gap of eight years, without any reservation.\" Devgn, however, remained unavailable for comment.Listen Shah Rukh Khan's superhit songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15067615", "title": "Sharp showers bring in some relief to Queen of hills", "text": "SHIMLA: Sharp showers on Friday in the Queen of hills provided some relief from the lull in the monsoon which had been prevailing in Shimla and its surrounding areas.Dense fog prevailed in morning in hills reducing visibility which made it difficult for vehicles to ply.The mercury dipped to 23.5 degrees on Friday.The scanty rainfall had set farmers and apple growers worrying, as the temperature on Thursday had shown a rise to 27 degrees, 5.9 notches above the normal and was 24 degrees on Wednesday.According to met director Manmohan Singh , \"The state has received nearly 50% rainfall from June 1 onwards this year and Shimla has received only 28% of rainfall.\"With a delayed start of this monsoon season, from July 5 onwards, earlier Shimla and other parts of the state had good rains , but in the last week there had been very less rainfall.Singh added, \"The monsoon would gain strength in coming days, from July 22 onwards and forecast that the state would receive good amount of rainfall in the coming week.\"According to the met department, in the last week there has been 35% coverage by monsoon in the state and has received 134mm average rainfall against an average of 249mm of normal rainfall, till now. Except for Kangra district, which received 33% rainfall, other districts observed deficit rainfall till now, including 20% in Solan, Lahaul and Spiti (83 %), Chamba (79 %) and Kinnaur (75%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15075204", "title": "Don't watch Gola Barood: Nirahua", "text": "Bhojpuri actor Dinesh Lal Yadav Nirahua has appealed to his audience not to watch his upcoming film Gola Barood which is due to be released next week. He has also announced that in future, he is not going to work with the producers who are trying to cheat the audience by renaming their previous films and adding one or two scenes and then releasing it.He further said that he doesn't want the audience to feel cheated when they see this movie since its the same movie which was released in 2009 with the name Vidhaata. He said that its his duty to make aware his audience of this fraud since its been always the audience who have made him the star of Bhojpuri industry. Source: bhojpuriyacinema.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15067164", "title": "V S Achuthanandan challenges CPM leadership again", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: On the eve of the crucial central committee meeting that will discuss the inner party issues in Kerala, V S Achuthanandan said he doesn't care if disciplinary action was initiated against him. Before leaving for New Delhi to attend the meeting, VS said: \"I don't think there will be any debate in the committee as wished by you people (media). Even if there is any action, I don't care about it.\"\"If there is a suspension or a demotion, VS will come out of the party,\" said a source close to VS. However, a public censure might prompt him to stay back.The two-day meeting of the central committee will discuss the demand by the state leadership for strong disciplinary action against VS. Three letters written by VS to the central leadership complaining about the rightist deviation of the state leadership will also be debated by the CC.Meanwhile, the politburo meeting in New Delhi on Friday couldn't reach a consensus on the action against VS. It is learnt that the PB would ask the Central Committee, which will meet on Saturday and Sunday, to take a final decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073021", "title": "Susan Sarandon prefers playing evil roles", "text": "Susan Sarandon , who took up the daring role of a lesbian vampire Sarah Roberts in 'The Hunger', has revealed that she prefers to play bad girls, as they are much more fun.\"Sure I do. Because you get to say and do things that you never in a million years would do. And very often the bad guys are written just so much better than the good guys ,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling the Guardian.\"If you look at Sister Helen in 'Dead Man Walking' I just walk around saying constantly, 'Let us pray' and, 'I'm sorry' - there's so much more to play when someone is evil,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15067344", "title": "Weatherman predicts heavy rains", "text": "KANPUR: Midnight rains here on Friday drastically reduced both minimum and maximum temperatures. As per the predictions of Met department, the chances of heavy rains are there in the region during the weekend as well.The late Friday night rains were recorded at 1.5 mm in the vicinity of CSA Varsity. But some parts of the city received heavy rains, including Rawatpur, Yashoda Nagar, Kidwai Nagar to name a few. Areas like Mall Road and CSA remained comparatively dry. The late Thursday night rains were also responsible in giving dip to mercury. After the Friday rains, the total rainfall received by the city in the ongoing monsoon went up to 331.5 mm.The maximum temperature recorded on Friday was 28.7 degrees Celsius. This was nearly six degrees less than that of Thursday. The minimum temperature too reduced by four degrees and set at 21.6 degree Celsius. The humidity recorded for the day was 95% in the morning and 83% in the afternoon.According to the weather experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the south-westerly winds from Arabian Sea will cause heavy rains in some parts of the state, including Bundelkhand and western UP. Some places of Kanpur too may receive heavy rains in the next 48 hours.\"The winds have changed their directions. Hence monsoonal currents are back in the region. The city may receive heavy rains Saturday or Sunday. Even other parts of the state will remain cloudy,\" informed CB Singh, weather expert at CSA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072492", "title": "Sambhavna turns Basanti for five Gabbars!", "text": "Sambhavna Seth needs no introduction for her motor-mouth and her item numbers. She was much in limelight with her participation in Bigg Boss. In an upcoming slick-flick Qayamat Hi Qayamat has not one, not two, but five villains doing a rehash of Gabbar Singh. And just like Sholay, giving them company, is Basanti which is donned by Sambhavna Seth .But the girl feels upset about the absence of an Amitabh Bachchan or Dharmendra ! \"The film is surefire fun, but I'd have been happier with a dialogue like 'Tera naam kya hai Sambhavna?' from the action men,\" she laughs.Although, Sambhavna is not new to Basanti-act. She won the dance reality show Dancing Queen some time back, which was judged by none other than Hema Malini. In fact, Sam (as she is fondly called), also did a Gabbar-Basanti skit for it, after which a visibly 'upset' Hema Malini walked out of the set in a huff! Sam was shocked and saddened as she otherwise found the yesteryears superstar very loving and affable. It was only when the episode was aired, she realized that Hemaji had actually pulled a fast one on her. So, it is 'Basanti' time again for this talented danceuse!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15065937", "title": "Mid-air scare for AI flight to Sharjah, snag forces flight to land in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: An Air India (AI) flight to Sharjah made an emergency landing at Mumbai airport late on Thursday night. The flight took off from Thiruvananthapuram airport with more than 130 passengers on board.It was on its way to Sharjah. While mid-air, the pilot suspected 'hydraulic failure' in one of the engines. According to airport officials, the pilot decided to divert the flight to Mumbai instead of going ahead.\"The pilot contacted the air traffic control and asked for an emergency landing in Mumbai,\" a senior official said.The flight landed safely around 10.30pm. Later, passengers left for Sharjah in a new aircraft early on Friday. An AI spokesperson confirmed the incident.toireporter@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15064462", "title": "Teen dies after taking injection in Walgaon PHC", "text": "AMRAVATI: A 16-year-old teenager, who was suffering from cough and cold, died just after taking injection at Walgaon primary health centre, near Amravati, on Friday. Infuriated relatives of the boy blamed the medical officer and rushed to the police station demanding the inquiry of the matter.According to information the deceased Shaikh Irfan Shaikh Ayub, a student of Darul Ulam Sufa Madarsa, Lalkhedi, had come to his home in Walgaon on holiday. He developed symptoms of cold, cough and fever. His father took him to the primary health centre in Walgaon for treatment on Friday. Medical officer Dr. Vaishali Patil gave Gentamycine injection to Irfan and prescribed some medicines.However, Irfan collapsed while he was standing in the queue at the medicine counter. He was rushed to district general hospital where he died during treatment.Angry relatives blamed casual approach of the medical officer for the death of Irfan and went to the police station demanding inquiry of the matter.Speaking to TOI, medical officer of Walgaon PHC Dr Vaishali Patil she that she did her duty properly. \"I did my job properly. I am not in a state to make any comment further,\" she said.All attempts to contact civil surgeon Dr D Raut proved futile as he didn't receive the phone calls.Police inspector of Walgaon Ashok Dhotre said, \"Ifran's relative were angry and demanded an inquiry into the whole incident. As of now, we have registered a case of accidental death and are investigating further. We are awaiting the autopsy report, and any further action will be taken only after we receive the report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15067042", "title": "Azam Khan slams officials for civic negligence", "text": "VARANASI: Urban development minister Azam Khan on Friday extended an unequivocal apology to the people of the city for the poor civic conditions and ordered chargesheeting five senior officials of the UP Jal Nigam, Varanasi Nagar Nigam and other agencies for \"turning the roads into hell by overlooking government norms\".After inspecting some parts of the city to know the ground realities, Khan said: \"Mai Banaras ke logo ke samne sharminda hoon. Aur jitna mai sharminda hua aap vishwas kijiye us sey zyada adhikariyon ko sharminda kiya hoon (I am ashamed for the pathetic condition of the holy city, and believe me I also made officials feel ashamed of the pathetic civic condition here).\"Talking to reporters at the Circuit House after touring the city, he assured that some improvement would be visible in the civic condition in the next two-three months. The district administration and VNN authorities had tried their best to give the localities the minister toured a better look, but they failed to check the foul smell coming out of the heaps of garbage covered with lime powder along the roads. This trick could not help the officials as the minister made it clear that \"outbreak of epidemics can't be prevented by covering garbage, sludge and slippery mud with lime powder\". \"Had the monsoon arrived on time and with full intensity,\" he said, \"the condition of city would have been worse.\"Targeting agencies like the UP Jal Nigam for overlooking the norms prescribed by the government for filling the trenches created for laying stormwater and sewage pipelines, the minister ordered charge-sheeting senior officials. He also ordered to realize 20% of the contract cost from contractors, who committed fault in road repairing works, as penalty.Khan said that the contractors had committed blunder by avoiding to remove mud after completion of work due to which the drains became choked.The minister also targeted the VNN regarding A2Z solid waste management project. He said that after the formation of SP government, all the payments to it by the nagar nigams in the state had been stopped as the government would allow only those projects for solid waste management in which there would be a possibility of power generation. \"The government is not interested in manufacturing manure in the name of solid waste management,\" he said.When his attention was drawn that despite the order of state government, a payment of Rs 57 lakh had been made to A2Z by VNN recently, the minister said that the official who had made such payment would be made answerable for it.\"I had made it clear that improving the condition of footpaths is the top priority,\" Khan said, adding that in Varanasi the footpaths were encroached badly and no works like interlocking, grass covering and repairing has been done so far. He said that the government had made it clear that people dwelling on footpaths would be rehabilitated under Aasra scheme. \"Improving the condition of footpaths was must for the proper maintenance of roads, making the city free from dust and giving a good look,\" he said.He asked the officials to think what image of the city would be formed in the minds of tourists who reach here from across the country and abroad. 'Big role means the seat of PM only'The UP urban development minister Azam Khan took it to be surprising that how Nehru-Gandhi family tolerated a non-family member in the office of Prime Minister for several years. While commenting on the speculations regarding 'big role' of Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi , he said big role means the seat of PM only. About the controversy generated during the recent visit of union minister Jairam Ramesh when the issue of separate statehood of Purvanchal was highlighted again, he said when the union government seeks any proposal, the Samajwadi Party would make its stand clear on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073325", "title": "I'm an attentive boyfriend, says Justin Bieber", "text": "Justin Bieber, who is dating Selena Gomez , has claimed that he is an attentive boyfriend and never forgets to compliment her.The 18-year-old singer thinks it is important to notice small changes his girlfriend makes to her appearance and always tries to give her compliments.\"I make sure to do the little things, like noticing when they get their hair done or when they change their nail color. Also saying things all the time - like, 'You're very pretty,' 'You're gorgeous,' things like that,\" Contactmusic quoted him as telling Rolling Stone magazine.In the interview, the heartthrob's manager Scooter Braun dismissed speculation that the singer's high-profile relationship is damaging his career.Braun insisted that it makes him rather more desirable to fans as they get to hear about his romantic side.\"Personally, I think that [speculation] is all a bunch of bulls**t. Yes , there's gonna be some girls that if they see him with a girlfriend, it kills the dream - but there's also gonna be girls that see him with a girlfriend, hear about the romantic things he does and want him even more,\" Braun said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "15066167", "title": "Yet another mishap at fireworks unit, none hurt", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Hundreds of workers escaped a major accident at a fireworks unit in Sankaralingapuram near Virudhunagar, on Friday morning. The workers were away from the accident site as they had gone for their breakfast.Pappa Fireworks in the village is involved in the manufacturing of fancy fireworks and more than hundred workers were present on Friday. The factory that has 45 small units was buzzing with activity, as the shift started by 9am. At around 9.30am, the workers took a break to have breakfast and moved out of their units.Suddenly, there was an explosion in the chemical room due to some reaction, resulting in two buildings razed to the ground. Upon hearing the huge explosion, the workers fled from the spot fearing for their lives. However, eight of them were said to have suffered minor injuries. The fire caused by the explosion quickly spread in the unit engulfing the adjacent buildings and fire tenders from Sivakasi and Virudhunagar rushed to the spot and doused the fire.Police sources said that the explosion was so powerful that it brought down two buildings in the unit premises. But the workers were lucky as they were away for breakfast. \"The number of causalities would have been really high if it was not a break time. We used earth movers to check for any worker, but luckily no one was trapped inside,\" a police official said. \"Eight of the workers sustained minor injuries like bruises when they fell down while fleeing and no one suffered any burn injuries,\" he added.The unit belonged to K Rajalakshmi from the locality and she had leased it to V Kothandaraman (46) from Narayanapuram near Sankaralingapuram. Amathur police have registered a case and arrested Kothandaraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15067273", "title": "BMC no-vendor zone plan falls on deaf ears", "text": "BHOPAL: It seems the civic body order on New Market as a hawker free zone is falling on deaf ears. Even though the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has marked the major crowded areas like New Market and Chowk Bazaar in the city as a no-vendor zone, the vendors continue to carry out business.\"It will take another couple of days to make these areas vendor free. The anti-encroachment squad of the BMC has already commenced the eviction process after the orders were issued on 18 July 2012,\" the BMC PRO Virendra Tiwari said.The urban administration department (UAD) in January this year drafted a plan to decongest some of the crowded areas in the city by regulating the presence of hawkers. These include New Market, congested markets of Old Bhopal like Chowk and residential areas including Arera Colony.The UAD plan proposed to divide the city into three vending zones - red, green and yellow. The red zones would be no-hawker zone which includes New Market, Chowk Bazaar, Manisha market and 10 No. markets. Hawkers would be allowed in yellow zones from 6 pm to 9 pm in residential areas like Arera Colony. Green zones would actually be the hawker's zones where they would be allowed to carry out their business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15066941", "title": "Who is Jiyalal and why is he missing?", "text": "GURGAON: The entire episode of violence at the Maruti plant in Manesar was sparked off by the suspension of Jiyalal, who was working as a technician. On Wednesday, the management and the workers' union held a meeting to consider Jiyalal's reinstatement during which the two sides nearly came to blows and things went out of control. The fracas resulted in the large-scale violence, according to sources.\"Police teams are searching for him and we will arrest him at the earliest possible. Jiyalal's is the first name in the FIR which has been lodged against the Maruti workers,\" said a senior police officer.Jiyalal, a 27-year-old from Dhakal village in Haryana, had joined the Manesar plant on September, 5, 2007 as a technician and was working at the assembly shop of the plant.A police team has conducted a raid in his native place. Jiyalal is reportedly a scheduled cast and had been living in Gurgaon after joining MSIL.Jiyalal had slapped the supervisor after an argument ensued between the two. Sources said that the supervisor had allegedly passed some casteist remarks against Jiyalal which triggered the fight. An employee of MSIL said that Jiyalal was not an office bearer but that he was close to the top officials in the union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073161", "title": "Shruti Haasan gets spiritual", "text": "The actress has been flying high in recent times - she won the Filmfare Best Debut Female Award recently and her Gabbar Singh is a blockbuster.Shruti has been having a spate of bad luck as her movies have not been doing too well - she had two failures in Bollywood and her Tamil debut 7aum Arivu also didn't do too well. But Gabbar Singh has changed her career.Now the pretty actress has bagged several films in Tollywood and is doing a Hindi film to be directed by Prabhu Dheva. So it's not surprising that the actress has gotten religious. Currently, she is in Kerala and she tweeted, \"Oh how I love kerela! Some soul connection has happened :)\"The actress found time to go to the famous Padmanabaswamy temple as well. She wrote, \"Most amazing darshan at Padmanabaswamy temple, feeling so blessed positive and absolutely peaceful.\" Looks like the actress has found her soul connection and career connection too!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065783", "title": "'On bakery blast day Mirza Himayat Baig's SIM card was in Aurangabad'", "text": "PUNE: On the day of the German bakery bomb blast, the SIM card seized from the alleged conspirator Mirza Himayat Baig was in Aurangabad, about 260 km from here, an official of a telecom company said in the district and sessions court here on Friday.Special public prosecutor Raja Thakare, however, said that \"the location of the SIM card does not imply that Baig was in Aurangabad when the blast happened.\"The blast had killed 17 people and injured 64 at Koregaon park on February 13, 2010.B John, the nodal officer of a telecom company, was deposing before additional sessions judge N P Dhote. He made the statement during cross-examination by lawyers A Rehman and Kainat Shaikh.On September 6, 2010 (a day before Baig was arrested from Pune), the mobile tower location of his SIM card was in Pune, John told the court.Shaikh told news persons, \"The prosecution always uses the SIM location to prove presence of a person. But, when Baig's SIM was located in Aurangabad on the day of the blast, they are saying that only the cell phone was there and not Baig.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15067046", "title": "CBI to book customs officials in smuggling case", "text": "KOCHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) will soon file a chargesheet in the case in which a gang allegedly colluded with customs officials and smuggled in electronic goods worth Rs 30 crore from Singapore through Cochin International Airport at Nedumbassery.CBI officials said the chargesheet is ready and it will be filed before the CBI court by next week. \"Eleven people including three customs officials have been arraigned as accused in the case. The smuggling took place in connivance with the customs officials and they are the main accused in the case,\" said the officials.The accused customs officials are superintendent K C S Prasanth and preventive officers D S Pillai and Prasanna Kumar.CBI decided to file the chargesheet in the case after the kingpin of the gang identified as Abdullah alias Khader Moideen of Chennai surrendered before the CBI court.The customs officials allegedly connived with the smuggling gang. The CBI had earlier arrested five persons from Chennai. The operations of the smuggling racket came to light after sleuths of Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) seized a consignment of smuggled goods near Sriperumbudur in October 2010. The smuggled goods included digital and video cameras, mobile phones and watches. The consignment was released by the customs officials after it landed in Cochin International Airport Limited ( CIAL) in Nedumbassery. The gang had smuggled the goods from Singapore through Chennai and Kochi airports.Kochi: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) will soon file a chargesheet in the case in which a gang in connivance with the customs officials smuggled in electronic good worth Rs 30 crore from Singapore through Cochin international airport at Nedumbassery.CBI officials said that the chargesheet was prepared and it will be filed before the CBI court by next week. \"Eleven persons including three Customs officials have been arraigned as accused in the case. The smuggling took place in connivance with the customs officials and they are the main accused in the case,\" said the officials.The accused customs officials are superintendent K C S Prasanth and preventive officers D S Pillai and Prasanna Kumar.CBI decided to file the chargesheet in the case after the kingpin of the gang identified as Abdullah alias Khader Moideen of Chennai surrendered before the CBI court.The customs officials allegedly connived with the smuggling gang. The CBI had earlier arrested five persons from Chennai. The operations of the smuggling racket came to light after sleuths of Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) seized a consignment of smuggled goods near Sriperumbudur in October 2010. The smuggled goods included digital and video cameras, mobile phones and watches.The consignment was released by the Customs officials after it landed in Cochin International Airport Limited (CIAL) in Nedumbassery. The gang had smuggled the goods from Singapore through Chennai and Kochi airports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri/kolkata", "code": "15064218", "title": "Gurap inmate alleges sexual abuse by owner", "text": "JALPAIGURI/KOLKATA: A key witness in the Gurap horror home case, An inmate of Dulal Smriti Sansad in Gurap's Khejurdaha, who was rescued from Alipurduar on Tuesday, has reportedly told her rescuers that she was sexually abused by Uday Chand Kumar, the owner of the home for mentally and physically challenged women in Hooghly. The 30-year-old also alleged that she got pregnant twice and underwent abortions on both the occasions at a private nursing home.Sources said she was very close to Guriya, whose alleged rape and murder led to the closure of the home and shifting of its 82 inmates to other locations earlier this month. This inmate was among the first to be shifted to a home for female vagrants in Hooghly's Uttarpara. On July 13, she escaped from the Uttarpara State General Hospital , where she was taken for a medical examination by a warden. Questions were raised on why one of the prime witnesses in the case was allowed to move about without proper police protection.On Tuesday, she was found by the members of the Alipurduar Red Cross Society (ARCS). She was reportedly wandering about aimlessly in Alipurduar and later admitted to a hospital where doctors found a Copper-T - a small contraceptive device - embedded in her uterus. Investigators wonder why an inmate of a women's home - who is not supposed to leave the premises unescorted - should need a contraceptive device.\"She was moving about aimlessly when we spotted her and admitted her to a hospital. In the hospital she alleged that Kumar had sexually assaulted her. She also claimed that the owner of the home had an inclination towards Guriya,\" said Swapan Bhaduri, secretary, ARCS.Officials in Kolkata said that a team from the Uttarpara police station - where a missing person complaint has been registered - has gone to Alipurduar to bring back the inmate. The CID, meanwhile, continued to grill Shyamal Ghosh - the prime accused in the case. According to sources, Ghosh didn't add anything more to what he has already told the sleuths.\"There is a BSNL office on the premises of the home. We will also speak to the employees working there. We have come to know that the home used to receive between Rs 20 and Rs 25 lakh from the government every year under various schemes. In spite of this, the home had no resident doctor and the superintendent wouldn't stay for the night,\" the source revealed.According to another official, Kumar has admitted that he didn't bother to inform the police or the department of women and child development and social welfare, after the inmates died. As many as six women died at the home in the last one year. Kumar allegedly wrote a letter after every death, but never sent those to the concerned authority. He had filed and kept the letters with him and produced them to anybody who wanted to know details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15067277", "title": "Simian scare for Surtis out of wits", "text": "SURAT: Monkey menace is not uncommon in Surat. But, residents of Ashwini Kumar Road in Katargam had one of their worst experiences with a simian that wreaked havoc in the area for nearly six hours.The Rhesus Macaque bit nearly 20 people forcing them to get medical treatment before it was captured in the afternoon.When Katargam police station received a call seeking help to trap a monkey that had turned vilent on Friday morning, the cops took it as a mere prank call. But they understood the seriousness of the problem when calls started flooding in.Police then called in forest department to come to the rescue of citizens. Just as the forest officials arrived, the monkey hid itself in a house forcing its occupants to run out.Soon more help was called from forest department and NGO to trap the monkey. On reaching on spot, the forest personnel and volunteers planned to trap the monkey in a plastic box but failed several times as the monkey outwitted them everytime. The locals also tried to trap it in a room as it was biting people but the monkey came out opening the window.After efforts for couple of hours, the monkey was finally trapped at around 1.30 pm near the AK Road underpass. \"The monkey's behaviour was surprising. Loclas told us that it used to mingle with people and accept food also. But it bit whoever tried to touch or caress it. Around 20 people were injured and had to be given treatment immediately,\" said Darshan Desai of Prayas, the NGO which carried out the rescue.\"We received a call in morning from the police station. They told us that a monkey is creating panic and needs to be trapped soon. With help of the NGO, our officials trapped it successfully,\" said Anil Vasava, deputy conservator of forest, Surat.Wild life experts believe that the monkey's behaviour shows that it lived in human contact in past. It is possible that the monkey had escaped from captivity and turned violent after being teased.Monkey's medical examination will be carried out and will be given required treatment. It will be released in area where it doesn't come in direct conflict with human.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "15067807", "title": "Coastal belt\u2019s miseries return", "text": "Karwar: It's a nightmare residents of Bailur, Mavalli, Kaikini, Bengre, Alvekodi, Jaali, Tenginagundi and Mundalli in Bhatkal taluk live with year after year. When monsoon is in full force huge tidal waves crashing into houses and destroying property is a yearly occurrence. Very little has been done by governments to tackle the problem. Roads in Heble - Heratar and Jaali villages have been completely damaged by the sea and the people are spending sleepless nights fearing water entering their houses. Residents feel that very soon the link between the villages and Bhatkal will be lost. Locals claim that the engineering section of the sea erosion department and the local public representatives had failed to take action to contain the damage. They said that no money was sanctioned to contain sea erosion in Bhatkal taluk. Rajakumar, assistant chief engineer of sea erosion section in Bhatkal, said that department is aware of the situation and an estimated Rs 7.5 lakh was sent to the office of chief engineer, Karwar. He said except for the Rs 10 lakh sanctioned in 2006-07 to contain sea erosion in Talgod village, no money has been sanctioned for Bhatkal taluk. K. S Jambale, chief engineer of sea erosion section, Karwar, said that Rs 7.30 crore was sanctioned for Uttara Kannada, Udupi and Dakshina Kannada districts. He said that he was not aware how much of it was spent. Villagers claim that except for dumping boulders on the beaches to stop erosion no other work has been done in the entire belt from Ullal to Majali near Karwar. The green wall concept in which plants are grown to stop erosion should be adopted, they felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "15067679", "title": "Contesting only to lose deposit is Mitt Singh's passion", "text": "BARNALA: Contesting elections only to lose or filing nomination, despite sure of being rejected, is Mitt Singh's passion and he is continuing with it for about four decades. Crazy for elections has made this Punjab villager to file nomination for vice presidential elections on Friday, sure to be rejected on Saturday. Earlier on June 25, he had filed papers for presidential elections for the seventh time. Barnala villager Mitt Singh Sehjra, 69, is close to completing four decades in elections without contesting any election(seriously). Sehjra earlier had filed nomination papers for the election of President and Vice President on six occasions and every time papers were rejected on technical grounds.In the past decades, Mitt Singh, had contested parliamentary elections against three generations of India's most influential family of late Indira Gandhi. He had contested against former Prime Minister in 1978 from Chikmangloor, against Sonia Gandhi from Raebareli in 2006 and lately against Rahul Gandhi from Amethi in 2009.A veteran of 41 elections in all, Mitt Singh had also contested the Punjab assembly elections on many occasions and his best was in 1989 at the height of militancy in Punjab, when he had filed papers from 7 parliamentary constituencies and was provided VIP security.Mitt Singh speaking to TOI over phone from Delhi after filing nomination papers said, \"Contesting elections is my biggest passions and I cannot live without it\".Mitt Singh had started career by joining Army during war with China in 1962 but had left it four years later. He contested his first election in 1975 for Rajya Sabha after getting sponsorship from 2 MLAs , then mandatory to contest, which went on to increase thereafter. In 1978 he had contested against Indira Gandhi and had contested against former governor, CM Surjit Singh Barnala on four occasions. Mitt Singh forfeited his security deposit in every election he contested till now.In 1989 when militancy was at its peak in Punjab, he had become a big problem for state machinery as had filed papers from 7 constituencies. Mitt Singh, who owns 14 acres of land at his native village Sehjra is agriculturist by profession, but during elections comes out from fields for single handed electioneering. People missed him very much during the recently held Punjab assembly elections as he had decided not to contest as he wanted to go in for big election of President and Vice President of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15066826", "title": "Third Time Unlucky", "text": "VADODARA: The Vadodara-Chhota Udepur passenger train seems to be a jinxed affair. Although there is nothing that can stop this passenger train from chugging on Chhota Udepur track in the tribal-dominated belt of central Gujarat, this train is waiting for a green signal from junior railway minister.Everyday it starts from Pratapnagar and halts at Bodeli. As per the new schedule, this train is supposed to depart from Vadodara railway station (instead of Pratapnagar) and reach Chhota Udepur, but it still continues to ply between Pratapnagar and Bodeli.Sources suggest that the Vadodara division had thrice got a date from MoS (railways) Bharatsinh Solanki, the last one being for Saturday. But with the programme getting cancelled, this train simply cannot follow its schedule.Interestingly, after getting a fresh date from the minister, the railway division had even printed invites for the Saturday's function which abruptly got cancelled on Friday. Earlier, Congress leader and MoS (railways) Solanki, who is Anand MP, had given June 5 and July 6 for flagging off the train, sources suggest.\"It takes hardly an half an hour to finish such formality. But for strange reasons the flag off ceremony is getting cancelled. It would have been better if any other senior railway official himself flags off the train instead of waiting for the minister to do such formality,\" said an official.On the cancellation of the flag off ceremony which was scheduled on Saturday, a release from Western Railways said that the programme has been cancelled because of the accident on the Mumbai-Kasara route. \"The programme has been cancelled because of special relief and rescue operations being supervised by the MoS,\" the release said. This new schedule for Vadodara-Bodeli-Chhota Udepur has been notified by the railways with effect from July 1.Ironically, the railways has spent nearly Rs 150 crore just for the gauge conversion of nearly 99.27 kilometres track between Vadodara's Pratapnagar to Chhota Udepurrail line via Dabhoi, Sankheda, Pavijetpur.The narrow gauge rail line connecting Vadodara with remote areas of central Gujarat (including Chhota Udepur) was laid during the rule of the Gaekwads but was lately seen as a burden by the railway officials and many were not keen to keep it operational. Despite reservations being expressed on the viability of the project, it was in September 2005 that the then Union railways minister Lalu Prasad Yadav inaugurated the project at Chhota Udepur, once represented by former junior railway minister Naran Rathwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15067626", "title": "Termination of Cong MLAs to be revoked: Vijaywargiya", "text": "INDORE: Stung by criticism and in a repentance mode, the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is bending itself back to accommodate the two Congress MLAs whose membership was terminated by the Madhya Pradesh Assembly and revoke their termination. An indication to this effect was given by the Industry minister Kailash Vijaywargiya while talking to reporters here.The membership of Congress legislators Congress MLAs Choudhary Rakesh Singh Chaturvedi and Kalpana Parulekar was terminated on July 18 after they held the Speaker Ishwardas Rohani hostage in the his chamber in the assembly and jumped on to the Speaker's podium demanding a discussion on income tax raids on two prominent bizmen from the state.\"Termination of Congress legislators will be revoked and necessary communication in this regard will be sent to Election Commission soon. However, formal announcement of it will be made by either speaker or the chief minister in a week's time,\" said Vijayvargiya.Vijayvargiya added that leader of opposition Ajay Singh had met the Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and requested that the termination of assembly membership of Choudhary Rakesh Singh Chaturvedi, who represents Bhind assembly constituency, and Kalapana Parulekar, who was elected to assembly from Mahidpur seat in Ujjain district be revoked.The chief minister has constituted a three-member committee consisting of Ajay Bisnoi, Gopal Bhargava and Kailash Vijayvargiya to look into the legal aspects of the matter.\"This will be the first time when the termination of a representative will be revoked by the assembly,\" said VIjayvargiya adding that the Election Commission will be informed about the decision so that they will not initiate the process of by-election.\"However, we hope that this sort of incident will not be repeated in future and everyone will respect the decorum of assembly,\" he said.On the incident of stone pelting on Baba Ramdev by Congress workers in Bhopal on Thursday, Vijayvargiya said that everyone has the fundamental right to express his or her views. Any attempt to suppress one's fundamental right to express is condemnable and doing it by force or violence is a form of terrorism and naxalism.\"Congress has all the rights to oppose and criticize Baba Ramdev, but they should do it in a democratic way,\" he said.The Minister was at ease over Congress's allegation of his relation with Dilip Suryavanshi. \"I never hide and deny my relation with Suryavanshi. He is a businessman and my friend. He has not committed any serious crime,\" said Vijayvargiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15066461", "title": "Two wildlife rescue vehicles commissioned", "text": "JAIPUR: Two customized wildlife rescue vehicles were commissioned on Friday by the forest and environment minister Bina Kak at Ashok Vihar.On the occasion, Kak said chief minster Ashok Gehlot in his budget speech two years ago had announced such rescue vehicles for national parks and for places where the vehicles were required. She said one such rescue vehicle for Ranthambore National Park had already been launched. The minister also said that the two vehicles commissioned on Friday were for Jodhpur and Jaipur. Each vehicle, she said, had cost around Rs 20 lakh, for which the funds had been received from the Rescue Protected Area Conservation Society. Kak further informed that the air-conditioned rescue vehicles were equipped with hydraulic system, chain pulley cable system, tranquilizing guns, a refrigerator and dragon lights among others. Life-saving and emergency medicines were also available in the vans, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15067032", "title": "New mayor takes oath", "text": "VARANASI: The newly elected mayor, Ram Gopal Mohale and corporators of 90 wards of Varanasi Nagar Nigam took oath at a ceremony organized at the Cultural Complex, Chowkaghat on Friday. Meanwhile, the chairman of Ramnagar Nagar Palika Parishad, Rekha Sharma along with the elected members of 25 wards and chairman of Gangapur Nagar Panchayat, Vijay Kumar Yadav with 10 members had already taken oath on Thursday.Elected: Deputy librarian of the Central Library, BHU, G C Kendadamath has been elected member of the committee for copyright and other legal matters of the International Federation of Library Associations (IFLA) for five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15068831", "title": "Youth with polio walks about 12kmM", "text": "MUMBAI: Krishna Kumar had a harrowing time during the motormen's strike on Friday, perhaps more than anybody else. The 20-year-old, who suffers from polio, was forced to walk almost 12 km to Churchgate since the train he was travelling in halted near Mumbai Central.Kumar, who stays in a Cuffe Parade chawl, visited Fellowship of the Physically Handicapped at Haji Ali on Friday to get crutches. \"On the way back, I hired a taxi but the driver dropped me mid-way because of a jam.\"Since Kumar did not have enough money to hire another taxi, he decided to take a train from Mahalaxmi. \"After Mumbai Central, the train halted for 30 minutes. I saw a local standing ahead of our train,\" said Kumar's nephew Amit Sahni, who accompanied him.Kumar and Sahni then decided to cover the journey by trekking on the tracks up to Churchgate. \"I hope motormen will change after reading about my uncle's hardships,\" said Sahni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15067675", "title": "SC lawyer lights up IIT-Madras convocation", "text": "CHENNAI: Senior Supreme Court advocate Fali Sam Nariman encouraged students passing out of IIT-Madras to go abroad for higher studies but to come back not only because India needs them, but because they that they need India.\"This great country of ours \u2014 no matter how badly governed you and I think we are \u2014 this country of ours is I assure you the country of the future,\" he told graduands at the institute's 49th convocation day on Friday.He said that he was optimistic about the future the country though never too optimistic about its governments. \"My advice to you all is: don't despair. Governments are the same everywhere - in every country. But, our country is to us and always will be greater than all the governments,\" he said.Advising students not to be disheartened by quotas or reservation in education, he said affirmative action in education was what the country needed, not quotas, so higher education can be an equaliser.As many as 1,679 degrees, including 141 PhD, 127 MS, 467 MTech, 69 MBA, 29 MA, 123 MSc, 225 dual degree (BTech and MTech) and 273 BTech degrees, were awarded. The first batch of nine students who pursued the postgraduate diploma course in Metro Rail Technology and Management were also awarded diplomas on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "15067038", "title": "Keshubhai promises cheap electricity if voted to power", "text": "JAMNAGAR: Former chief minister Keshubhai Patel on Friday said that if he is voted to power in the coming assembly elections against the present BJP government, he will reduce the electricity tariff and also the fare of state transport buses.Addressing the well attended fourth 'Parivartan Sammelan' here, he said, \"I will not change my mind, keep faith in me. Time has come to bring about change in Gujarat.\"Attacking revenue minister Anandiben Patel, the former chief minister alleged that textbooks have become costlier in the state ever since their printing contracts were given to her relatives.Keshubhai flayed chief minister Narendra Modi for not having a long assembly session. \"Modi fears that if he allows more days to the assembly session, then the corruption in his government would be exposed. He has reduced the assembly session to just 30 days from the earlier 49 days during my tenure,\" the veteran leader said.Keshubhai said not much development has taken place in Gujarat under Modi's rule. It is just a propaganda. In reality the picture is different. \"As far as investment in industry is concerned, Bihar is ahead of Gujarat. The number of families living below poverty line has increased over the last one decade. Every third person in Gujarat is poor,\" he said.\"There is budgetary provision for the packages being announced by Modi. Hence, there is nothing new in his project announcements,\" Keshubhai said.The sammelan was attended by former Union minister Kashiram Rana and former home minister Gordhan Zadaphia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15076604", "title": "Sony Ericsson fined Rs 34,500 for defective mobile", "text": "A panel of the Central District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum has ordered Sony Ericsson to pay Rs 34,500 to a customer. Along with the total cost of the defective phone (Rs 24,500), the bench directed the company to pay the Delhi-based complainant Rs 7,000 as compensation for harassment and Rs 3,000 as legal costs. The panel also ordered the retailer who sold the defective handset to the consumer not to store \"hazardous good\" in the future.The customer, Neeraj Arora, had filed a complaint in the consumer court, saying that the Sony Ericsson phone (model U1i) he purchased in July 2010 did not perform well since the beginning and used to 'hang-up'. When he submitted the device for repairs, its ringer ceased to work abruptly. The retailer, which also operated as an authorised service centre for Sony Ericsson, was unable to fix the defects in the handset, said Arora.The bench, headed by B B Chaudhary, ruled, \"We hold that the complainant (Arora) who had purchased the mobile handset of Sony Ericsson, a brand name in the market, from opposite party 2 (retail shop) has established that the opposite parties 1 and 2 (Sony Ericsson and the retail shop) are guilty of selling the defective goods. A consumer cannot be asked to remain at the mercy of service provider in the era of consumers-friendly environment.\"The forum gave its decision against the manufacturer and the retailer since neither of them appeared in spite of being subpoenaed. It said that they failed to resolve the customer's concerns, even though it was their duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15066534", "title": "The toll continues; tiger dead at Bannerghatta Biological Park", "text": "BANGALORE: There's more depressing news for animal lovers. After Mysore Zoo, another animal has died at the Bannerghatta Biological Park (BBP) on Friday.Sharath, a one-year-ten-month old tiger, died around 2pm in BBP. Born on August 2, 2010, this male tiger was born in BBP to Gowri and Tippu.Zoo officials said that Sharath was suffering from kidney-related problems for the last three months. He was undergoing regular treatment under the vet. Zoo authorities said visceral samples have been collected at the time of post-mortem and sent to the lab for further clinical analysis. This will help them determine the cause of death.BBP is now left with 40 tigers in the safari. It reportedly houses the largest population of captive tigers in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15066421", "title": "Permit to 8k autorickshaws soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The regional transport office (RTO) has decided to issue permits to around 8,000 autorickshaws which were so far running without permits in the city. The decision was taken in the traffic control board meeting on Friday.A decision to connect the autorickshaws with either a control room or a call centre was also taken. In this regard, a team will be constituted to inspect other cities where the system is functional and submit a report. The team will comprise members of traffic department, RTO and Jaipur Development Authority (JDA). \"It is expected all autorickshaws in the city will be connected with the global positioning system (GPS),\" an official who attended the meeting said.The official further said permits will be issued to around 5,000 diesel and 3,000 LPG autorickshaws. During the meeting, discussions were also taken on making changes in the registration period of public transport.It was also proposed in the meeting that landowners who have been given allotments at concessional rates by the JDA for schools and hospitals among others will have to reserve parking areas for autorickshaws.Also, soon CCTV cameras will be installed on the Bus Rapid Transit Service corridors. \"Recently, the number of cases has increased as people enter into the corridors. Such illegal travels increase the possibilities of accidents. Heavy fine will be charged to those found violating the rules on BRTS corridors,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073097", "title": "Emma Watson rented Harry Potter to watch herself", "text": "Emma Watson , who shot to fame at the tender age of nine when she was cast as Hermione Grainger in 'Harry Potter', has admitted that she rented one of the eight flicks from the fantasy film series.Watson's confession came via her twitter page, where 3.3 users follow the star, the Daily Mail reported.'I may have watched Harry Potter on Netflicks (sic) last night. May have...,\" she tweeted.The Harry Potter series helped the 22-year-old earn a whopping 10million pounds, which means that she could easily retire and live off her teenage earnings if she fancied it.The actress, who has now branched out into modelling and fashion design as well, has collaborated on a fair trade clothing collection with People Tree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15067294", "title": "Roughs worth 300 crore stranded in GJEPC office", "text": "SURAT: Diamantaires in Surat are upset with the delay by the Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council's (GJEPC) Surat office in releasing nearly 85 parcels of rough diamonds worth Rs 300 crore imported in the city.The parcels have been held up due to the internal problems between GJEPC's Surat and Mumbai offices. Industry sources said the rough diamonds have been imported from South Africa, Zimbabwe, Canada and Australia have been stranded in the GJEPC's Surat office from the past two days.GJEPC works closely with the Government of India and the trade to implement and oversee the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme. The council has been appointed as the nodal agency in India under the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme.Being a nodal agency to issue Kimberley certificates in Mumbai and Surat, GJEPC's role is to clear the parcel of rough diamonds as well as the export of rough and polished diamonds by issuing and clearing the KP certificates. Imported diamonds are taken from the Mumbai's international airport to the customs clearance center in either Mumbai or Surat.The importer will receive authorization to retrieve the stones after presenting the GJEPC with a Kimberley certificate from the exporting nation and other relevant documents. Parcels are examined against the accompanying documents to ensure that value and carat weight are accurate and released on the same day.Dinesh Navadia, president of Surat Diamond Association (SDA) told TOI, \"We have received complaints from the diamond manufacturers about the rough diamond parcels worth Rs 300 crore stranded in the GJEPC's Surat office from the past two days. There is a system of clearing the goods on the same day of arrival in the custom.\" Talking about the reason behind the delay, Navadia said, \"The GJEPC's Surat office has been clearing about 40 parcels of rough diamonds daily after verifying the Kimberley Process certificates issued by the originating country and verifying other import documents. From the past two days, the signing authority has been called to Mumbai to solve the internal issues and thereby leaving the entire industry to suffer.\"However, GJEPC office-bearers have dismissed the diamantaires claims. \"The hue and cry is uncalled for. It was for one day the signing authority was called to Mumbai and we have made arrangement to see that the parcels are cleared by today evening. From Saturday, everything will be streamlined and there will be no such issues,\" Sabhyasachi Ray, executive director of GJEPC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15068489", "title": "1987 batch fashion show dazzles", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While most fashion shows normally showcase zero size models, the Carmel Ex-Student Association's fashion show was different. It starred no stars but women from the 1987 batch who gathered to celebrate the 26th anniversary of CESA in a heady mix of fashion and nostalgia at a jewellery store in Sector 7. Dressed to kill, all in their 40's could give ramp models a run for their money.The highlight of the evening was the unique titles up for grabs, including, Maya Divine Solitaire, Maya Sparkling Diamond, Maya Glittering Gold, Maya Dazzling Emerald.\"The reunion was a trip down the nostalgia lane providing a great opportunity to meet old friends some of whom are now settled in different parts of the country and world,\" said Shama Goel, a CESA member who had come from Singapore to attend the reunion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15066427", "title": "Couple attempts suicide, sustains severe injuries", "text": "JAIPUR: A man and his wife attempted suicide by jumping in front of a train near Durgapura Railway Station under Sanganer police station area on Friday morning. Both sustained serious injuries in the suicide attempt. Police said that both were depressed over domestic issues. The man also had disputes with his landlord in Muhana locality.According to the police, the man identified as Govind Singh lives with his wife Prem Kanwar and daughter Nisu at a rented accommodation in Muhana area. Police officials said that he had a dispute with his landlord and had lodged a complaint with Muhana police station regarding this.\"Both were also depressed due to frequent domestic disputes. Govind left for his ancestral house in Mahesh Nagar area on Thursday evening along with his wife and child. He left the child home while he and his wife came to Durgapura Railway station. They spent the night at the railway station,\" said the officer.The officer said that both jumped in front of the Jaipur-Bandra Express early on Friday morning. \"However, they were stuck in the tracks and were injured. They were rushed to a hospital where their condition is stated to be stable,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15072224", "title": "Chartered Accountants final exam results out", "text": "MUMBAI: The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) announced the results of the chartered accountants final examination held in May, 2012 and the common proficiency test (paper-pencil mode) held on June 17, 2012 on July 19.The Chartered Accountancy (CA) examination is held twice in a year. The top three rank-holders on all India basis in the final CA exam are from Kolkata, Chennai and Bangalore respectively.In the CA exam, around 5,075 candidates passed the exam out of 30,976 students who appeared for both the groups I and II, leading the success rate to 16.38%. Around 51,000 students who appeared for only group-I, 12,912 passed and the success rate of the exam is 25.32 %. In Group II, 55,108 students appeared and 29.62% passed. The top three rank holders of CPT are from Guntur, Hyderabad and Ujjain.In terms of the success rate, girls performed better than the boys even in the CPT exam. While 94,872 males appeared for the exam, 36.13 % passed and out of 54,476 girls who appeared for the exam, 40.04 %cleared it. The total success rate of candidates in the exam is 37.56%. The exams were held across 345 centres in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15065100", "title": "Mother confesses to killing her daughters", "text": "HYDERABAD: The murder of two girls in Addagutta on July 17 took an unusual turn on Friday with police stating that their mother was the culprit. The Tukaramgate police said Sameena, the mother of the victims -Samreen, 4, and Mahek, 2, killed them as she was frustrated by them.\"From the beginning, we suspected Sameena's role since the crime scene was found to be different from her version of the events. On questioning her, Sameena confessed that she had killed her daughters since the children were making nuisance in the house. In a fit of rage, she throttled the children,\" Tukaramgate inspector B Sudarshan Reddy said.On the day of the murder, Sameena had created a scene as if some unknown persons killed her daughters before fleeing away with gold ornaments. \"After the murder, she packed a suitcase, which had ornaments worth Rs 6.5 lakhs, with an intention to flee after two days,\" police said. The victims' father Yakub Pasha is a small-time businessman who sells garments near the Secunderabad railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15066336", "title": "Rare surgery at Sawai Man Singh hospital to remove bullet", "text": "JAIPUR: Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital doctors on Friday retrieved a bullet lodged inside a cloth-seller for 10 days. The bullet was lodged in the posterior side of pateint's chest on right side.Despite the bullet damaging various vital organs, the patient is alive. The doctors who operated on the Amar Singh claimed that it is a rare case when a patient is alive even though his organs are damaged.Dr Sanjiv Devgarha, associate professor in cardiothoracic surgery, SMS hospital said, \"It's a rare case when the patient was hit by a bullet which damaged his ribs, liver, diaphragm and entered the heart and the patient is still alive. After the operation, we have put him on ventilator. He is recovering now.\" The patient was brought to the hospital on July 10 from Alwar district. On July 9, some persons had fired a bullet at his residence in Alwar. He was rushed to the government hospital in Alwar but was referred to SMS hospital.The doctors conducted a CT-scan and found that fluid had collected in his right pleural cavity and pericardium. The doctors kept the patient on conservative treatment initially but as the patient started to complain of breathlessness and vomiting, the doctors decided to drain the fluid through operation, which had collected due to bullet injury.The doctors found the bullet stuck on the posterior surface of his heart inside the pericardial cavity. The doctors claimed that such patients even fail to reach the hospital but Singh is alive. Dr Devgarha said they did not take out the bullet earlier as there were chances that efforts to retrieve the bullet could injure the organs further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15066482", "title": "Noida discom cuts supply of consumers stealing electricity", "text": "NOIDA: In the last 10 days, the power distribution company of Noida, Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL) has so far snapped connections of over 1,500 consumers.This action has been taken in accordance with the drive against power theft and against consumers with pending dues of over Rs 5,000.The discoms has even lodged FIRs against more than 25 persons who were found stealing power. The power distribution company has set a target of taking action against 7,500 defaulters in July from among the list of 15,000 defaulters who have pending dues of over Rs 5,000.The discom launched the drive in Noida on July 11. \"By Thursday, we had checked 154 connections on doubts of power pilferage. We detected cosumers stealing power in 33 of these locations against which FIRs have been lodged,\" said superintending engineer of PVVNL, CL Gupta. \"Action has also been initiated to extract the revenues due from these connections where power theft was detected,\" Gupta added.Following orders from the senior officials of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) to disconnect power supply to consumers who have pending dues in excess of Rs 5,000, the discom has compiled a list of more than 15,000 defaulting consumers in the urban divisions of Noida.\"Over the last couple of days, we have disconnected supply to 438 consumers. The total number of disconnections effected so far is nearly 1,500,\" he added.Discom officials said that a strict vigil is being maintained over all consumers whose power connections have been snapped. \"FIRs would be lodged against consumers who are found to be illegally drawing power after their supplies have been disconnected,\" added Gupta.The distribution company has compiled a list of more than 15,000 defaulting consumers in the urban divisions of Noida after getting orders from UPPCL", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074120", "title": "Samantha listens to Mahesh Babu", "text": "The pretty actress, who has been out of action for sometime now, has a new mentor. Apparently, Samantha listens to those with experience. It was reported in a local daily in Hyderabad that the actress has been following the Telugu superstar's advice carefully. It seems when the two were shooting together for their film Dookudu , the actor gave her some tips. Apparently she told the daily, \"I am following Mahesh Babu's instructions.\" So what kind of instructions did he give her? It seems the star told her that she should treat every movie of hers as her first film and work equally hard and with enthusiasm. So she treats this as her new mantra and follows it religiously. So for every film that she signs on she looks at it as her first film. The actress is happy that Mahesh Babu gave her such a valuable tip. The actress has been very lucky in Tollywood and Kollywood bagging some of the best projects. But a recent skin infection made her lose out on some wonderful projects. It looks like she's now ready to bounce back to her number 1 position!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15071691", "title": "Reliance Comm defers cable arm's $1b IPO", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reliance Communications (RCOM) said on Friday it has put on hold the initial public offering (IPO) of its undersea cable unit Flag Telecom in Singapore because of adverse market conditions.\"The company states that it will await supportive market conditions and easing of prevailing global uncertainties to proceed with the offering or listing at an appropriate time in the future in order to unlock the full value of the Flag Telecom assets,\" RCOM said in a statement. The IPO, which was to raise about $1 billion, was put on hold on a day when institutional book building was to close.RCOM was looking at listing Flag Telecom through a Singapore business trust, Global Telecommunications Infrastructure Trust (GTIT) on the Singapore stock exchange. \"Subsequent updates will be provided to the stock exchanges and relevant authorities in due course,\" the statement said.GTIT owns four sub-sea cable systems that carry internet traffic and data around the globe. Deutsche Bank, DBS Group Holdings, Industrial &amp; Commercial Bank of China and Standard Chartered were lead managers for the offering. Sources said the company had extended the closing date for institutional book-building process by a day, and it was to end on Friday.On Monday, it had extended the closing date for its IPO by three days to Thursday. The institutional book-building period for the offer had started on July 9. The telecom major had planned to use the proceeds from the Singapore listing to pare some of its Rs 35,839.3 crore debts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15064427", "title": "NIT to construct 388 flats for middle class", "text": "NAGPUR: The middle class families of Nagpur, who are unable to buy a house inside municipal limits, now have some hope as Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) will construct 388 flats for them. Of course, only a lucky few will be the beneficiaries. The rate of NIT flats are lower than that those constructed by private builders as NIT does not have to purchase the land at high prices.NIT has ventured into public housing for middle class after a gap of over three years. In 2009 it had built a small flat scheme in Bajaj Nagar, which had only 15 flats. Now it is building 188 flats in Bhamti and another 200 in Wathoda. The tender for Bhamti scheme have been floated and will be opened on August 5. The Wathoda scheme will be floated in a month.An NIT official told TOI that the agency had around three acre land in Bhamti near the old defence railway line. \"We will divide the plot into three parts. One will be for single BHK flats, second for two BHK and third for three BHK. We are segregating the buyers as their economic status will be different and may cause trouble later if the campus is the same,\" he said.The official further said that the scheme will have 70 three BHK flats, 48 two BHK and 70 single BHK. \"Our rates will be far below the market rate. The cost of a three BHK will be lower by 15 -20%. The difference for two BHK will be even lower and single BHK will be almost half of that offered by private builders,\" the official said.This time NIT has decided not to start booking before at least 50% of work is done. \"In the past some flat schemes have been delayed due to various reasons. The buyers then frequently complained to us and they have to pay both the housing loan instalment as well as house rent. That is why we will start the booking when we become sure that completion deadline will be met.\"NIT has also decided to build 200 flats for middle class in Wathoda. These schemes too will have single BHK, two BHK and three BHK flats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15064799", "title": "30-minute gun battle between Naxals, cops", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Naxalites ambushed the joint forces of Gadchiroli police and CRPF in Kaneli jungle in Dhanora tehsil on Friday morning. The encounter lasted for around half-an-hour, but no casualty has been reported on either side.Police sources claimed that at around 7.30am a joint combing operation was underway by CRPF and Gadchiroli police in Kaneli jungle under Pendhri sub-police station when the lurking Naxalites started indiscriminately firing at security forces. Security forces retaliated and gun battle lasted for around 30 minutes. Later Naxalites retreated into the jungle following increasing pressure from cops. Anti-Naxal operations have been intensified in the area after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15066036", "title": "Stamping a space odyssey", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy Philatelists' Association has put up an exhibition of thematic stamps on space exploration at the Trichy's Philatelic Bureau that is permanently housed at the entrance of the centrally-located head post office.It is intentionally timed to commemorate man's landing on the moon which took place 44 years ago on July 20, 1969, an event that had created an unprecedented interest in space exploration. Many countries had honoured the occasion by issuing special stamps. The exhibition will be open to public for two weeks from 10am to 5pm on all working days and is compartmentalized into two sections. The first section presented by the association's members chronicles the growth and development of space research as portrayed by philatelic materials issued by various countries while the second section, known as 'Silk Cachet', commemorates various seminal American explorations.There are five frames permanently mounted at the head post office, each frame showcasing 16 exhibits of the size 23X29 inches. Explanatory scribbling if any, should be in blue or black ink, or else the exhibit would not be entertained, said P Soundararajan, president of the Trichy Philatelists' Association. \"When it comes to philately, the quantity does not count as much as its quality of chronicling the history in all its glory,\" he said. Three of the exhibition frames are this time allocated to a philately enthusiast Bhagya Shree Prem Kumar, who had essayed the space odyssey through her stamps, mint stamps and first day covers. Two other exhibition frames are exclusively reserved for the American space odyssey since they were the pioneers in the space venture. Coming as it was a few days after Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams' four-month space journey , the subject created additional interest among youngsters on the first day. who might have been born years after the Neil Amstrong stepped out of the Apollo 11 lunar modeul \"Eagle\" on July 21, 1969.On the stamps on display are Aryabhatta, the first Indian satellite launched on April 19, 1975, the first GSLV flight in 2001, the INSAT series and so on. The Trichy Philatelists' Association, started in 1946, is one of the oldest in the country and also one of the 80 designated offices across the country. The next theme in August will be on Mahatma Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15068953", "title": "Best-dressed women to walk away with Gifts", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the swing festival to welcome the advent of monsoon here, Geetanjali Ladies Club is all set to celebrate it with a bang. And all geared to attend the event dressed in true Ludhianvi glamour, members of the ladies club dressed in best Rajasthani costume and jewellery would be given surprise gifts. One of the gift sponsors for this event is Joy Homes.To do justice to the celebrations, members of the club have especially formed an advisory research committee to look into the history of Teej, its festivities and how it's associated with Rajasthan.\"A great deal of research and quite a few brain-storming sessions have gone into tomorrow's event. We wanted to present everything precisely and also take care not to offend any community. Members of our research committee read books on Teej and browsed various sites to collect the right information,\" said Komal Arora, treasurer of this club. Besides, there would be swings and henna counters, available at the venue for the club members.Among the exciting competitions organized for the occasion, included, hair-do by using flowers and making traditional Rajasthani bindi with different water colours. \"We would engage members through various activities and competitions. The winners will be awarded prizes. Even the competitions will have the Rajasthani flavour. In the hair-do competition, the hair styling will be done completely with flowers,\" said Neeru Singla, club president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15066528", "title": "Peons, sanitary workers collecting tax!", "text": "NAGPUR: Rules are made to be broken, or so the powers that be at Nagpur Municipal Corporation seem to believe. Reeling under a severe staff crunch, the civic body has assigned technical jobs to many Class IV workers and to even sanitary workers.A case in point is Lakadganj zone office (NMC). Here two peons have been entrusted with the job of collecting property tax. In Ashi Nagar zone, a 'hawaldar' (a Class IV employee) has been asked to collect property tax. The officer in-charge justified this on the ground that the department was reeling under severe staff shortage. Citing an example, he said there were around 74,115 registered properties in Lakadganj zone while the zone office has a strength of 33 staffers including 13 inspectors. So the department has roped in two peons for assisting in property tax collection.NMC figures show there are around 64,250 properties with only against 38 staff in Laxmi Nagar zone. The situation is no better in other places. Dharampeth has 32,473 properties and 19 staff, Hanuman Nagar 59,874 properties and 35 staff, Dhantoli 18,158 properties and 13 staff, Nehru Nagar 49,941 properties and 32 staff; Gandhibagh 23,283 properties and 25 staff; Satranjipura 31,038 properties and 22 staff; Ashi Nagar 61,580 properties and 24 staff and Mangalwari 42,632 properties and 28 staff.Official sources said that there were around 5 lakh registered properties under 10 zones. However, properties were not being taxed in outer zones like Lakadganj, Nehru Nagar, Hanuman Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, Ashi Nagar, etc. With the existing staff, the civic body could not meet the 2012-13 annual target of Rs250 crore. \"So, sanitary workers too were engaged in collecting property tax,\" confirmed a senior official from general administration department.He, however, clarified that the Class IV employees who have been engaged in the duty to collect tax were graduates. With 350 of the 904 sanctioned posts lying vacant, staff crunch has badly affected NMC's revenue wing, which is the heart of the corporation. The vacant positions in different categories include five posts of assistant superintendents, 91 revenue inspectors, 59 junior inspectors, 95 tax collectors and 108 mohrils.NMC employees union ( INTUC) president Trisharan Sahare demanded filling up of vacant posts urgently. He alleged that the NMC administration was not doing enough to fill up the vacancies. \"The civic administration should give priority to filling vacant posts in revenue generating departments like property and octroi. If vacancies in revenue wings are filled, revenue will increase manifold,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15067965", "title": "Police use BB to check on drunken driving violators", "text": "Mysore: Henceforth you can't escape easily for subsequent violation of driving under the influence of alcohol. The city police equipped with BlackBerry handsets, they will have details of your previous case of drunken driving, a serious violation of traffic rules, with a touch of a key on their cellphone. Police officers are serious in writing to transport department authorities to cancel licences of such violators.Assistant commissioner of Police (Traffic) Shankregowda told TOI that earlier there was no such system to track previous offences of traffic rule violators. But, BlackBerry handsets have proved to be a boon for cops to check successive violations by same vehicle users. They have been asking the license issuing authority to cancel licence of drivers only in special cases. But here afterwards they will start seeking license cancellation for every second offence especially in drunken driving cases, the ACP stated.Police can access history of previous cases by typing either DL number of violators on the BlackBerry handsets. For subsequent violations, fine amount will be enhanced.Last year, city traffic police had booked 4,939 cases and collected a total of Rs 39 lakh fine through the court. Police booked 3,098 cases in the first half-yearly of this year and collected a fine of Rs 52 lakhs. Court may levy fine up to Rs 2,000 for drunken driving and also imprison the violators for subsequent offences.Counselling for drunken driversConcerned over increasing road accidents involving drunken drivers, the city traffic police zeroed in on counselling to rule violators especially those caught driving under the influence. The initiative started when Praveen Sood was the city police commissioner four years back. Since then, police has been regularly educating drunken drivers at VV Puram police station conference hall on every Sunday.ACP Shankregowda claims their efforts are yielding good results. \"Around 25 percent of the drivers who have undergone counselling have stopped driving. They showed short films of families who lost their members in road accidents. Injured people were also invited to interact during the counselling.Driving under the influence is dangerous as drinking affects central nervous system and automatically it reduces reflexes in human beings. Moreover it reduces a driver's response time which may lead to danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15064764", "title": "Wearing shoes to Deekshabhoomi was unintentional, says constable", "text": "NAGPUR: Constable Pranesh Badhiye has offered to apologize for entering Deekshabhoomi in his shoes while on duty with Baba Ramdev earlier this week. He told his seniors that it was unintentional and the incident happened because he was engrossed in keeping Ramdev's enthusiastic fans at bay.The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS) and another private social organization had wanted action to be taken on Badhiye. A probe was instituted by the city police.\"There were guards from Uttarakhand too but I was to escort Ramdev and ensure that the crowd does not come near him. It slipped my mind that I had to remove my shoes before entering Deekshabhoomi. I am ready to apologize to anyone who sentiment I have hurt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15068968", "title": "Cuts leave residents hot under collar", "text": "LUDHIANA: Thanks to the false promises of Punjab State Power Corporation Ltd (PSPCL), the residents of Ludhiana continue to struggle with power cuts for long hours. The situation worsened on Thursday night - Friday morning, as residents were forced to bear with erratic power supply and low voltage in sweltering heat.Captain (retd) K J S Walia, a resident of Gurdev Nagar, said, \"Low voltage on Thursday night made things quite uncomfortable for us - so much so that even the fan was not working properly. We were all drenched in sweat and could not sleep the entire night. Even in the morning the power supply was irregular.\" Ritu Hans, a homemaker from Rajguru Nagar, said, \"Long and endless power cuts are back to make life miserable for us. All promises of PSPCCL regarding regular, uninterrupted power supply have been exposed. Even God seems to be unhappy with us as despite cloudy days, there have hardly been any rains in the city.\"\"Government has hiked the power tariff, but miserably failed to give us respite from power cuts. Further, power cuts at night are most problematic. Even on Thursday, I could not sleep the entire night and as a result my Friday too was spoiled,\" said Amit Chetal, a resident of SKS Nagar, Phase II.PSPCL Ludhiana executive engineer Sanjeev Prabhakar said, \"Monsoon has been playing hide and seek and thus creating many problems for us. Add to that, the power demand has also increased by over 20% leaving the supply inadequate. However, proper rains would surely improve the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15067015", "title": "RTI activists meet in Porbandar on Sunday", "text": "RAJKOT: This Sunday would see more than 400 Right to Information (RTI) activists from across the state descending on Porbandar to participate in a meet organized by RTI Activists' Association.A lawyer and RTI activist from Porbandar Bhagu Devani said day-long programme would focus on various issues related to the implementation of RTI Act.\"Since RTI Act came into being, a number of scandals have surfaced. But now the government is trying to make it ineffective by different ways and this is very dangerous,'' Devani said. He was attacked a year ago in Porbandar when he had sought information under the RTI.\"The major issue is the security threats to RTI activists in the state. Those people who raise their voice by using the act are being attacked by a powerful lobby. RTI activist Amit Jethwa was murdered two years ago. There is an urgent need ensure security of the activists,\" RTI activist from Porbandar Bhanu Odedara said.He said, \"The state government does not want to implement the act effectively. We do not get information on stipulated time and have to wait for years. All these issues will be discussed by the participants who will also be sharing their experiences at the meet.\"The activists claim that RTI has helped them bring transparency in functioning of government departments besides empowering a common man.There are a number of cases in which common people have used RTI and brought changes in different sectors.\"We want that the government should implement RTI in an effective manner. Gujarat Information Commission should clear the pending appeals as soon as possible,\" an activist from Ahmedabad Bharatsinh Zala, who would be attending the meet, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15066133", "title": "Is Anji Reddy quitting DRL due to ill-health?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Buzz about Dr Reddy's Laboratories (DRL) founder-chairman Dr K Anji Reddy hanging up his boots just got stronger. On Friday, for perhaps the first time in the company's history, the septuagenarian technocrat-turned-entrepreneur did not turn up to address the company's shareholders at its 28th annual general meeting (AGM).Instead, his son K Satish Reddy, who is also the company's managing director and COO, read out the chairman's speech, sparking off intense speculation about the real reason for the DRL founder's absence. Despite company top brass admitting that while the DRL chairman had attended the board meeting on Thursday, he could not make it to the AGM due to ill-health, shareholders couldn't help wonder if his absence signaled the passing of the company's reins to the next generation.\"This is the first time that he has not attended the AGM. Maybe he is hanging up his boots and giving a chance to the next generation. Some day, one has to retire,\" said Ashok Chand, a DRL shareholder since its IPO. Long-standing shareholder Shantilal Shah, who also raised the issue of Reddy's absence during the AGM, said it was a good thing that the company was ensuring succession planning.However, other shareholders like K Satyanarayana Sharma expressed alarm at not seeing Reddy's familiar face at the AGM. \"I feel bad about not seeing him at the AGM.It is a concern... After all, we all know what happened when Ambani senior passed away... Sometimes at the top there is bound to be a clash. But the old always gives way to the new and none of us are here forever,\" Sharma said philosophically.Shareholder S K Mishra added, \"I felt something was amiss because when I asked company officials about the chairman's absence, they did not give a proper response.\" Lending credence to the succession talk is DRL founder's selling off his entire 0.35% personal stake in the company for Rs 98.36 crore to the promoter holding company Dr Reddy's Holdings (DRHL) on November 14, 2011. Since then, the promoters have declared their intent to transfer the entire stake of DRHL to a family trust - APS Trust - as a gift. In fact, the promoters sought the stock market regulator Sebi's nod a couple of months ago to exempt the trust from making an open offer to shareholders as a result of the proposed move, stating that the transaction was part of a private family arrangement aimed at streamlining succession and welfare of the family.DRHL holds a chunk of the 25.57% promoter stake in DRL at 23.39% in addition to the remaining 2.18% stake held by individuals according to the June 2012 shareholding data on BSE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15066305", "title": "Ashok Gehlot trying to oust Jats from OBC category: Sonaram Chaudhary", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress legislator Sonaram Chaudhary on Friday accused chief minister Ashok Gehlot of attempting to \"ouster\" the Jats and some 'prominent' communities from the Other Backward Classes (OBC) category that enjoys 21% quota in government jobs and educational institutions.The ruling party legislator alleged that Gehlot being from the OBC community wanted a bifurcation of the OBC category in a manner that would benefit his (Gehlot's) Mali community. He warned the chief minister of a state-wide agitation by the Jats if the OBC quota was tapered with.\"The Gujjar community's demand for carving out 5% quota for itself and the special backward classes (SBCs) from the OBC category is being used as a ploy to push for the bifurcation,\" Chaudhary said at a press conference here.The Baytoo (Barmer) legislator cited a recent remark by the OBC commission's chairperson, Justice IS Israni (retd), to allege that the chief minister was trying to hit the interests of Jats, Bishnois and Patels, among others, by 'creating an environment' for a review of the communities that are included in the OBC list. Chaudhary alleged that Israni stated in an interview to a vernacular daily last month that the commission would consider removing from the OBC list the communities that have availed the OBC quota benefits for more than 10 years and have now grown influential. Jats were included in the OBC list in 1998.\"Till date, neither the commission chairperson Israni nor chief minister Gehlot has refuted or clarified on the reported statement. This indicates that the Gehlot government and the commission chairperson are actually considering a review to hit Jats and other similarly placed communities in the OBC list,\" Chaudhary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi/jammu", "code": "15065242", "title": "CBI arrests RAW officer for extortion", "text": "NEW DELHI/JAMMU: The Central Bureau of Investigation has arrested a Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) officer along with two persons in a border area of Jammu and Kashmir while allegedly extorting money from a local youth.Dr Dinesh Koul, posted by RAW in R S Pura sector of Jammu region, along with two others -- Rinku and Sehdev -- who acted as his conduits, were allegedly extorting money from a youth by threatening to implicate him in false cases. The CBI arrested all three on Thursday night and produced them before a court there.Koul had allegedly demanded a bribe of Rs 1.2 lakh from the youth and also threatened him with dire consequences if he failed to make the payment. RAW is the external intelligence agency of the country. The youth, whose identity has been kept secret, lodged a complaint with CBI following which the agency laid a trap and caught Koul when he was allegedly accepting a part payment, the agency said.\"We want to unravel the entire racket and more arrests are likely to follow,\" a CBI official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15064817", "title": "Ramzan celebrations: Overcast sky fails to dampen the spirit", "text": "HYDERABAD: The sighting of the crecent moon on Friday night heralded the beginning of the Ramzan month of piety, abstinence and spirituality.There was an unusual delay in declaring Saturday as the first day of Ramzan. According to Maulana Qubool Pasha Shuttari, secretary, Majlis-e-Ulama-e-Deccan, the delay was on account of the overcast skies. \"It took time for us to verify reports of the moon sighting which was seen at Badepalli, a place near Mysore.\"Thousands of mosques in and around the city sounded the siren much after dusk declaring the arrival of the much anticipated month, even as the moon played spoilsport hiding behind dark clouds disappointing many in the city who had gathered on rooftops braving the downpour to catch a glimpse.Excitement was palpable in Pathergatti and other market areas of the Old City where owners of business establishments immediately switched gears, all set for brisk sales of their goods. They said they didn't mind the sleepless nights on account of heavy shopping till the wee hours of the morning. The young and old alike made a beeline for shops selling skullcaps as soon as they heard the distinct sound of the siren. The shopping for Eid would come later.The spring-cleaned restaurants, which turn into a hub of activity all through the holy month, also got ready to start serving the city's favourite Iranian and Arabian variants of piping hot haleem.For many like Syed Suhail, Ramzan is a month of testing one's own resolve and an ideal time to give up bad habits. \"The holy month provides the perfect opportunity to rid oneself of vices such as smoking. I have been addicted to cigarettes for twelve years and intend to kick the butt from today,\" he said. Pan shop owners said that the month usually affects their sales but eventually picks up once the month ends. Mohammed Safi, a cigarette and pan seller from Charminar said, \"As against the 300 to 350 cigarette packets of 10s and 20s sold in other months, the sale goes down to around 220 packets in Ramzan.\"Mosques, both large and small, bustled with activity as the faithful gathered in large numbers to offer taraweeh (special prayers offered during Ramzan) seeking forgiveness and deliverance from sins. It also gave them an opportunity to listen to the Quran in its entirety in the melodious voice of the hafiz (one who has memorised the Quran). Many stayed back after prayers, reading chapters from the holy book.Interestingly, Arabs expatriates from countries such as Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Sudan and Somalia pursuing education in the city started fasting on Friday, in accordance with the arrival of Ramzan in their own countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15067482", "title": "Prolonged dry spell delays arrival of Likh", "text": "INDORE: With arrival of monsoon deviating from its normal routine, bird watchers fear that the city may not get a chance to welcome Lesser Florican this year. The prolonged dry spell of weather has delayed the arrival of the winged visitor, considered one of the 50 rarest birds of the world. It is also popular as Likh, and is counted as one of the four critically endangered bird species of India.These birds make Western Madhya Pradesh mainly Sailana Bird Sanctuary in Ratlam and Sardarpur Bird Sanctuary in Dhar their home between first week of July and first week of October. But till now, not a single bird has been spotted in this area so far.\"Not a single bird has been spotted this year, and it is mainly because of the delay in monsoon,\" said a bird watcher Ajay Gadikar, adding that monsoon attracts this grassland bird. Every year, they come to the state with the onset of monsoon for breeding. If birds didn't turn up this time, it is likely that it would affect their number as well.Bird watcher Dinesh Kothari said that Lesser Florican is one of the smallest bustards of the world and the bird prefers to live in grasslands. Grass of knee length is their preferred habitat. Lesser Florican jumps around 600 to 700 times a day to attract female partner for breeding.The latest census by the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) observes that the birds are losing their homes as well as their number in the country. From 238 of these birds recorded in 1999 in Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Rajasthan, the number has dropped to merely 84 in the year 2011. The survey adds that number of Lesser Florican has witnessed 65 per cent reduction in the last one decade. The number of Lesser Florican visiting the state has come down to 12 in 2011 from 63 in 1999.Ajay Gadikar, who has been keeping an eye on bird activities for the past several years, said that the number of birds has come down drastically.\"Last year, only 5 male Likh at Sailana and 3 in Sardarpur were spotted. Till five years back, around 20 to 25 birds of the species used to visit the state,\" said Gadikar.Expressing his concern regarding non-arrival of Lesser Florican, chief conservator of forest (Research &amp; Extension), Pankaj Shrivastav said that arrival of bird is generally linked with the monsoon. Delay in monsoon means no egg lying and it may lead to abandonment of the area by the bird.\"One Rs 4.5 crore project was prepared two years back for the conservation and protection of this bird, but nothing was materialized,\" said Shrivastav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066774", "title": "Merit list for medical admissions goes up by 1.73 marks", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Merit required for open category students in medical admissions has gone up by 1.73 marks. All the seats across the state have been filled for the open category students. Last year the medical cut off in the open category had stood at 76.22 percent and this year it has gone up to 77.95 percent. The last student to be admitted according to this increased merit percentage was at Bhuj medical college.This time admissions were also held for three new medical colleges at Patan, Valsad and Gandhinagar. The seats at Rajkot and Bhavnagar colleges have also been increased by 50 seats each. A total of 550 new seats have come into existence from this session.The reason why the merit still went up is that students pursuing biology at class 12 level and those who appeared for GUJCAT had scored well. At present 80 seats reserved for scheduled castes and 187 for socially and economically backward class are vacant in the medical colleges.Of the para-medical seats available in the state 635 are vacant in the dental stream, 962 in physiotherapy, 1,056 in nursing, 47 in ayurvedic, 977 in homeopathy and 98 in optometry. The admission committee for medical and para-medical courses has called 1,200 students at BJ Medical College for counseling on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15075839", "title": "Abu Jundal sent to crime branch custody till July 31", "text": "MUMBAI: Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal was produced before an additional chief metropolitan magistrate in Mumbai in connection with the 26/11 terror attack on Saturday morning. The judge sent him to crime branch custody for 10 days.Jundal, who originally belongs to Beed, was deported from Saudi Arabia on June 21 and booked in an arms manufacturing case by the Delhi police. He was on July 20 given in the custody of Maharashtra ATS.Special public prosecutor, U.Nikam, said, \"We have voluminous evidence against him. We also know that some state actors also took part in the attack.\"Nikam told the court that Jundal was present in Pakistan in a special control room during the terror attacks. \"His role was very much major than expected earlier,\" said Nikam, adding Kasab has already pleaded guilty.\"We want to confront Jundal with Kasab. We have eye witnesses and documentary evidence against Jundal. Investigators want to investigate the 'deep routed conspiracy' of the attacks so we need his custody,\" Nikam added.\"He is remanded in custody till July 31,\" said judge Rathor.Jundal is accused of conspiring the 26/11 attacks along with Pakistan's banned outfit, Lashakr-e-Taiba, members. He had, during the attacks, guided, motivated and instructed the terrorists to kill people through a voice over internet protocol ( VoIP ) facility. Till then, nobody even imagined about the presence of an Indian in the Karachi control room.Kasab during the interrogation had said that one Abu Jundal had given them training in speaking Hindi and even supervised their trainings and mock drills for attack. In 2010, it came to light that Jundal could be an Indian - Zabihuddin Ansari - who is wanted in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15064902", "title": "Bhandara district tops the state in NREGS", "text": "BHANDARA: The Bhandara district has topped the state in implementation of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS). The district has given highest employment to labourers in last three months. Over 70,000 labourers were provided employment, creating more than 12 lakh man days in this period. Before this, Nanded district was topping the state but now it is ranked second in the state with 7 lakh man days created.District collector Pradeep Kalbhor said that from April to July 2012, 46,775 families registered for employment under the scheme. The administration has provided employment to 46,624 families (99.99%) In the district, with 50% EGS works executed by the Zilla Parishad and 50% works implemented by various other government agencies. Of these, 60% works were for unskilled labourers while the rest were for skilled workers.The state government has given a target of Rs200 crore to be spent on EGS works, and till now 6,885 works have been completed at a cost of Rs21 crore. Rejuvenation of water bodies, construction of minor village roads, desilting of ex-malgujari tanks, tree plantation, nurseries and similar works were taken up by the gram panchayats under NREGS. Some 80 minor village roads were constructed under the campaign. Minor village roads play a vital role in village development, so these works were taken up on priority basis.Irrigation wells for individual beneficiaries were also taken up under NREGS, with 3,245 wells given administrative approval. This year, 1,633 wells are to be constructed and 750 irrigation wells have been completed. This has helped provide employment to labourers and farmers while increasing irrigation facility, which will result in enhancing economic status.As per the scheme, people got employment for 100 days. Total 73,819 labourers were provided employment, out of which 17,892 were between 18 to 30 yrs, 25,167 were between 30 to 40, 20,026 between 40 and 50, 10,734 between 50 and 60, and 2,583 were older than 60 years. The district administration has spent Rs80 crore on labour wages for these 73,315 labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15067455", "title": "KSEB gets conditional nod to draw gets conditional sanction to draw lines on SmartCity land", "text": "KOCHI: Setting aside a complaint by SmartCity, Kochi, the district collector has given conditional approval for KSEB to draw transmission lines through the land handed over for the IT project. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth on Friday asked KSEB to provide land in lieu of the land used for drawing transmission lines.A committee will be constituted for assessing the extent of land which would be affected by drawing the transmission lines. The committee should submit its report to the district collector within 15 days. Until the committee submits its report, KSEB should not conduct any construction activities in the land, the collector said.The row started after KSEB began erecting towers for drawing transmission lines in the land handed over to SmartCity in 2010. Though KSEB stopped the work after the district administration intervened in the issue as per the request of SmartCity authorities, the electricity board resumed it a couple of months ago. Again, SmartCity promoter TECOM approached the government requesting that KSEB should not be allowed to draw the lines through the area. Government asked the collector to inquire into the complaint and find a solution to the issue.KSEB had offered around two acres owned by it near Kadambrayar to SmartCity in lieu of the land used by it. Later, it backed out from the promise citing that it had to get the approval from its director board to part with the land.According to KSEB they can't avoid erection of towers in the land as alternative land is not available. The transmission line is being drawn to transmit power from the Power Grid Corporation's 440 KV sub-station at Pallikkara to the 220KV sub-station at Brahmapuram. The delay in completing the work has been causing a loss of Rs 60 lakh for KSEB on account of fine given to the Power Grid Corporation. Moreover, it would affect the power supply in the entire state, the KSEB officials argued.Setting aside a complaint by SmartCity, Kochi, the district collector has given conditional approval for the KSEB to draw transmission lines through the land handed over for the IT project. District Collector P I Sheik Pareeth on Friday asked the KSEB to provide land in lieu of the land used for drawing transmission lines.A committee will be constituted for assessing the extent of land which would be affected by drawing the transmission lines. The committee should submit its report to the district collector within 15 days. Until the committee submits its report, the KSEB should not conduct any construction activities in the land, the district collector asked.The row started after KSEB erecting towers for drawing transmission lines in the land handed over to SmartCity in 2010. Though KSEB stopped the work after district administration intervened in the issue as per the request by the SmartCity authorities, the electricity board resumed it a couple of months ago. Then, again, the TECOM approached the government requesting the KSEB should not be allowed to draw the lines through the area. Government asked the district collector inquire into the complaint and find solution to the issue.The KSEB had offered around two acres of land owned by it near Kadambrayar to SmartCity in lieu of the land used by it. Later, KSEB backed out from the promise citing that it had to get the approval from its director board to part with its land.According to the KSEB they can't avoid erection of towers in the land as alternative land is not available. The transmission line is being drawn to transmit power from Power Grid Corporation's 440 KV sub-station at Pallikkara to the 220 KV sub-station at Brahmapuram. The delay in completing the work has been causing a loss Rs 60 lakh for the KSEB on account of fine given to the Power Grid Corporation. Moreover, it would affect the power supply in the entire state, the KSEB officials argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15066935", "title": "Green light to Metro from Mundka to Bahadurgarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana cabinet, on Friday, approved the extension of Delhi Metro from Mundka to Bahadurgarh. The state will spend Rs 788 crore on this project, including a contribution of Rs 152 crore as grant towards one-third equity of Delhi segment.On the request of Haryana government, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Limited (DMRCL) had prepared the detailed project report of Mundka-Bahadurgarh Corridor in May, 2007.Three years back, Haryana government conveyed its decision to DMRC that the metro line may be terminated at City Park instead of the bus stand at Bahadurgarh.DMRCL then intimated that the only way to push the project forward was for the Haryana government to execute the entire project (including Delhi portion). DMRCL said the total cost of the project may have to be shared by Haryana government and the central government in the ratio of 80:20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15065693", "title": "Big victims of shrinking prey base", "text": "LUCKNOW: Once considered as a natural abode for the wild animals, the forests are no longer able to support them. And with continuous decline in the prey base in the forest areas, the wild animals are moving towards urban areas, resulting in man-animal conflict.The leopard which was rescued on Thursday had walked all the way from Terai to Maal, some 25 kilometres away from Lucknow. In January, a tiger from South Kheri took shelter in Rahmankhera forest, almost 250 kilometres away from its original dwelling place, well within the city limits. Prior to this, a Pilibhit tigress, in 2008, had moved through Shahjahanpur, Sitapur, Barabanki and Faizabad, encountering men throughout its trail.Initially, the act of straying by wild animals was limited to the villages in the periphery of the forest. But, the past few incidents show the big cats are covering long distances to reach out to better areas. It was the want of a better habitat which localised a stray tiger at Rahmankhera for close to four months. Rahmankhera's forest patch had a good prey base, consisting of blue bulls and wild boars in abundance.Situated along the Sharda canal and secluded by a railway track on one side, the patch formed a perfect habitat for the big cat. If the stray cat found Rahmankhera a better habitat than Kheri forest, it was not without reasons. UP forests are reeling under increased biotic pressure. The dependence of humans on forest is increasing, as a result of which, there are more humans walking in and out of forest area at any point of time.The forests are now volatile, and encroachers are eating into the forest area, pushing wildlife out of its territory. \"If there was a single family living within the forest area 20 years back, it has grown into four separate families now,\" said one of the forest officers.As per the estimation of forest department, some 503.12 hectare area is encroached in Dudhwa and 324.09 hectare in Katarniaghat, both of which are protected forest areas. While, there are 281 cases of encroachment in Dudhwa till June 2012, six cases of encroachment are registered in Katarniaghat.Forest officials find it difficult to drive out encroachers because most of them had their forefathers living on forest land since the pre-Independence era. However, this does not mean there is no fresh encroachment. Infact, Kheri forests has human settlements within the forest area.Within the forest, it's a struggle for survival. The depleting forest cover and declining prey base has made it a 'tiger versus leopard' struggle. And, it's the declining prey base, which lures the big cats to human settlements. The lack of perennial water sources inside forest area also makes wild animals venture out.Experts are of the view that forest management can help in this regard. There is a need to restore the native varieties of weeds and grass, which the herbivores used to eat. Foreign weeds like lantana make the forest area unfit for herbivores like cheetals and sambhars, the main food for tigers.While, the forest officers accept that a lot has to be done to improve wild habitat, they say resource crunch is the main stumbling block. \"In some of the divisions, team gets a rickety jeep for patrolling\", said one of the forest officers. The forest guards are not only less in number, more than half of the workforce has aged. The forest mafia and poachers are better armed than forest teams,\" said another.The number of men dying in tiger attacks, in the country, every year, in the 80s and 90s was between 50 and 60. The number, now, has come down to 15 or so. But, what makes the present conflict severe is wild animals coming to cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15067100", "title": "Land freed of encroachments", "text": "RAJKOT: A 4,000 square-metre government land estimated to be worth about Rs 2 crore was freed of illegal encroachment in Kotharia area of the city on Friday.The demolition drive was carried out by the district administration officials led by taluka mamlatdar, circle officer and talatis under the supervision of the district collector.\"There were about a dozen illegal constructions on the land whose owners were issued notices by taluka mamlatdar on the instruction of the collector on Thursday. And within 24 hours, the demolition drive was launched,\" a district administration official said.The demolished structures included six houses, 25 plinths and three courtyards on survey number 305 and 307 of ULC and Kothariya survey number 352.The encroachers who were issued notices have been identified as Ratha Bharwad, Karsan and Rupali Industries among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15065816", "title": "Railways changes Pushpak's platform", "text": "LUCKNOW: The train number 12533 Pushpak Express will operate from the changed platform from July 21 to September 15.The Lucknow division of North Eastern Railway has changed the platforms for some of the train between July 21 and September 15. While Pushpak Express will run from platform number 6 instead of platform number 1, train number 18192 Utsarg Express will operate from platform number 2 instead of platform number 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065470", "title": "Sexual assault bill okayed by Cabinet covers most forms of exploitation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Changes in laws dealing with sexual assault approved by the Cabinet define \"position of authority\" to include social, political and economic dominance over a victim of rape - parameters wide enough to encompass most forms of exploitation.The fine print of Thursday's Cabinet decision also retains an important caveat to making 18 the age of consent with an exception being made -- with reference to Section 375 of the Indian Penal Code -- that the enhanced age bar will not apply in the case of married couples.In other words, sexual intercourse within marriage will not amount to statutory rape if the wife is less than 18 years of age. The exception seems to keep in mind India's social reality, particularly in rural areas, where the female age of marriage is often below 18 despite legal provisions.Section 375 says, \"Sexual intercourse by a man with his own wife, the wife not being under fifteen years of age, is not rape.\"Sexual crimes due to abuse of authority, termed as \"aggravated assault\", have provisions that are both severe and widely defined. They not only include sexual crimes by police officials and heads of institutions caring for women and children, but also incest-rapes by close relatives such as fathers, brothers and uncles.In such cases, the court's leeway in assessing evidence has been reduced. The new provisions say that the courts will have to presume that consent for sexual intercourse was not given if the victim says so. The account of the victim will prevail while judging consent, often central to deciding where rape has been committed. This will knock the \"quality of consent\" argument out of the court room.The punishment for aggravated sexual assault can range from 10 years to life in jail where an accused is seen to have abused a position of \"social, economic or political dominance\". Similar clauses apply to assault where the victim is pregnant or where the crime results in grievous harm, the Cabinet note states.There is a specific provision for assault by an ex-husband where the punishment can range between 2 to 7 years in prison. As far as possible, victims of sexual assaults will not be confronted with persons accused of the crime while there are strict provisions for dealing with officials who fail to implement court orders.In the sections dealing with acid attacks, even an attempt to disfigure can attract tough punishment. So also intent to assault a person can be adjudged to be a crime.Times ViewThese changes in the laws covering sexual assault are for the most part welcome. Clearly, the change to the age of consent provision had to be made keeping the Indian reality in mind since it would otherwise have made even marital sex illegal where the woman was under 18 years of age. The wide definition of what constitutes a position of authority too is a positive development, since authority does not always flow only from formal positions. As with all laws, how well these changes work on the ground will depend on how effectively the law is enforced. That, in turn, will depend to a large extent on how well the police force is trained to shed its old mindsets and adopt the more modern, progressive outlook that the new provisions by and large reflect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15073003", "title": "Minister visits injured passengers, assures precautionary measures", "text": "MUMBAI: Minister of state for railways K H Muniyappa arrived at Kasara, situated in the far flung suburbs of Mumbai, to inspect the site where the Mumbai-Gondia Vidarbha Express had met with an accident with the derailed bogies of a suburban train. He also visited the Nashik hospital, where four patients have been admitted with serious injuries.One passenger had died in the accident while several others had a miraculous escape. Among others present with the minister were Vinay Mittal, Chairman Railway Board and Subodh Jain, general manager of Central Railway. Earlier, Union railways minister Mukul Roy had announced an ex-gratia of Rs 5 lakh to the dead, Rs.1 lakh each to the grievously injured and Rs.25000 each to the persons sustained simple injury.Sources said that while official figures indicated that 14 persons were injured, local villagers said that more than 30 passengers sustained injuries and many were discharged after being treated. Some went to hospitals in Mumbai.While one passenger was shifted to Kalyan railway hospital, two others got admitted to Fortis hospital in Mulund, sources in CR said. Sources said the the minister of state has assured that precautionary measures will be taken to prevent accidents due to landslides in the Kasara ghats in future. The mishap on Thursday night took place due to the landslide in the Kasara section of the ghat. A huge boulder hit the suburban train travelling at high speed from Kasara to CST.It hit nearly five to seven coaches of the local train and threw 11 bogies off the tracks. Within 2 minutes, the Vidarbha Express coming from the other side collided with the derailed coaches as the engine driver applied brakes at the eleventh hour. The Express train, which was running at over 100 kmph, came to a halt but due to the sudden braking, the engine derailed and one of the coaches (No 10) jumps over another (coach No 9).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15072063", "title": "Shoaib Akhtar suggests PCB not to invite foreign teams to Pakistan", "text": "LAHORE: Former Pakistan pacer Shoaib Akhtar has ruffled feathers in the Pakistan Cricket Board and in government circles by suggesting that the PCB should avoid inviting foreign teams to the country because of the security situation.Former speedster, who regularly used to clash with the establishment during his playing days, told reporters in Rawalpindi that condition in Pakistan was not conducive for inviting foreign teams to play international cricket.\"Our citizens are not safe and there is a war going on in the country. Therefore, inviting a team in these conditions will be risky,\" he said.\"What if a visiting team is attacked again? So I would advice to the PCB not to invite foreign teams since the country is not in a position to stage any international event,\" he added.Reacting to his statement, a board official said Shoaib needed to understand the sensitivities of some issues.\"Everyone knows what the ground realities are in Pakistan at the moment but some things don't need to be stated publicly. But since he is a retired player he has the right to air his opinions although those views might not help Pakistan cricket,\" the official said.No Test playing nation has visited Pakistan since militants attacked the Sri Lankan cricket team in Lahore in March 2009. And the PCB were being forced to organise its \"home\" series abroad at neutral venues with most of these being played in the United Arab Emirates in the last three years.PCB is set to host Australia for a series in August in the UAE yet again.However, since Zaka Ashraf took over as chairman of the PCB last year in October he has been trying to not only convince teams to play in Pakistan but has recently also managed to resumed bilateral ties with India.In April, Pakistan had invited Bangladesh to play a short series of two matches to signal the resumption of international cricket in Pakistan but the tour didn't materialise at the last moment due to a court injunction in Dhaka.The PCB, meanwhile, is also not happy with Shoaib's stating that he didn't see 70-year-old people in the board capable of organising the Pakistan Premier League (PPL).\"Seventy year old people can't organise the PPL. The PCB should hire services of foreign consultants instead of old people for hosting a successful event if it really wants to organise the PPL,\" the former fast bowler had said.The board official said that the PCB was already in the process of appointing an independent commissioner for the PPL for which advertisement was placed for people to apply.\"We have even got some foreign companies to show interest in the PPL and make presentations. So apparently Shoaib is not aware of what is happening,\" he said.Shoaib himself is interested and ready to play in the PPL when it is launched and wants his name to be included in the players' list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15068445", "title": "Heavy rain disrupts morning charm...", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Vehicles nearly afloat on floodwater, kids putting in their best to walk and carry their huge backpacks to school through the muddle, non-functional traffic lights and missing traffic cops had Chandigarh in a hodgepodge on Friday morning.It rained heavy only for sometime but the city's drainage was as usual, choked to the brim. One-by-one, the claims of the MC's engineering wing of clear roads this monsoon, were washed away. Roundabouts at many places were almost inundated. Branches of overgrown trees, drenched with rainwater, stooped low getting commuters to watch their tops, especially those on two-wheelers.Traffic came to a standstill, long queues of vehicles jammed the roads and with no cop present to manually direct traffic, people began to drive over intersections making for rather an ugly sight. Floodwater reached to the 66KV power house in Ramdarbar area putting fire brigade department in a tough job of flushing the flow before it caused any hazard. To name a few, Matka Chowk, Kisan Bhawan roundabout, Piccadilly roundabout and GMCH roundabout, trouble was everywhere. Markets and residential areas, especially in the south, had been adversely affected.Before city residents could enjoy the pleasant weather on Friday, power supply was snapped in several parts of the city around 10am. And it turned out to be an endless wait in many sectors as power was restored only around 8pm. UT electricity department's list of excuses included a fault with the sub station in Sector 52 which draws supply from Mohali and local faults like burning of transformers and cables.In sectors 11, 15, 18, 19, 22, 25, 27, 35, 37, 38, 40 were without electricity since morning till evening hours. The centralized control room of the electricity department was flooded with calls of city residents. \"The voltage was so low that the fans were barely moving,\" said Prateek Yadav, a resident of Sector 21. \"The weather was so beautiful but the power cut spoiled the fun. My inverter too gave up after the long power cut and all daily chores were affected,\" said Ranbeer Singh Grewal, a resident of Sector 35.\"Whenever I call the electricity department to inquire about the power cut, they keep saying that the power will resume in another 10 minutes. But sadly these minutes invariably turn into hours,\" said Sumita Sood, a resident of Sector 11.\"I thought the monsoon will bring some relief from the heat, but frequent power failures have ruined all the fun,\" said Rajan Gujral, a resident of Sector 38.Superintending engineer (electricity) M P Singh, said, \"There was no shortfall in the supply. The breakdowns were due to faults at several places.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15066151", "title": "Woman kills hubby over illicit affair", "text": "TRICHY: An illicit relationship cost a man his life, after his wife, who could not tolerate her husband's behaviour anymore, cut off his genital, and then murdered him late on Thursday night. Police said that the victim was having an illicit relationship with one of his relatives, much to the chagrin of his wife.Police said that Varatharaj (40), a barber from Keela Panjappur in Trichy district was married to Saratha (36).The couple have two children. Varatharaj allegedly developed an illicit relationship with Vasantha (36), wife of Varatharaj's brother Selvaraj in Perambalur. According to police, Selvaraj and Vasantha did not have any children.Adding insult to the injury, Vasantha separated from her husband and started a new life with Varatharaj near Patti Road in Trichy.Despite strong opposition from both their families, they continued the relationship. Recently, Vasantha gave birth to Varatharaj's child. This incident provoked Saratha further.An infuriated Saratha decided that she couldn't take it anymore and planned to eliminate her husband.On Thursday night, Varatharaj was asleep under the influence of alcohol at their residence, according to police. An irate Saratha attacked him with a hook. Then, she cut off his genital too. Varatharaj died on the spot.A Pudhur police visited the couple's residence and sent the body for postmortem to the Annal Gandhi memorial government hospital.The police arrested Saratha and remanded her in judicial custody. She was sent to the Trichy central prison. The police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15076211", "title": "Opportunities for young filmmakers at LA-India connect!", "text": "These are exciting and changing times in the film and entertainment industry. If you are talented, then the sky is the limit. The windows of opportunities are opening for young film students. The LA India Film Council recently announced a unique online short film competition to encourage creativity and ideas from film students in India and Los Angeles.'LA - India Connect' will provide an opportunity to students to showcase their imagination and story-telling ability by making a short film based on the 'Hollywood - Bollywood' theme. Participants will be judged on their ability to create a film that touches hearts beyond geographical boundaries. Films must be no more than ten minutes duration.The winners of the competition, from India and Los Angeles, will each receive a cash prize of USD$1,000 and an opportunity to gain experience with a leading production company.The short film entries will be made available to view on line and the viewers will be able to vote for their favourite film, and the winning film will receive the \"Most Popular Film Award\". Additionally, every participant will get an opportunity to generate revenue from their film through Pocket Films, a short film division of 1takemedia.com, India's leading aggregator and distributor of alternate content.The competition will be judged by a jury of high-profile film industry representatives from Los Angeles and India, including Shekhar Kapur, Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra, Mahesh Bhatt, Nagesh Kukunoor , D.J Narain - Director, Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Ravi Gupta -Dean, Whistling Woods International (WWI), D. Suresh Babu- President, Andhra Pradesh Film Chamber of Commerce, Dean Teri Schwartz - UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television and Steve Weinstein -President &amp; CEO, MovieLabs.Critically acclaimed filmmaker Shekhar Kapur said in an official release, \"The LA - India Connect contest leaves the canvas open for students to paint their imagination through the medium of short films. I encourage all participants to push their creative boundaries and express themselves through their films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15067523", "title": "Met department predicts rain by this weekend", "text": "INDORE: Long wait for heavy showers might end as meteorological department predicts continuous rainfall in the next few days. If prediction of the met department comes true, the weekend will turn out to be pleasant with scope for Indoreans to rejoice.A meteorological department staff at Bhopal said an upper cyclonic circulation has formed above Bay of Bengal , and it is expected to influence rain in Madhya Pradesh and western parts of the state in particular.\"Right now, cyclonic circulation is in the north-west region of Bay of Bengal. Though it is moving towards western area, and monsoon is also coming down,\" he said adding that heavy rains in the next few days will compensate for the deficit of rainfall caused by delay in monsoon.Low pressure area, created over Bay of Bengal, is likely to bring scattered to heavy rain over central India including the state. Rain is likely to continue till next week.Right now, the central India has rainfall deficit of around 26 per cent.The department is hoping for normal rainfall within a range of +19 per cent to -19 per cent of the average rainfall. Previous year, the state had received 114 cm of rainfall against the average rainfall of 99 cm. This year, there is deficit of around 6 cm of rainfall. Till now, the state should have received 29 cm of rainfall against 23 cm recorded.Saurab Shrivastav, an IT professional said that he has been waiting for heavy rainfall for quite some time now. \"We will make all necessary arrangements to celebrate the monsoon with delicious pakodas,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15075721", "title": "Future looks bright for SEPT", "text": "KOCHI: It was a dream come true for everyone when the legendary footballer Maradona shook hands with them. The 16-member Under-12 football team from the Sports &amp; Education Promotion Trust (SEPT), Kozhikode met the former Argentine star during their Dubai tour in 2012 April.The team, selected from various centres of SEPT, played six matches in the Dubai International Super Cup and won four. It was another big feat for SEPT, which started in 2004 with just 140 students, as they go from strength to strength with an aim to start more coaching centres across the state in the coming years.Arun K Nanu, the chairman of SEPT, says money making is not their agenda. \"Our methods are different. We started SEPT to find out young talent from rural and tribal areas and have succeeded in it. We don't charge the students and provide them football kits once they complete three years in any of our centres,\" said Arun.SEPT used to bring former international stars like IM Vijayan and Jo Paul Anchery to the camps to boost the confidence of players. Besides this, Brazilian coach Luiz Greco and German coach Volker Jung visit the academy once in six months to give training to coaches at the centres.When coaching centres and summer camps charge hefty amounts from the aspiring talents in different sports, SEPT has made its mark giving free coaching to the selected kids. Getting advanced training from experienced foreign and Indian coaches is a big thing for many parents.\"My son Arnav Ajith has completed four years in SEPT's Kozhikode city centre. It's big achievement for many of us. Though some us are able to spend some money for coaching and other extra-curricular activities, they don't charge anything from us and provide the best possible coaching for our kids,\" said Ajith Viswanath.Though many schools conduct summer camps during the vacation, SEPT's long-term plan will survive and win many laurels in the future, believes head coach Manoj Kumar .\"It was surprising to see our kids' transformation in the second match of the Dubai tour. They won many football lovers' hearts in Dubai and returned home with more confidence. Though we give them scientific training, we are still trying our best to get a quality football ground for the young talents,\" said Manoj Kumar.SEPT is an academy where a player won't be appreciated if he fails to maintain his academic standards. Players are told to give importance to studies. \"It's a great sign that our kids are taking football very seriously. For them, training is a serious business and they don't like to skip a session,\" said Arun K Nanu.Anandu KP, a 12 year old kid who travels more than 110 kilometers to and fro to attend training sessions on Saturdays and Sundays is the finest example for the kids' passion towards the game. Anandu who wants to become a professional goalkeeper says absence of quality grounds is the major issue faced by kids at SEPT.\"We all want to play football on a well-maintained ground and then only our skills will improve. We hope SEPT will have a good ground soon,\" said Anandu.Apart from Malappuram boy K Asil's entry into Tata Football Academy recently, SEPT's achievements in the recent past saw two players, Hanan Javed &amp; Anis Kaithara getting nine-month scholarships for specialized training at the IMG Academy, Florida USA, under the IMG- Reliance Scholarship programme organized by the All India Football Federation in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15067095", "title": "Littering will prove costly for citizens", "text": "RAJKOT: Littering on roads will cost citizens dear now.Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) will set up a health and sanitation mobile court (HSMC) in the city. The civic body's standing committee on Friday approved the proposal to initiate the process in this regard.\"RMC has no legal power to fine anyone who is found guilty for littering the city. If anyone found dirtying in public places or dumping garbage on roads, RMC can only charge administrative charges from the people,'' chairman, standing committee, RMC, Jayman Upadhyay said.\"The proposed court will solve many problems in the city so far as health and sanitation is concerned. The mobile court will save our time and will help us to make the city cleaner,'' Upadhyay said.RMC officials said it has become necessary to employ a mechanism that would take care of such complaints effectively and penalize erring persons.\"The mobile courts will ensure that such persons are penalized at the very place where a violation is noticed. The court will be set up on the lines of the one established in Ahmedabad in 2009. RMC will send the proposal to urban development department and it will then move to home department as police personnel and a judge will be appointed by the state government. A prisoner van will also be kept with the court to detain persons who do not pay a fine,\" he said. RMC officials expect that it will take at least six months to get necessary clearances from various state government departments to establish the mobile court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065987", "title": "Rising water levels: In 24 hours, rains bring 15 days' water into Pune", "text": "PUNE: The catchment areas of the dams supplying water to the city received heavy rainfall for the fourth consecutive day on Friday. In the last 24 hours, ending 5 pm on Friday, the four dams received 0.74 TMC water - enough to meet the city's needs for 15 days. Pavana dam in Maval taluka, which provides water to Pimpri-Chinchwad, has also risen to 2.3 TMC.Between 5 am and 6 pm, the catchment areas around Khadakwasla received 3 mm rainfall, Varasgaon had 14 mm, while Panshet and Temghar recorded 11 mm each.\"Continuous rainfall over the last four days has led to an increase in the water storage of the four dams,\" said an official from the irrigation department. \"Rainfall in the Konkan region that borders Pune district, has also helped increase the water in these dams,\" he added. The water availability in the four dams, which was 2.14 TMC at 5 pm on Wednesday, went up to 4 TMC by 5 pm on Friday, an increase of 1.76 TMC - enough to meet the city's water needs for one-and-a-half months.Over the same period, the water level in Pavana dam, which provides water to Pimpri-Chinchwad, Dehu Road Cantonment, as well as several villages in Maval taluka, increased from 1.75 TMC to 2.3 TMC. In the 12 hours from 7 pm on Thursday to 7 am on Friday, there was 100 mm rain in the catchment areas, official sources said.Shivaji Bolbhat, executive engineer of the state irrigation department said, \"The catchment areas in Pavana dam in Maval taluka have been getting considerable rain for the last four to five days.\"\"The total storage capacity of the dam is 97.70 TMC, while its live storage is 66.56 TMC,\" said an official at Pavana dam. \"The water storage in the dam reached its lowest level on July 4 when it was filled to just 17.78 per cent of its total capacity. The level has increased significantly over the last five days,\" he added.So far this monsoon, there has been just 944 mm rainfall in the area. During the same period last year (till July 20, 2011), the area had received 1,746 mm rainfall. The dam had been filled up to 60.93 % of its total capacity on July 20, 2011, the officials said.MT Kamble, city engineer, PCMC said, \"Now there is sufficient water in Pavana dam to meet our drinking water needs. Since the rain has been falling steadily for the last four or five days, we do not intend to impose a water cut in the city.\"\"The PCMC water supply department had stopped giving water connections to new construction sites from the end of May to conserve the drinking water. We have asked builders not to use drinking water for construction purposes,\" Kamble said.The PCMC draws about 420 million litres per day (MLD) water from the Pavana river to supply it to the city. Pavana dam is located about 40 km from Pimpri-Chinchwad city. Water released from the dam in the river is drawn at Ravet, a fringe area of Pimpri-Chinchwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065633", "title": "Now, state aid for cold wave-hit crops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, damage to crops due to cold wave/frost will be eligible for central and state assistance following the government's decision to consider such weather condition as natural calamity.At present, cyclone, drought, earthquake, fire, flood, tsunami, hailstorm, landslide, avalanche, cloud burst and pest attack are treated as natural calamities and are eligible for relief under the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) and National Disaster Response Fund (NDRF).\"The Cabinet decided to include cold wave/frost as an eligible calamity for relief under the SDRF and the NDRF,\" a government statement said.The decision of the Cabinet, which met on Thursday evening, comes following the recommendations of the Group of Ministers (GoM) on inclusion of cold wave and frost into the list of calamities eligible for assistance.The GoM, which was constituted in February, 2011, to look into this issue, comprised former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, agriculture minister Sharad Pawar, home minister P Chidambaram and Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia.The proposal was taken by the GoM on requests from the chief minister of Madhya Pradesh, which faced damage to rabi crops like wheat and pulses last year due to extreme cold conditions. The MP CM was 'special invitee' to the GoM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15065122", "title": "Medicines at Goa medical college to be low-cost", "text": "PORVORIM: The Goa legislative assembly on Friday passed a resolution to sell medicines at discounted rates to patients at the Goa medical college and hospital (GMC), Bambolim.The private members' resolution was moved by St Andre BJP MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh. The MLA's resolution was that the government should start a pharmacy at the GMC to sell medicines at 10% discount to patients.Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar, with the backing of chief minister Manoha Parrikar, agreed to the resolution in a modified form. The words \"at 10% discount\" were dropped and only \"at discounted rates\" was kept. The resolution was passed in this form.Speaking on the resolution, Wagh said that when patients are admitted to the GMC, the hospital staff repeatedly give them prescriptions and ask them to get medicines from outside. Although there are two pharmacies in the hospital complex, patients get no discounts there. Wagh said that to ease the burden of the common man, the government should start a pharmacy there that sells medicines at 10% to 15% discount.While pointing out that GMC has a 1,400 bed capacity and that it has 90% occupancy, Parsekar said that inpatients who are admitted to the hospital get free medicines. He said that it is not feasible to give all medicines free to about 1,500 patients who visit the OPD daily because OPD patients already get about 159 types of medicines free.The health minister said that free medicines include life saving drugs like anti-cancer drugs that cost 1 lakh per dose or antibiotics that cost 4,000 per dose. Other free medicines include orthopedic implants that cost upto 50,000, anti-rabbies vaccines, etc. Parsekar said that the annual GMC expenditure of about 4 crore in the last three years was rising to about 32 crore this year. Considering the two district hospitals, the community health centres, primary health centres and other sub-centres, the annual expenditure on free medicine was in the range of 50 crore, Parsekar said.But Wagh refuted the minister's claim that inpatients get free medicine and even offered to show him prescriptions given to inpatients to buy medicines on their own. Wagh alleged that the quantum of medicines given free are not in line with the quantum of medicines procured.In response, Parsekar said that medicine purchase committee needs to be looked at, that more controls are needed and that leakages need to be plugged. The resolution was later adopted in the modified form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065753", "title": "No I-T return needed for salary up to Rs 5 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Salaried employees with an annual income of up to Rs 5 lakh are exempted from filing income tax returns for assessment year 2012-13 provided they don't have any other income, the Central Board of Direct Taxes said on Friday.Individuals having interest earnings from savings bank deposits are also exempted from filing returns if the interest component is less than Rs 10,000 a year. The total income of Rs 5 lakh means gross income of an employee after deductions.The exemption has been made conditional to an employee having provided his Permanent Account Number to his employer and all interest income from savings bank being reported before Form 16 is generated.Exemption to file returns also applies to those whose tax liability has been taken care of by the employer and deposited to the government through Tax Deducted at Source deposits. In case an employee has tax refund claim, he will need to file returns. The exemption will also not apply to those to whom the tax authorities have issued notice to file I-T returns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "15062800", "title": "UNSC approves 30-day extension for Syria monitors", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: UN Security Council on Friday unanimously agreed to extend the UN monitoring mission in Syria for 30 days, agreeing to consider further extension only if the government and rebels there cease the use of heavy weapons and stop violence.The 15-nation Council voted to adopt the British-drafted resolution a day after permanent members Russia and China vetoed another resolution that would have threatened President Bashar Al Assad's regime with sanctions if Syrian authorities did not stop using heavy weapons and withdrew troops from towns and cities within 10 days.The UN Supervision Mission in Syria (UNSMIS) was established in April with an initial 90-day mandate, which expired on Friday.The extension is for a final period of 30 days, \"taking into consideration Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's recommendations to reconfigure the mission and taking into consideration the operational implications of the increasingly dangerous security situation in Syria.\"The resolution states that the Council would only consider further extensions to the mission \"in the event that the Secretary-General reports and the Security Council confirms the cessation of the use of heavy weapons and a reduction in the level of violence sufficient by all sides\" to allow the UNSMIS monitors to implement their mandate.Britain's UN ambassador Mark Lyall Grant said \"if over the next 30 days there is a change in that dynamic and those conditions are met then of course the Security Council, on a recommendation by the Secretary-General, will look again at the future of UNSMIS.\"US ambassador to the UN Susan Rice told reporters the 30-day extension would allow the UN mission to withdraw from the country \"safely and orderly\", with priority being given to ensuring the security of UN personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065591", "title": "Teen targets sister\u2019s lover, kills friend", "text": "NEW DELHI: A youth had a close shave but his friend was killed when the teenage brother of his girlfriend, who was opposed to the relationship, allegedly shot at them in the Mangolpuri area in Outer Delhi. The incident, which took place on Tuesday, led to the arrest of the 16-year-old boy and his aide Manoj (22) on Thursday.Pradeep and his friend Tinku were going to buy a TV remote when the accused allegedly fired at them. Tinku died on the spot while Pradeep escaped with minor injuries.\"Locals were angry as Tinku's two sisters will be all alone as their parents had already died. Pradeep was scared and initially did not co-operate with us but later he helped us,\" B S Jaiswal, deputy commissioner of police (outer), said.Pradeep has told police that the girl told her that her brother was allegedly making plans to harm him, but he ignored her advice, Jaiswal said.\"The brother was very angry with Pradeep. The accused had warned Pradeep several times but he did not care. So they hatched a conspiracy to eliminate Pradeep and procured a countrymade pistol from Baghpat (UP),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "manesar", "code": "15072640", "title": "Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant closed for third day", "text": "MANESAR: Maruti Suzuki India's Manesar plant will remain closed for the third day on Friday after the violence on Wednesday in which one senior company official was killed, while the police has said most of the workers who instigated the incident have been identified.\"The plant will remain closed today,\" a company spokesperson said.The production loss has so far mounted to about Rs 210 crore. The plant rolls out about 1,600 units per day. In terms of value, the per day loss is about Rs 70 crore.Meanwhile, the police said it has identified most of the workers who instigated the violence.\"No further arrests have been made so far but we have identified majority of the workers who instigated other workers and committed the crime,\" DCP Gurgaon Maheshwar Dayal told PTI.He said most of them are union leaders and executive members of the workers union who were having negotiations with management officials prior to the incident.Already 91 employees, who were arrested, have been remanded to 14 days judicial custody on Thursday by a local magistrate.Yesterday, the company management had said it would not compromise on violence and was considering lockout of the plant as one of the options for now.\"Suzuki Motor Corp has asked us not to compromise on violence...we are cooperating with the police and district administration in the investigations... if this is found to be planned and orchestrated from outside, I can't accept this,\" Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) managing director Shinzo Nakanishi had said.However, MSI chief operating officer (Administration) S Y Siddiqui said while in the long term the company was committed to the smooth operations of the plant at Manesar, \"in the short term we are considering various options, including a lockout\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15063805", "title": "Army restores access to flood-hit village in flood-affected North Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Army engineers from the Kripan Division near Binnaguri successfully restored connectivity to the Khairkatta village near Nagrakata in North Bengal.Nearly 2,000 villagers were marooned for five days after the Kuchhi Diana river breached its embankments and washed away the sole wooden bridge to the village. Initially, the civil administration had employed two elephants of the forest department to keep the village supplied but this was not a permanent solution.\"Resources from Trishakti Corps were mobilized and a single span 90-feet Bailey Bridge was readied in an overnight operation that started on Tuesday evening. This was achieved in spite of the torrential rain and the raging waters of the river below. The civil administration also provided manpower to strengthen the abutments. With more rains expected in the next two months, the bridge will play a very important role,\" an officer said.Army columns have been kept on stand-by for rescue and reliefoperations with most rivers in the Dooars flowing over their danger marks. The IAF has also been asked to remain prepared for air-drop operations should the need arise and aid be sought from the civil administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066796", "title": "Protruding rock may have fallen in heavy rain: Rail officials", "text": "MUMBAI: The collision of the Vidarbha Express with the derailed coach of the Kasara local is being blamed on the portion of the rock that had protruded from the hill adjacent to railway lines. A part of this rock may have fell causing derailment and subsequent accident.\"There is no record of similar incident having occurred in the past at this point, which is located on Kasara-Igatpuri section. Ideally, such landslides occur only where there is natural stream. There was no such stream flowing from this hillock but the incident happened due to heavy rains. We have decided to shave-off the hill but this can only be done after the monsoon,\" Central Railway general manager Subodh Jain told TOI.Jain had passed by the route three hours before the incident had occurred. CR officials maintained that spot has been safe for operations. \"Already, the loose formations from the 15-feet high hillock have been removed to ensure that there is no repeat of a similar incident in the future,\" he said.CR will also undertake an inspection along the ghat section to ensure that there no vulnerable spots. CR does carry out preventive measure before the monsoon but only at landslide-prone spots. The measure includes building of retaining wall to prevent mud from accumulating on the tracks, providing netting to prevent falling of boulder, deep cutting slopes and even undertaking plantations to consolidate the soil.\"Any of these or combination of varied measures are taken, depending on the need and past history, topography and intensity of the train fall,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066801", "title": "BRTS report card: Six out of 30", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On demand bus schedules on SMS, bus ticket top-ups over internet, GPS-based surveillance, and an efficient e-ticketing system. No, it's not a wish list. Rather, it's a list of promises made to Amdavadis three years back, on the launch of Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS).The citizens were assured that they could look forward to a hi-tech passenger travel experience, never before witnessed in India. Today, however, the BRTS sorely misses a key component - information technology, which was supposed to be the backbone of the organization. Without IT, there is not much hope for BRTS to meet the standards it had set for itself.A confidential report prepared by the civic authorities to review the Integrated Transit Management System (ITMS) and IT-related services of BRTS in July has found that only six of the 30 services promised by Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) are being delivered. The rest are partially implemented or are unborn. The basic intention of the review was to ensure that the IT-based service providers meet the quality of benchmark set by Ahmedabad Janmarg Ltd.\"The review was ordered by the municipal commissioner for real-time assessment and corrective measures in the IT-based services,\" says a senior official of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation. A copy of the confidential report has also been sent to the chief minister's office. The BRTS team met on Friday again to decide on the way forward.\"Without a strong IT backbone BRTS is like any other city bus service. This is a question of tax payers' money and we are accountable to them,\" adds the official. Today AJL has 45 km operational routes with 112 buses, including 11 air-conditioned. Close to 1.30 lakh passengers ride the service every day.\"The real-time bus schedule is still not available on the BRTS website. Passenger information system is also not up to the mark at many bus stops, smart card operations are only 41% complete,\" the official points out. \"We have already issued 22,000 smart cards. We had plans to integrate BRTS with the city bus service of Ahmedabad Municipal Transport Service with single ticket principle, but it is still a distant dream.\"The automated vehicle location system, the confidential report claims is partially done. Flap gates for access control at bus stops raises an alarm on sensing sun rays, instead of invalid entry or exit of passengers. Nearly 4,000 radio frequency-based travel coins, which should have been in use by now, have barely managed to pass the \"test phase\".Worst of all, the report claims, the IT services that were meant to streamline the financial management of BRTS are yet to be exploited fully. Besides these observations, the report notes that hand-held ticket examination machines have yet not yet been provided. And, the ITMS security management services have barely taken off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15068955", "title": "Gold heist: Sarafa traders stage dharna", "text": "JAIPUR: The Sarafa traders on Friday staged a dharna at Chaura Rasta demanding assurance of their security from the city police. Irked traders also demanded that the police arrest the six robbers who injured three employees and a customer at a jewellery showroom in Ambabari and robbed jewellery worth lakhs. The traders also threatened complete Jaipur bandh if action is not taken soon.Kailash Mittal, Sarafa Trade Association general secretary, said, \"We will block the roads and protest if police officials continue their lackadaisical approach. Gold traders have been targeted continuously but police has not taken any initiative in the regard.\"Meanwhile, the city police is still groping in the dark as there is not much evidence. Police officials claimed the robbers had gone to the extent of forcing the employees to open the safe so that their fingerprints are not left on any surface. Also, the robbers had planned the heist quite skillfully as they injected the victims with sedatives which is not the conventional way of robbery by hardcore criminals.Police officials are looking into the possibility that some insider was involved in the robbery. The incident took place at 3 pm when two armed robbers barged into Ambika Jewellers' showroom. Minutes after entering the shop, the duo had covered their faces with masks and were joined by four others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15077263", "title": "Premature baby boy thrown to death in PGI, Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a shocking incident, a seven-month old premature delivered male child was thrown from the third building of Neonatal Intensive Car Unit in B block of premier health institute PGI, Chandigarh, on Saturday.The child was admitted in the ward since after his birth for last one month and his mother Rajnish Rani, and paternal aunt Jaswanti Devi were the only persons for attending the child in the ward.The condition of Rajnish Rani was not stable as her statement could be recorded by Chandigarh police.Meanwhile, family members told TOI, \"Rajnish had been delivered two male premature babies earlier also but none of them managed to survive after short periods.\"Nafe Singh, an agriculturist and husband of Rajnish, was not present in PGI and he was summoned from his native village Dariyapur in Yamunanagar district of Haryana.The incident came to light around 6am when Rajnish had went to answer natural call in the attached bathroom of ward asking her others people to look after her child. Subsequently, when she returned, she raised alarm that her child was not on the bed and there was only blanket.SHO of PS 11, Inspector Gurmukh Singh, said the medical staff and private security personnel were summoned on the spot and after inspection, the child was found on the ground in dead position.Police sources told TOI, \"There is no entry and exit of any person from the ward, in which child was admitted, and we have not ruled out the possibility of involvement of any family members in the incident.\"A case of murder was registered at police station sector 11. The body was kept in the mortuary of PGI for postmortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066827", "title": "Now, cellphone apps in hackers' cross hairs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a recent case reported in Ahmedabad, a company that developed applications was struck by data thieves - who were, in fact, the company's former employees. A group of four employees had suddenly quit one day, citing different reasons. A month later, the owner of the company discovered the theft when he noticed that an application developed by his firm was on sale with a different name and logo. Investigations revealed that the employees had stolen the data while leaving the company and had manipulated it.According to experts, the theft exemplifies the future of cyber crime, in which mobile phone applications and new additions to technology - such as cloud computing - will be targeted by hackers. However, impersonation, data theft, espionage and phishing will remain prevalent in ever-changing forms. These were some of the insights presented by experts who gathered at a workshop organized by DSCI and GFSU in Gandhinagar on Friday.Dr J M Vyas, director general of GFSU, said in his speech that cyber security had now become a basic necessity for everyone using internet and computers. He said that investigators as well as the public needed to become aware of cyber security's significance. \"We hear about cyber attacks now and then, and the day is not far off when wars will be fought on cyber frontiers,\" he said.Vinayak Godse, director of data protection, DSCI, told TOI that the worrisome part about cyber crime was that it could not only affect individual computers but could also cripple a defence system or even the economy. \"Thus, more and more strategic installations are going off the grid or developing their own networks to be safe from hackers,\" he said.Experts emphasized that the android operating system for mobile phones was vulnerable to such assaults. \"Applications for this platform can be made by anybody and put up online,\" said an IT security expert. \"While this is a boon for users, it can become a potential threat as a malware can steal crucial data when a user surfs internet from his tablet or mobile device. We thus advise users not to download any unidentified applications directly from websites.\"More than 100 police officials and personnel involved in fighting cyber crime and forensic science experts participated in the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15068492", "title": "Teej, a festival of joy, devotion and cuisines", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The festival of Teej begins this Sunday and to celebrate this special occasion for marital bliss, president of Rajasthan Parishad in Chandigarh, Shanti Lal Sethia, has arranged for the finest cooks from across the state, so the festivities could match those in Rajasthan.Sethia must ensure that ghewar (sweet prepared out of wheat flour) and sitafal firni (custard apple sweet dish) are prepared well in advance, as people would break their fast on Sunday.For Rajasthanis settled in Chandigarh, the festival is more about dishes and wearing jewellery. Women from Uttar Pradesh fast for their husbands' long life, besides taking to the swings. Rekha Bhagri, who lives in Sector 8, Panchkula, said: \"We get together and wear ghagra choli and borla (a jewel that married women wear on their heads). Men dress up in kurta pyjamas, a tradition in Rajasthan.\"Teej celebrates the advent of the monsoon season. \"The occasion is primarily for women. We get to wear new clothes, jewellery, footwear and bangles. Through our fasting, we pray for the long life of our spouses,\" said Ashu Mishra of Phase XI, Mohali.Women even apply intricate mehndi patterns on their hands and feet and the married ones wear \"chuda\" and adorn themselves in the traditional red and green colour ghagra-choli. A cultural dance \" Ghumar\" is popular on this day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15064741", "title": "Minister Raut's son withdraws complaint", "text": "NAGPUR: EGS minister Nitin Raut's son Kunal on Friday approached the Ambazari police station to withdraw the assault complaint against V Thomas Abraham, an engineering student, with whom he had a scuffle on Thursday at Ram Nagar.Police had registered an offence against Thomas and his friends after Raut complained of being assaulted by them when he tried to intervene into a fight over a parking issue.It is learnt that Thomas too had approached Ambazari police to register an offence against Kunal and his friends for attacking him. The issue was amicably settled and the parties decided to withdraw their complaints against each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15067037", "title": "Haj House may come up near Padao", "text": "VARANASI: The Haj House will be constructed either at the railway park near Padao area or Cultural Complex at Chowkaghat, instead of the LT College campus, which houses Gopal Lal Vila where Swami Vivekanand had stayed in 1902.Urban development minister Azam Khan made it clear on Friday that the government is not interested in hurting the sentiment of any section of society nor generating any controversy by selecting any disputed site for the construction of Haj House. The minister made this statement after visiting the LT College campus.Swami Vivekanand was associated with Gopal Lal Vila. In February 1902, he had stayed at this place. But, today there are only the ruins of the house amidst wild bushes. A section of society is demanding to covert this building into Vivekanand memorial. The campus also houses the College of Teacher Education, district inspector of school and other government offices. After the inspection of the huge campus, Khan said that this campus can be developed as big forest area by removing useless buildings amidst the city which can be utilised as ideal picnic spot. He asked the local authorities to prepare a proposal in this regard for forwarding it to the government and said that he would discuss this plan with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav .Regarding Haj House, he said that the railway park near Padao would be ideal location for constructing it. If the plan of creating Haj House at this site do not materialise, then it would be constructed in cultural complex. The temporary Haj House is functioning at the same complex for past few years. About waqf properties, he said that a study to frame a law in this regard is in progress. He said that measures are being initiated to see how the waqf properties sold to land mafia by mutawallis can be declared as waqf properties again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15064449", "title": "Medical college to take action against warring pupils", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The authorities of Mahatma Gandhi Memorial (MGM) Medical College have decided to take stern action against the students responsible for a clash on the college premises on Thursday night.Principal of the government-aided institution A N Mishra, presently in Dhanbad on an official tour, said he had asked the acting principal A C Akhori to initiate a probe into the matter. \"The matter will be probed in depth. I have asked the acting principal to do so,\" Mishra said over the phone from Dhanbad.On Thursday, three second-year students, Naveen Prakash, Chirag Kumar and Sachin Kumar, suffered injuries when a couple of final-year students allegedly assaulted them. It started with an altercation over posting of indecent comments on the account of a social networking site of a second-year student. This eventually snowballed into a brawl.It is not yet known who actually posted the comments as both the groups are accusing each other of inciting the trouble. The situation was brought under control after police intervention. Police rescued the three injured students and sent them to the MGM hospital. Police sources said none of the groups had lodged complaint yet.\"Even the parents of those injured have not lodged any complaint,\" said MGM police station officer in-charge Ratibhan Singh. He said the trouble broke out after a second-year student found derogatory remarks concerning his caste posted on his account in a social networking site.This is the third incident of clash reported between the senior and junior students of the premier medical college in the last nine months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15074224", "title": "State asks centre to relax norms for fire engines", "text": "MUMBAI: Unable to procure fire vehicles as per norms prescribed by the centre, the state government has requested the Centre to consider relaxation in norms. Norms make it mandatory for all new vehicles (ones procured after April 1, 2010) to comply with the Bharat IV- emission standards.While the central government took this decision on the basis of a court directive, the Mumbai fire brigade has been unable to find manufacturers of the Bharat- Stage IV compliant chassis in the last two years. This has, in turn, delayed plans for replacing fire vehicles which have outlived their age.Keen to upgrade its fleet, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has also filed a petition in the Bombay High Court seeking permission to make use of Bharat Stage-3 chassis, which was being used till April 2010. The move to seek relaxation in norms was conveyed by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in a written reply to a query included in the starred questions list in the legislative assembly earlier this week.Congress legislators Amin Patel, Madhu Chavan and Aslam Sheikh among others had filed a query on the fire brigade's plans to upgrade its fleet of vehicles. About 31 of the 202 fire engines need to be replaced urgently since these have outlived their age. Chavan, in his reply, also informed that only four of these have so far been scrapped.Fire officials also Informed TOI that a budgetary provision in the civic budget has been made only for Bharat stage-3 complaint vehicles. \"If the centre and the court do not permit the relaxation, then additional budgetary provision will also have to be made,\" the senior official said. In the wake of the Mantralaya fire tragedy on June 21, a demand to upgrade and modernize the Mumbai fire brigade is being made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15067755", "title": "Invest in education: Amartya Sen", "text": "PATNA: Amartya Sen, the Nobel laureate and chancellor of upcoming Nalanda University in Bihar , said here on Friday it was massive investment in education in the select East Asian nations that not only led to their emergence on the international map, but also helped in the formation of their identity as East Asian giants.Sen, in this regard, cited the case of Japan which, under the Meji Restoration period, saw a huge investment in elementary education under 'Education for All' programme. As a result, Japan, in early 20th century, was \"producing more books than Great Britain , and also twice the number of books produced in the US.\"He also said Bangladesh, in recent times, had pumped in a huge sum of money for the promotion of elementary education, even as its growth rate in terms of gross domestic product (GDP) was lower than that of India. The all-round progress witnessed in China in Maoist China before 1979 was also propelled by the push given to its education sector, following which reforms brought in by Deng Xiao Ping became possible. According to Sen, the GDP of India is certainly greater than that of Bangladesh, but Bangladesh is the only country in the world where more girls than boys have been going to schools, and it had \"definitely overtaken India\".Sen was giving the 12th foundation lecture of Asian Development Research Institute (Adri) at a function otherwise held to mark the inauguration of the three-day international seminar organized by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) headed by former Union minister Dr Karan Singh and supported by ministry of external affairs (MEA). Thematically, the lecture of Sen was synchronized with the theme of the ICCR international seminar - 'Civilizational Dialogue between India and ASEAN (Association of South East Asian Nations)'.His notes on Asiatic, South Asian, East Asian and South Asian identities and experiences apart, Sen, in tune with the theme of the ICCR international seminar, went back and forth in time, and presented haunting childhood memories of his years, when he was six years old and his father had gone to Mandalay in the then Burma (present-day Myanmar ) to work. The locals considered his father a Vaidya (people of the caste dealing in medicine), even as the family had abandoned the caste profession. Sen, juxtaposing his local and national impressions with their images presented in the writings of Rudyard Kipling (poem 'Mandalay') and George Orwell (in his book 'Homage to Catalonia' on Spanish civil war), said that his own personal impressions of Burma were different.Sen recalled the local flora and fauna, people, rivers (specially the Irawady river), mountains and palaces, and also mentioned how he used to draw their images on the walls of the family house. While the locals were \"happy and cheerful people, always showing their smiling faces,\" the nanny who took his care left an indelible impact on him. \"She was very beautiful, among the most beautiful I had seen. I still remember a few Burmese words,\" Sen said, adding: \"These impressions formed a standard of Asian identity within me that helped me in my later research.\"He also said the only place outside their mainland to which the Chinese first went was ancient Nalanda University to learn. \"There should be no hesitation on our part to learn from any country in Asia,\" Sen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15066729", "title": "Labourers up in arms after colleague's death", "text": "GURGAON: A group of labourers went on the rampage at the site of an under-construction highrise building in Sector 38 after one of their colleagues fell to his death from the building on Thursday evening. The labourers burnt down a motorcycle and also beat up a security guard at the site.According to police, a labourer working at the site of one of the projects of Era construction company in Sector 38, 35-year-old Lal Babu, had fallen from the under-construction building. Babu, who belonged to Nalanda in Bihar , received multiple injuries and was rushed to a nearby hospital where he died later.After this, the labourers reached the site with Babu's body and went on the rampage. When a team from the Sadar police station reached the site, the labourers initially refused to hand over the body for postmortem, but agreed to do so later.Two labourers were arrested for damaging property at the site and they are being interrogated, confirmed Yashwant, SHO, Sadar police station. Police have lodged two separate FIRs in the matter, one under Section 304A of the IPC against the construction company, on the basis of the statement of a labourer, Dilip. An FIR has also been lodged against 12 labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15071432", "title": "Vijay wants to do a Katthazha Kannala...", "text": "Actor Vijay is someone who is known to speak his heart and mind. At the recent audio launch function of Mysskin's Mugamoodi, he was full of praise for the director.As he addressed the gathering, he said, \"Kattazhala Kannala ... from Anjathey is one of my favourite songs, and I've been in complete awe of it since it released. I've wanted to dance for a number like that, and even tell my directors to see if they can include a number as racy as this one. I have seen Mysskin's film and like the way he shapes his script.\"The Ilayathalapathy was happy his nanban Jiiva got an opportunity to work with Mysskin.He added, \"And for all those who are asking about my Thuppakki , it's loaded with five bullets now. One more to go, and we promise, you'll have a blast!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15063956", "title": "Contribute to society, top cop tells Ramjas College freshers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Freshers got a taste of campus life on Friday as Ramjas College conducted the 2012-13 session's first orientation programme on DU. Colleges will reopen for the new academic session on Monday.The students came face to face with police commissioner Neeraj Kumar, the chief guest of the event. An alumnus of St Stephen's College, Kumar urged the newcomers, during the 10-minute tete-a-tete, to contribute to society even as they began their college life.\"Ours is a young country. If energy of the youth is not channelized in the right direction, they can become a liability instead of an asset,\" he told the youngsters bubbling with excitement. Their parents, still by their side, nodded in agreement.The top cop also informed them about a Delhi Police initiative, Yuva, which train slum children in different sports. DDA has provided 11 playgrounds to police in areas close to the slums. \"We are targeting underprivileged children in JJ Clusters and resettlement colonies and there are not many schools available. We also hold literacy classes and painting workshops and have tied up with NGOs and corporate houses that fund us,\" Kumar said.Remembering how he was a shy person and mostly remained busy in his college laboratory, Kumar urged students to help police in this project. \"I will instruct local police officials to involve the willing students,\" Kumar said. The senior students staged a cultural and musical show to welcome the juniors.Besides the time table and course structures, Ramjas also gave a booklet containing important information, contact details and other facets of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15064540", "title": "Brawl at zila parishad meet", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The zila parishad (ZP) meeting that was convened by the district administration on Friday witnessed ugly scenes with a legislator entering into a verbal duel with the parishad chairman in the conference room at the district headquarters.According to sources, the situation turned sour when ZP chairman Sonia Samant prevented BJP MLA from Potka Maneka Sardar from joining the conference saying that legislators had no role to play in the zila parishad meeting.Infuriated over the conduct of Samant, the second time legislator threw away the microphone and water bottle that were placed on her dais and exited the conference room in a huff.\"This (the conduct of Samant) is sheer dishonour of the MLA and it is deputy development commissioner (DDC) Dadan Chaubey who is responsible for the mess as we went to the meeting on his invitation,\" said Maneka boycotting the meeting.\"I have faxed a letter to the minister in-charge of the district (Hemant Soren) and sent a copy of it to chief minister Arjun Munda seeking action against the DDC,\" said Maneka.\"Zila parishad will not seek MLA local area development funds for carrying out development schemes. We will utilize funds allocated to the parishad,\" said Samant, justifying her opposition to Maneka's presence in the meeting.AJSU MLA from Jugsalai, Ramchandra Sahis, who joined Maneka tried to play down the issue, later. \"Funds are meant for the development of the area and we should come together to work in tandem in the larger interest of the district,\" said Sahis.He however asked the DDC to cancel the policy decisions taken in the ZP meeting and convene a fresh meeting.JMM MLAs Ramdas Soren (Ghatshila) and Vidyut Varun Mahato (Bahragora) too spent much time with Maneka at the DDC's chamber but refrained from divulging much to the press about their closed door meeting with the DDC Dadan Dubey.\"Although the meeting got disrupted for a while we took several decisions regarding the development of the district,\" said the DDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15070866", "title": "NRI eats with hands, taunted in Big Brother", "text": "LONDON: An Indian-origin model and contestant on the Big Brother reality show has been facing a \"tirade of insults\", including for her preference to eat food with her hands, prompting several complaints and an investigation by regulator Ofcom.In scenes reminiscent of the racist taunts faced by actor Shilpa Shetty in Celebrity Big Brother in 2007, contestant Deana Uppal \u2014 currently Miss India UK \u2014 has been facing bullying on the show telecast on Channel 5.The latest incident relates to Birmingham-based Uppal eating food with her hands, a practice common with people with origins in the Indian subcontinent. Fellow contestant Scott Mason and his friends mocked Uppal by saying that she ate with her hands because she is Indian. The show reprimanded the housemates, saying the comments could be interpreted as racial stereotyping and bullying. Big Brother told Scott, \" If you use this type of language again we may have to consider removing you from the house.\" Scott replied, \"I'm sorry for getting carried away.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15068663", "title": "Emotional Quotient can round off a child\u2019s education", "text": "BANGALORE: As much as 80 per cent of one's success, happiness and fulfillment depends on your Emotional Quotient (EQ).This was the crux of a talk by Ali Khwaja on 'Building Emotional Intelligence In Children'.Khwaja , counsellor and chairman of Banjara Academy , was speaking at the Times NIE Knowledge Meet, held in association with 3MIndia .Hesaidtheterm EQ may sound fancy , but was a basic factor which determined the wellbeing of students .Addressing a group of 125 teachers from the city's schools, Khwaja emphasizedthatteachers are no longer information givers , but have to become catalysts of change . They need to bring in a paradigm shift in their role , as the current generation is very different from earlier ones . The focus should be on the skills children require and on building their EQ.He advised teachers to first build their own EQ. It's necessary for teachers to develop a connect with children and arouse curiosity in them which,he pointedout ,is killed by our education system .In answer to a question from a teacher , he said empowering a child to come up with solutions himself is the best way to deal with a problem . Half the problem is solved by listening to his problem without being judgmental . The teacher can then explore other options to let the child decide the best course of action , Khwaja said .DS Sachdeva , VP, consumer and office business , 3M India , said one dimension of knowledge was creativity , and innovation supported progress. The teachers were taken through a presentation on 'Innovative Teaching Aids' by Sarayu Perumal , counsellor , who explained how teachers can make the learning process more creative and organized .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15064792", "title": "Power cuts take a toll on nocturnal animals at zoo", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nocturnal animals and birds are bearing the brunt of the truant power supply at the Nehru Zoological Park with as many as seven dying over the last two months in the air-conditioned nocturnal animal house which is open for public during the day.The inmates need round-the-clock power supply since the structure consists of several glass-walled enclosures with air-conditioners and coolers with no alternative source of air circulation. The regular three to four hours power cut is taking its toll on the animals, said officials. While there is a power back-up for the facility, the generator's auto-start mechanism is not functioning, and the contractor is reportedly not repairing the generator in order to reduce diesel consumption. The huge disruptions in power supply are not just leading to suffocation but also deaths. A male rattle, two kittens of jungle cat, a bat, a barn owl and a mottled wood owl are among the nocturnal creatures that have died in the last two months.Nocturnal animals are generally inactive during daylight hours and come alive between sunset and sunrise. Nehru Zoological Park's nocturnal house reverses the clock so that zoo visitors can see, by day, these creatures in naturalistic night-time settings. The unique feature of the house is that the lighting within is isolated from the outside and reversed. It is dark during the day and lit at night.The nocturnal house was started in 1987 and for some time it was managed by the zoo authorities. However, since about a decade or so, it is being given out on a contract basis to the highest bidder for commercial reasons. A separate entry fee of Rs 10 is being charged from every visitor by the current contractor who has procured the annual contract for Rs 15 lakh. Experts say that it takes years for the nocturnal creatures to adjust to this reversal in their biorhythm. \"They do not settle down easily. Some die. Power fluctuations lead to disruption of air conditioners, air coolers and the exhaust fans installed inside resulting in deaths,\" said an expert. According to sources, the zoo has a lighting control system called dimmer which is also currently not functioning. Casualties are more in summer when there is a huge power supply problem, but with the power cuts continuing, the situation has worsened this year, the expert added.The contractor, sources said, has nobody to question him and is solely responsible for maintaining everything. Experts said that unless the maintenance is streamlined and regular power supply ensured, the zoo will continue to lose nocturnal birds and animals most of which come under the Wildlife Protection Act. Sources also added that the house is also suffering from rat menace and the rats polish off the feed kept for the nocturnal creatures. Furthermore, the lack of coordination between the contractor and animal keepers is indirectly affecting the animals and birds, a source said. Despite repeated attempts, zoo officials could not be reached for a comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15066727", "title": "Sec 4, 7 residents in darkness for 5 hours", "text": "GURGAON: Over 100 houses in Sectors 4 and 7 plunged into darkness for more than five hours on Thursday night, after five transformers tripped because of voltage fluctuations. Meanwhile, Khandsa road was jammed by agitating villagers from nearby villages on Friday who claimed that the power situation had become unbearable in then past one week.For residents, it was a nightmarish experience, since even the DHBVN employees were not present at the complaint center. The power went off at 10 pm and came back at 3.30 am.\"The complaint centre phone numbers were all perennially busy. Ultimately, I had to walk down to the complaint centre to find out what was happening,\" said Satinder Juneja, a resident of Sector 7.Over two dozen residents had already reached the complaint centre by the time Juneja reached the place. Initially residents had no clue about whom to approach and they kept dialling the complaint centre number (9540454947). \"I dialed the number for over 30 times but the number was always busy. Residents had to look for linemen in other sectors to fix the problem,\" said Sandeep Singla, another resident. Juneja who is a retired bank official, said that the power-cuts which are a result of poor infrastructure, are more grievous than the usual power cuts. \"This means that there is some serious problem with the kind of equipment being used. The minute the lineman replaced a gadget from the transformer, power was resumed,\" said Juneja.Protesting against the power shortage in the village, hundreds of residents blocked Khandsa road for several hours on Friday. The villagers claimed that DHBVN was not doing enough to improve power supply in the rural area. \"Power cuts in the villages are as long as four hours. We have no option but to launch an agitation against the authorities,\" said Ram Lal, a villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15065743", "title": "Ban Day 1: FDA set to root out gutka", "text": "MUMBAI: The state's Food and Drug Administration (FDA) will join hands with 26 governmental and non-governmental agencies, including the police, schools, municipal corporations and NGOs to enforce the one-year ban on gutka and pan masala that came into effect from Friday.On the very first day of the prohibition, the FDA swung into and sent teams of six assistant commissioners and 20 food inspectors to check for illegal hoarding advertising gutka and pan masala in areas like Bandra and Colaba. The teams visited stalls and shops in those localities to inspect if they sold or stocked the products.Calling the enforcement of the ban a \"social mission\", FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagade said, \"A total of 208 food safety officers and 59 BMC officials in the city will ensure that there is no manufacturing, distribution and sale of gutka and pan masala.\" He added several agencies must work together to ensure that the tobacco menace was wiped out.To pre-empt any legal step taken by those interested in gutka and pan masala business, the FDA has filed caveat (intimation of caution) in Aurangabad, Nagpur and Bombay bench. \"It is the government's responsibility to ensure people's good health and the ban is a step towards that. We will work with NGOs, civic bodies and the police,\" Zagade added.Drafting plans for schools, the FDA plans to \"meet principals and later, involve students. For smaller cities, we will seek the help of the mass media to spread awareness,\" said Zagade. The FDA will also circulate numbers for people to call and complaint against selling or manufacturing of the banned products.The prohibition on gutka and pan masala has been imposed under the Food and Safety Standards Acts 2006. The premise for banning the products was the inclusion of gutka and pan masala as food products, and findings that showed they contain tobacco, nicotine and magnesium carbonate, some of the leading causes of oral cancer. Zagade added, \"Raids, redressal of complaints and random samplings have revealed unacceptable levels of magnesium carbonate in gutka packets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15068069", "title": "Court dismisses election petition against Vijayakanth", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Friday dismissed an election petition against Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam (DMDK) founder and leader of Opposition in the assembly, Vijayakanth. M Jayanthi, a disqualified independent candidate from the Rishivanthiyam assembly segment, filed the petition challenging the election of Vijayakanth from the constituency.She alleged that the returning officer had unjustifiably rejected her nomination paper without giving any opportunity to put forth her objections. Justice K Venkatraman, passing the order, said the contention raised by the petitioner was not substanciated, so it was liable to be rejected. The judge said that the cause of action was a bundle of facts which had to be culled from the entire pleading made in the election petition. As long as the election petition disclosed some cause of action and raised some as fit to be decided by the court, the same cannot be struck out. But, the contention raised by the return candidate, the election petition does not disclose any cause of action and cannot be accepted, the judge said in the order.In February this year, the high court admitted the election petition filed by Jayanthi of Virugambakkam challenging the election of actor-turned-politician Vijayakanth. Justice K Venkataraman admitted the petition and ordered notices to 13 people, including Vijayakanth. In her petition, Jayanthi alleged that her nomination papers were snatched from her and destroyed by unidentified persons owing allegiance to Vijayakanth.The gang also attacked her husband on March 25, 2011, she said, adding that her second set of nomination papers were rejected by the authorities on flimsy grounds. Describing the rejection of her nomination as illegal, Jayanthi wanted the court to declare the election of Vijayakanth null and void. AIADMK candidate from Tirupattur constituency, Raja Kannappan, had also filed an election petition against DMK leader Periya Karuppan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15063613", "title": "Woman claims she was Rajesh Khanna's live-in partner, wants house and compensation", "text": "MUMBAI: The fight for Rajesh Khanna's legacy began even before his death. On Tuesday, a day before the superstar passed away, his family was handed a shocker \u2014 a woman in her 50s sent a legal notice to the actor claiming that she was his live-in partner and sought compensation, a house to stay and a monthly maintenance. Anita Advani, in her notice to Khanna, claimed that she had been restrained from entering the actor's Carter Road bungalow Aashirwad since June this year.Noted advocate Mridula Kadam, who is representing Anita, confirmed that a legal notice had been sent to Khanna on July 16, which was received at Aashirwad the following day. While Akshay Kumar and the Khanna family were unavailable for comment, Ashwin Thakkar, who was the late actor's business manager, refuted Anita's claims. \"The claims that she was living with Khanna are false. There were many people who used to meet him at his house. She was one of them, but certainly not what she claims today.\"Sources from the industry said that they had seen Anita at Rajesh Khanna's residence and that she used to accompany the actor to people's offices. She would visit Khanna when he was in the hospital, sources said, but was prevented from boarding the truck that was carrying his mortal remains on the day of the funeral.Anita told TOI: \"I am not interested in Aashirwad. I just want it to be converted into a museum as that was Rajesh Khanna's dream. I want to ask them (his family) where were they when he needed them. I looked after him all these years. I lived in that house, took care of him and all his needs. The reason I am asking for compensation is because they stripped me of everything. My man is gone and I am left with nothing.\"In her notice, Anita claims she was 13 years old when she met Khanna at his residence for the first time. Over the years they used to bump into each other at parties till the relationship got serious over a decade ago. The notice claims that Khanna told Anita he was in love with her and promised to take care of her. They had been living together for the last 10 years, claims the notice till she was restrained by Khanna from entering the house in June 2012. The notice further claims she was not given an opportunity to even take her belongings and all her possessions are lying in Aashirwad.\"She is a single lady who devoted the last 10 years to take care of Khanna and discharged all the duties of a wife,\" legal sources said. \"She was under the impression that he was single. Khanna promised to take care of her and now she has been left with nowhere to go to.\"Not much is known about Anita, except reports that she was a resident of Bandra and runs a business. There were unverified reports that she was the niece of former Philippines President Ferdinand Emmanuel Marcos.The notice does not mention the Domestic Violence Act (DVA), but legal sources add that a live-in partner is mentioned for the first time under Indian laws in that piece of legislation which was enacted in 2005. Though no physical violence is alleged, the notice hints at mental trauma at being evicted from the house.Legal experts say Anita will have to prove her claims. \"The DVA is a radical piece of legislation that for the first time mentions a live-in partner. Till then no woman had any right to claim maintenance unless she was married to the man. If a woman claims that she was a live-in partner she will have to prove that she lived in the shared household,\" said lawyer R T Lalwani, who deals in family court matters.With Khanna's death it would have to be seen if action is maintainable against his relatives, though the DVA proceedings can be initiated by a woman against other relatives too. \"The law is evolving and the courts are trying to fine-tune it,\" said Lalwani.In 2010 the apex court had ruled that a female live-in partner can claim maintenance only if the relationship meets certain conditions and does not amount just to a one-night stand or a few weekends together. The conditions rule out maintenance if either live-in partner was married to someone else at the time of the relationship. The conditions are that the couple should have presented themselves before society as akin to man and wife; they should have lived together under one roof and in a \"shared household\" for a significant period; they must have attained the legal age to marry; and they must have been eligible to marry. A petition for maintenance by a live-in partner is pending before a larger bench of the Supreme CourtKhanna was still married to Dimple Kapadia and this could make things difficult for Anita. However, sources close to Anita insist that she was under the impression that he was single.Listen to Rajesh Khanna's evergreen hits", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15075401", "title": "Rationalists' fume at government order on poojas performed for rains!", "text": "MANGALORE: The Federation of Indian Rationalist Associations has taken severe umbrage to what it described is unconstitutional behaviour of the state government in ordering poojas to be performed at temples across Karnataka for rains. The Federation termed the estimated outgo on this account pegged at Rs 17 crore a colossal waste of public funds amounting. This fund could have instead utilised for drought relief or for feeding starving people.The Federation opined that Minister for Muzrai Kota Srinivas Poojary is going against article 51 of Indian constitution which states that it is the duty of every citizen to develop scientific temper and spirit of inquiry. \"He is unfit to hold office of minister under the Constitution of India which he is supposed to uphold. If he has so much faith in poojas, let them be conducted in Thar Desert in April or May and let us see if it is going to rain,\" the Federation stated.However, Srinivas Poojary told reporters here on Saturday that the government has issued a circular requesting muzrai temples to hold 'Varunamantra Poorvaka Jalabhisheka Pooja' out of their own revenue. \"The government is not expending any public money on this,\" he said, adding temples have been instructed to spend money based on their respective financial status and those with good revenues may spend up to Rs 5,000 for the purpose.An official circular issued by religious endowment department has requested temples nestled on river banks and those with lakes and ponds including Kollur Sri Mookambika Temple, Kukke Sri Subrahmanya Temple, and Kateel Sri Durgaparameshwari Temple in the coastal region to hold 'parjanya japa', homa and special poojas and jalabhisheka poojas in other temples categorised as 'A', 'B' and 'C' temples on July 27 and August 2 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15067660", "title": "Traders demand full container movement across Integrated Check Post", "text": "AMRITSAR: Commerce minister Anand Sharma's announcement of starting container movement across the Indo-Pak border for facilitation of trade has failed to cheer up importers and exporters here. The businessmen want permission not limited to the Integrated Check Post (ICP) alone.\"The minister should have allowed container movement from point of origin to point of destination, which would have given some advantage to us,\" said general secretary of Customs Clearing Agents Association Dilip Singh on Friday. Sharma had announced that his ministry would soon issue orders to facilitate trade through containers from the Attari border.Presently, trucks loaded with goods arrive at the ICP and leave for Pakistan side of the ICP after clearing customs and other formalities. Empty trucks return after offloading goods at the Pakistan side of the ICP. Similarly, Pakistani trucks are offloaded on the Indian side of the ICP.Narinder Sharma, a vegetable exporter, said, \"It would have been generous of the minister if container movement was allowed up to the destination.\" He added that the current arrangement only allows restricted movement of goods, which wasn't attractive for small cross-border traders.Meanwhile, Singh informed that importers and exporters would hold a meeting on Saturday to discuss the announcement made by Anand Sharma and other issues pertaining to cross-border trade. \"Trades need foolproof security, especially installing of high-powered scanners at Attari railway station, so that goods arriving from Pakistan could be scanned and if any contraband was found it should be seized at the entry point itself,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15066503", "title": "Crime branch to keep vigil near schools for drugs", "text": "NAGPUR: The anti-narcotics unit of crime branch is now set to deploy a two-way strategy to curb substance abuse among students. The unit, known as Narcotics Drug and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) cell, would not only make surprise visits to tea stalls and pan kiosks near schools and colleges but also hold awareness programmes for students.The cell is headed by senior inspector KL Supare under additional commissioner of police, crime, Ravindra Kadam. Supare said the unit would try to curb activities of drug peddlers near educational institutions. \"Such measures would curb consumption and also bust distribution rackets. We would try to cut-off the supply chains,\" he said.The NDPS cell is also aiming to track down opium and cannabis peddlers among truckers and transporters. A substantial section of the truckers are opium and cannabis users. It is learnt that some junkie truckers also double up as peddlers. The NDPS unit is now cultivating links among the inter-state truckers to nab such peddlers. It will conduct awareness programmes among them too.Supare informed his unit was trying to encourage private and trust-owned organizations in rehabilitation of the addicts. \"The NGOs avoid addicts because they are more aggressive and suffer from violent withdrawal symptoms,\" said Supare. \"We are trying to take help of some counsellors and psychiatrists who can help in rehabilitation,\" he said. Supare said the NDPS cell would try to help the addicts who want to get rehabilitated.The cell is also keen to use the consumer-peddler link to bust bigger rackets. The NDPS sleuths will keep a watch on the activities inside Nagpur central jail from where reports of rampant substance abuse emerge. \"We are summoning all the persons whose names are in our records as peddlers to crime branch for detailed inquiries about their present activities,\" said Supare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15055534", "title": "Rajesh Khanna changed after Aradhana, says Sharmila", "text": "Sharmila Tagore , who was one of the leading ladies whom superstar Rajesh Khanna romanced on screen, has revealed that the actor really changed after his super blockbuster Aradhana.\"He started coming late on the sets, and all that. But still, he would be there by noon and we could do some shots before lunch,\" she saidThe actress was cast opposite to the actor in the 1969 flick, which catapulted him into the world of adulation and limelight.Nostalgic Tagore revealed that it had become impossible to walk from her makeup room to the sets of Aradhana . The whole area would be crammed with girls, who fell on him, literally. I've never seen anything like that ever again in my life. It was phenomenal,\" she said.The actress, who attended a screening of Aradhana in Mumbai claimed that the large screen experience of the movie made her realise that her chemistry with the star did wonders.\"Kaka and I made a very successful pair. Aradhana and Amar Prem are my most popular films. Some time ago, there was a screening of Aradhana in Mumbai. I had seen the film on television but the large-screen experience made me realise how much our pairing worked,\" she added.Listen to Rajesh Khanna's evergreen hits", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15066405", "title": "Day 2 of gutkha ban: Over 3 lakh pouches burnt", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has stepped up efforts to enforce the ban on gutkha and on Friday alone, officials destroyed 2.10 lakh gutkha pouches.So far, 3.07 lakh pouches of gutkha pouches have been destroyed in the last two days. On Thursday, 97,000 pouches were burnt. Officials of the medical health and family welfare department inspected around 964 outlets in the state to ensure that there is no display of gutkha pouches.Food safety commissioner for Rajasthan and director of public health Dr B R Meena said, \"We will continue to seize gutkha from shops for at least seven more days. After that we will plan our next course of action to implement the ban strictly.\"The state government banned production, storage, distribution and sale of gutkha during a cabinet meeting held on Wednesday.Officials also raided gutkha factories in various parts of the state. Department sources said there are around 10 major gutkha manufacturing factories in the state which were inspected and informed about the ban. These factories are located in Alwar, Jodhpur and Jaipur. The aim of raiding these factories is to prevent production and distribution of gutkha in the state, an official said.The official also said they would keep a close eye on factories and gutkha distribution system in the market to enforce the ban properly.For inspection at shops, the department has constituted 42 teams. In Jaipur, the medical department teams inspected areas near Sawai Man Singh hospital, state secretariat, Rajasthan University and various other places to ensure that gutkha is not being sold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15066497", "title": "Tibetan girl gets permission for kidney transplant", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dolma Bhuti, 23, a Tibetan national whose kidney transplant surgery was caught in a legal wrangle because of her refugee status, would finally be able to receive the organ as the Himachal Pradesh government submitted a no-objection certificate before the Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday.Taking the government's nod on record, Justice Mahesh Grover directed PGI Chandigarh to start the procedure for her kidney transplant. Following PGI's submission that it has short-listed her name for the operation and she would undergo the surgery when her turn comes, the judge directed the institute to operate her on a priority basis if her health deteriorates.Treatment of Dolma was delayed due to lack of any policy on organ transplant for Tibetans and the PGI wanted consent certificates from the Tibetan government-in-exile and the Himachal Pradesh government.Permission from the Tibetan government-in-exile was required because of Dolma's nationality and the consent of Himachal government was necessary as the donor Nawang Choeden, 30, a Tibetan refugee, is a domicile of the state.The Tibetan government-in-exile had given its consent and Himachal's decision was pending. A student of Tibetan Children's School at Dharamshala, Dolma had recently developed nephrotic syndrome and kidney transplant was the only treatment the doctors advised.Choeden, who lives with Dolma, had offered to donate her kidney out of compassion and both of them had approached the PGI in May but were turned down by the hospital citing legal hurdles. They moved the high court after the hospital's response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072658", "title": "Ajith asks Siruthai Siva to rework script", "text": "Thala Ajith who is busy working on his physique for his film with Vishnuvardhan is now on serious mode where his scripts are concerned too.Ajith is going to be doing a movie with director Siva who directed Siruthai . This movie will be produced by Vijaya Vauhini Productions. Apparently, Ajith made a surprise call to Siva. The movie which was supposed to start has gotten delayed because of various reasons. The actor is to start on this project only once he completes his movie with Vishnu. Since there are a few more months, Ajith has requested Siva to rework the script to make it a commercial success.It looks like the director was happy that Ajith made the call to him but it also puts more pressure on him to deliver. Post Billa 2 , the fans are expecting another exciting movie. One of the criticisms received for Billa 2 is the poor script - guess Ajith doesn't want to take any chances for the Siva film!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "15067687", "title": "Terrorists kill Bathinda soldier in J&K;", "text": "BATHINDA: A pall of gloom descended on the entire Sivian village of Bathinda district when the residents came to know about the death of Gobind Singh, 28.An Army soldier Gobind Singh was killed on July 19 by the bullets of terrorists in Kupwara in Jammu &amp; Kashmir. He had joined Army in March 2004 and was posted in Kupwara sector.The body of Gobind Singh will be brought in here on Saturday morning. He is survived by wife, two children and his old grand father and parents.According to information on the night of July15, he was on patrolling with his companions. When he came back from patrolling in the morning of July16 a hidden group of terrorists attacked the Army group and he was shot in the stomach. He was very badly injured and hospitalized in the Army base hospital where he died on July19 at 2.20 am.\"We got information on July 16 that Gobind Singh was injured in cross-firing between terrorists and soldiers and he was out of danger. But on July 19 at about 7 am in the morning we got information that he was dead,\" said Bhajan Singh(65), the father of the martyar.\"He had been called me on phone on July15 that he is well and will be back very soon in his parent unit at Dehradun. His last day at Kupwara district was July 18.\" told his father to TOI.\"I had three sons and one daughter, but I lost all the three. My elder son died last year and my middle son died in the age of four years only. Now I have only one son Gobind Singh, but he had also passed away. Now, we have no hope to live,\" added Bhajan Singh.\"Gobind motivated the youth of village for good work. Now in our village more than 15 youths are in Army. We want that there should be a memorial in the memory of martyar Gobind Singh in our village.\" said Tajinder Singh, cousin of Gobind.\"The condition of his grand father Jagir Singh, mother Gurmail Kaur and wife Rajender Kaur is very bad after listening about the death news of Gobind Singh,\" said Tajinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065728", "title": "Gutka ban comes into force", "text": "PUNE: The ban on gutka and paan masala came into force from late afternoon on Friday after officials from Food and Drugs Administration (FDA), Pune, received the official communication at around 4 pm to start enforcement. The food safety officials (FSO) swung into action and raided prominent gutka distributors across the city. \"There are 15 main gutka and paan masala distributors in Pune,\" Shashikant Kekare, joint commissioner, FDA told the TOI on Friday.Kekare elaborated, \"We are going to ensure that the ban is enforced in letter and spirit in Pune and adjoining areas. The FDA is the implementing authority, but police assistance will be sought as and when required.\"The Pune FDA has nine FSOs. \"We are going to rope in FSOs attached to the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) to ensure implementation of the ban,\" Kekare said. The PMC has 12 FSOs and the PCMC has six. \"Considering the possibility of an illegal inter-state trafficking of gutka and paan masala, we are asking the octroi officials to be vigilant and inspect vehicles,\" Kekare said.Following a meeting of the state cabinet on Thursday, minister of food and drug administration Manohar Naik had said the government would issue a notification either late on Thursday or on Friday morning bringing the ban into effect.But the notification came late in the afternoon.The notification is going to ban manufacturing, storage, distribution, as well as sale of gutka and paan masala.The state government has decided to press for long prison terms and fine up to Rs 10 lakh by invoking stringent provisions in the Food and the Security Standards Act, 2006.As per existing norms, the ban will be applicable for a year, which can be renewed later.\"Even small paan shops, hawkers, petty sellers found selling gutka or paan masala can be asked to pay fine up to Rs 25,000. If the seller has not complied with the directions of the FSO then a fine up to Rs 2 lakh can be imposed,\" said S S Desai, assistant commissioner (food), FDA, Pune.While four other states - Kerala, Madhya Pradesh , Bihar and Uttar Pradesh - have banned gutka, Maharashtra will become the first state to include paan masala in the ban.Anti-tobacco activists hope that the ban is strictly enforced as drives in the past were mere eyewash.What the notification statesThe Food Safety Commissioner, Maharashtra state, in exercise of the powers conferred by clause (a) of sub section (2) of section 30 of the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 (34 of 2006) in the interest of public health, the manufacture, storage, distribution or sale of gutka or pan masala, containing either tobacco and/or nicotine or magnesium carbonate as ingredients by whatsoever name these are available in the market and any other products marketed separately to constitute as gutka or pan masala etc as final products are hereby prohibited in state of Maharashtra for a period of one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15065662", "title": "Nigerian arrested at Calangute for overstaying", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute police on Friday arrested a Nigerian national for staying in the country without a valid visa. A police team led by police inspector (PI) Nolasco Raposo, while on routine patrolling, spotted a Nigerian near Luckies Bar and Restaurant at Porbawado, Calangute.On being asked to produce his travel documents, it was discovered that his visa had expired and he was overstaying without any valid documents. He was immediately taken into custody and arrested and an offence was registered for contravening Section 7(1)(3) of the Foreigners Order, 1948, r/w Section 14 of the Foreigners Act, 1946.The Calangute police have launched a drive against foreigners staying in the country without a valid visa and more than 15 Nigerians have been arrested in the last couple of months alone.The police said that many of these Nigerians overstaying without valid visas or forged visas indulge in criminal activities like drug peddling which is why a strict watch is being kept on them. A number of them have also been arrested for drug peddling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15066142", "title": "Talks fail, stir at Madurai Kamaraj University continues", "text": "MADURAI: Even though the district collector promised the agitating students at the Madurai Kamaraj University (MKU) that he would look into their issues when they met him on Friday, they later decided to continue their sit-in agitation, saying the strike would continue till their demands were met after a meeting with the vice-chancellor on Monday.The representatives of the students and the management of the MKU participated in the meetings held in three sessions in the presence of district collector Anshul Mishra, on Friday. \"After meeting the students, I realised that some of their demands are genuine. Not all. But we can take a decision only after meeting the vice-chancellor who is in Chennai on an official trip. So I promised them the talks would resume on Monday. So it's unfair from their side to continue strike,\" said Mishra.It was on Thursday night that at least 300 research scholars and other students of the university, began their agitation near the Kamaraj statue protesting against some of the decisions taken by the vice-chancellor Kalyani Mathivannan.The students claimed that that the vice-chancellor walked into the hostel rooms of the research scholars and asked them to vacate as they were staying there more than the stipulated period of five years. The students were also against her move to privatise the hostel canteen, by hiking the per day meals rate from Rs 35 to Rs 70.Talking to TOI, A Jagannathan, philosophy scholar, MKU, said the meeting with the collector was positive. Asked why they didn't withdraw the strike then, he said there was no assurance from the collector. \"The meeting was positive. He even agreed to some of our demands, including the divide system. But he was not able to give an assurance. He said the VC has to take the decision. So we thought we would go ahead with the agitation,\" he said, cautioning that they might go for an indefinite huger strike if their demands were not met on Monday.However, Kalyani, said the idea behind changing the divide system was to provide good hygienic food to the students. She said the management had received a lot of complaints from other students that the food provided in the hostel canteen was of poor quality \"Can the agitating students get me food for three times from any other place by spending just Rs 35? If they do, I will change my stand,\" adding that she would go ahead with her plan to improve the standard of the MKU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15063959", "title": "Supreme Court rejects govt\u2019s plea on BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours after the CRRI report criticizing the BRT corridor became public on Tuesday, the Delhi government had rushed to the Supreme Court filing a special leave petition but failed to secure any relief.Upset with the findings, the government approached the apex court, arguing against mixed traffic usage on bus lanes, as allowed by the Delhi high court as an interim arrangement. Even as the CRRI report highlighted how opening the bus lane to other vehicles saved precious hours, fuel and money in the long run, the Delhi government insisted before SC that the high court's interim order be set aside.Senior advocate K T S Tulsi appeared before the apex court, a day before he defended BRT in the high court, and submitted that the HC order \"violates the order of the Supreme Court\" as BRT was established on the orders of the apex court.However, a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Madan B Lokur refused to entertain the government's petition pointing out that the plea was aimed against an interim order of the high court.The bench advised the Delhi government to raise all its arguments before HC, which was slated to take up the matter the next day on Wednesday.On that day HC made it clear that the interim order of allowing mixed traffic on bus lanes will continue till further orders and gave time till July 23 to the Delhi government to analyse the CRRI report.During the trial run, the CRRI report said, fuel loss due to traffic congestion reduced by 32% for petrol vehicles and 46% for diesel vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15065430", "title": "'Elect persons with integrity or lose apex bank status'", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday warned that the government would withdraw the apex bank status to Goa state cooperative bank (GSCB) by August 20 if \"persons with integrity\" are not elected to the bank's board of directors. Elections to vote in a new board are scheduled on August 19.After cooperation minister Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar ended his speech on demands for grants to cooperation department, the chief minister stood to make a statement on the GSCB issue and to respond to statements made by members on the issue in his absence last week.Parrikar said there was nothing political when he had earlier stated that GSCB's performance was bad. He said the NABARD report of the bank's performance is there for everyone to see. \"We went by NABARD's report as we want to protect the interest of the shareholders, depositors and the government,\" he told the Goa assembly on Friday. GSCB has over Rs 1,000 crore in deposits.\"I reacted only after receiving the Nabard report. It is not a political document and it was prepared much before I became the chief minister of Goa.\"Stating that the report made it clear that the bank's functioning was unsatisfactory, Parrikar said, \"The government is contemplating withdrawing apex status to the bank unless the right people are elected to the bank. If they have basic integrity and have reputation in the cooperative sector, the government will support the bank. If this doesn't happen, then the government will start operations with the apex status with some other bank or institution.\"He also said there are complaints filed against the bank's chairman with the police. \"These cases will be investigated by crime branch,\" he said, urging members not to \"politicize the issue\". He added that accounts had been fudged to show low non-performing assets.The chief minister said a wrong impression was created that because a loan of Rs 40 crore was taken by KTC when he was chief minister ten year ago, to buy new buses, the bank had gone into a crisis.While referring to a similar situation faced by Mapusa urban cooperative bank when he was chief minister last time, Parrikar said he regretted giving an assurance in the assembly that he would salvage the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15064834", "title": "Report puts other BRTs under cloud", "text": "NEW DELHI: The report by the central road research institute (CRRI), recommending the \"No BRT\" option for the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand corridor, couldn't have come at a worse time for the Delhi government. Sources in the transport department say that other BRT projects earmarked for this year have been stuck in a limbo since the pilot project went to court.\"For a year now, the detailed project reports of 14 BRT projects are being finalized. In fact, the preliminary project report of seven BRT corridors has already been prepared by DIMTS, and the DPR of the Karawal Nagar-More Gate corridor is almost final,\" said a senior official.Officials say the 14 corridors, which are set to be built by the PWD and DIMTS, have been allocated Rs 450 crore already in last year's budget. \"The Karawal Nagar-More Gate corridor is in the final stages of approval, and was supposed to be presented in cabinet soon,\" the official added.However, with the CRRI report recommending that the 5.8km stretch works better with no segregated bus lanes, the government could be looking at scrapping of the other projects as well.Said the official, \"There has been an attempt to locate the new corridors in areas where the corridor will not eat into the existing traffic space. For instance, in the Karawal Nagar-More Gate corridor, space for the segregated bus lane is being carved out of the riverbank.\"New design norms have also been formulated for the corridors, with the government opting for the dedicated lane on the left side, and not centre, as is the case with the pilot project in Ambedkar Nagar. The 14 corridors which are supposed to be constructed by PWD and DIMTS will cover 232km and will have 83 interchange points with the Metro. The bus stops at these interchange points will be integrated with the Delhi Metro network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065461", "title": "Boy stabbed after tiff over eve-teasing", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Class XI student was allegedly stabbed to death by two minors on Friday afternoon in Pul Prahladpur area of southeast Delhi. The accused have been identified.Police are yet to ascertain the motive for the murder. Parents of the victim, Sanjay, suspect one of his schoolmates.Three months ago, Sanjay's sister had complained that a boy used to tease her. \"Sanjay was angry and asked the boy to behave himself. The accused had been nursing a grudge against him and wanted to avenge his insult,\" a relative said.The incident took place around 2.30pm when Sanjay was returning home from school. Two boys waylaid him near Mittal Chowk and attacked him with an ice-cutter.\"He was stabbed thrice on the chest and the thigh,\" said a senior police officer. Sanjay was taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre by passersby, where he was declared dead. Hospital sources said he died due to excessive bleeding.Cops said they will probe the case from all angles but will treat the relatives' complaint as their main lead.The accused are on the run. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15065853", "title": "Burglars strike at IAS officer's house", "text": "LUCKNOW: Burglars struck at nine places including the house of a senior IAS officer in Gomtinagar and decamped with goods, cash and jewellry worth several lakhs of rupees during the past 48 hours from different parts of the state capital, reports on Friday night said.One Mukesh, private driver of a senior UP Cadre IAS officer Avinash Srivastava, lodged an FIR with the Gomtinagar police stating that miscreants broke into the Vijay Khand residence of the bureaucrat and decamped with booty worth lakhs of rupees. There was no one in the house when the burglary took place as Avinash has been on Central deputation for the past more than three years and was based in Delhi along with his family. They however used to visit their private residence once in a while and had deputed Mukesh to keep an eye on the house.Mukesh informed the police that on Thursday morning when he went to the officer's house to see if everything was in order, he found the steel grill of one of the windows, missing. He peeped into the window only to find three of almirahs inside the house lying open.Similar incidents of burglary were reported from a series of half a dozen stationary shops in Gwyne road area of Aminababd and the Hasanganj residence of the owner of a printing press as well. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15063961", "title": "Flyover work has choked road to Filmistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: For decades, the stretch between Filmistan and St Stephen's hospital has witnessed massive traffic jams, especially during peak hours. Nearly a decade back, the erstwhile MCD had decided to construct a grade separator to decongest the stretch, which is the arterial road connecting Pusa Raod to ISBT Kashmere Gate. But the civic agency's ambitious plan has just added to the chaos.Due to the ongoing construction work, the entire drainage system has been damaged. As a result of which there is massive waterlogging during monsoon. \"This has been the condition of the area for the past 28 years. Nothing has changed. In fact it has got worse. The government should execute such projects in a time bound manner. All the drains are blocked due to which there is massive waterlogging during monsoon,'' said Debraj Mookherjee, associate professor at Delhi University , who lives in Gurgaon.The construction work of the grade separator has been moving at a slow pace, as the civic agency is yet to get possession of land from Delhi government and Railways. The civic agency is not able to construct new sections of the flyover as there are four major water pipelines in the area. These pipelines have to be shifted for which MCD had requested for land from Railways. But for the past two years, MCD and Railways have not been able to settle the issue.\"We are providing Railways land near New Delhi Railway station. But there is a huge difference between the cost of land at Rani Jhansi Road and near the station. The matter is stuck as there should be an equitable exchange of land,'' said an MCD official.In a recent review meeting, chief minister Sheila Dikshit had decided to take up the matter with Union railway minister so that the construction work can start. \"We have prepared a note and sent it to CM. She has decided to take up the matter with the railway minister,'' said PK Gupta, commissioner of North corporation.Traders claim that every year the civic agency repairs the road but does nothing about the drainage. \"Recently, the entire road was submerged in knee-deep water. There is no outlet for rainwater. Due to waterlogging, there is massive traffic jam on the entire stretch,'' said Irfan, who has a tyre shop near Filmistan.Though the project was conceived in 1998, the construction work started only in March 2009. The project was to be completed before the Commonwealth Games. According to official, only 25-30% of the construction work has been completed so far.\"We are unable to carry out work as we are yet to get possession of land at Azad Market from Delhi government. So we can't start the construction work of 10 pillars spread over an area of nearly 400 metres,'' said an official. Upset residents say that the civic agency should have planned the project properly and acquired the land before starting the work.\"There is complete lack of planning. They demolished our properties. But for the past two years work is moving at a very slow pace. The corporation and government have nothing to lose. But we have lost our life's earnings. My entire shop was demolished,'' said SK Minocha, who has a factory of electrical components near Filmistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15064516", "title": "242 results still to come a month into academic session", "text": "NAGPUR: Though Nagpur University's new academic session began on June 11, thousands of students are still awaiting their results. This is thanks to NU administration's usual lethargy and strike by lecturers for sixth pay commission arrears. NU sources said results of 242 examinations out of 719 are yet to be declared, leaving students in a quandary.With a series of paper leaks, including that of BCCA, rocking the university some delay was expected. Still, distressed students are desperately hanging around unsure of what to do. A second year commerce student who is also pursuing chartered accountancy said, \"due to the delay in results, we are unable to start classes for the final year and fix proper timing for coaching classes.\" She added that the final year syllabus was too vast and it was not possible to complete it in seven months.A second year arts student Vedant Sharma said the results should be declared as early as possible to ease tension among students. \"This delay is causing so much anxiety, it is very difficult to start gearing up for final year. Also, the final year exams are held early so it makes no sense in delaying the results and wasting our time,\" he said.Another arts student Avanika Gupta pointed out that as the results were yet to be declared, students preparing for competitive exams are left in a state of confusion. \"When students are not sure whether they have passed or not, how can they enrol themselves in coaching classes for competitive exams? Also, students do not wish to start next year's classes without knowing their results,\" she said.The situation will be worse for students who will fail to clear the subjects as they will have barely two months to prepare for winter exams. \"I am not sure whether I will clear all subjects and this delay in results is adding to my burden. It is not possible to prepare for winter exams in such a short period of time,\" said a student requesting anonymity.NU's Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane blamed the teacher's strike for delay. \"We are trying our best to declare all the results within eight to ten days,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074984", "title": "Team celebrates Arulnithi's birthday", "text": "Arulnithi, who gained more popularity with Mounaguru that released on December 2011, had quite a fun birthday as the cast and crew of his latest film Thakararu. With the birthday falling in the weekend, we hear that it was great celebration time for everyone.The director of the film, Ganesh Vinayak, even put up the actor's picture as his display picture on his phone messenger and wished him in the status. Soon, we hear, the rest of the cast and crew followed suit as they copied the picture and status message, wishing the Thakararu hero.Meanwhile, the film itself has been progressing in a brisk pace, with the team beginning work on the second schedule. The action entertainer, which has a youth element, is aiming to hit the screens well within the year end.Thakararu, which is being produced by Cloud Nine movies, has starlet Poorna as the heroine of the film. The highlight of the film is said to be the stunt sequences and we hear that there are as many as five of them. With two of them already canned, the team wants the rest to be quite new and interesting for the Tamil audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066785", "title": "Best of European films come to Amdavad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It's going to be melange of cultures when best films from 16 European countries will be screened in the city. The second edition of the first ever European Film Festival - 'Europe in Amdavad' will have 19 films from Switzerland, Denmark, Finland, Spain, France, Greece, Austria, Germany, Italy, Portugal, UK, Slovakia, Estonia, Lithuania and Hungary.The festival is organized by Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad, British Council and Goethe Zentrum Ahmedabad with the support of the Delegation of the European Union, Embassy of Switzerland in India and Cinepolis.Phillipe Martin, director, Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad said, \"Europe and India are similar in terms of their diverse cultures. The films will bring real France or real Greece to the people here as all the films to be screened were made after 2005.\" Martin added the idea of the festival is to promote European cinema as a form of art and provide opportunity to Amdavadis to watch films which never hit Indian cinemas.The four-day festival starts on July 23 and will be screened at Cinepolis, Alpha One Mall, in Vastrapur. Entry to the festival is free and passes can be collected from Alliance, Cinepolis, or British Council.The festival is a combination of romantic and contemporary movies. \"Besides movies from France, Germany, UK and Switzerland, there are movies from 12 countries which were showcased in European Union Film Festival and are romantic movies sent by European delegation in India. This will give one more reason to Amdavadis to get a peek into the European culture,\" said Chintan Pandya, Cultural co-ordinator, Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad.Last year the festival was held at Bhaikaka Bhavan which does not give film watchers the real theatrical feel. Also, seeing the enthusiasm in people last year it was decided to hold the festival in a theatre, added Chintan.Tasneem Vahanvaty, representative from the British Council, said \"All the films will have subtitles in English, apprehending the movies to the audience with ease. Our target audience is not only youth but also families and children.\"A movie buff, Janak Jani said, \"This is a good effort to bring good movies under one roof. Many of the movies which are going to be screened never get released here. People will get to watch movies showing diverse cultures of Europe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15067696", "title": "Gutka ban: HC seeks affidavits", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Friday directed both the Union and the state governments to file affidavits in a case related to ban on gutka in Bihar. The court also issued notice to the chairman, Food Safety Standard Authority of India, asking him to file a separate affidavit in the case.A single bench presided by Justice J N Singh passed the order while hearing a writ petition filed by M/s Omkar Agencies, a trader engaged in gutka business. The case was filed after the state government seized gutka products from the said agency after enforcing ban on sale, manufacture and storage of gutka products in the state on May 30 this year.Representing the Union government in the case, advocate S N Pathak said, \"The petitioner had filed the case seeking quashing of the ban order, which, it said, was not in consonance with the Food Safety and Standards Act 2006 of the Centre.\"The court directed the Union government to file an affidavit stating whether gutka comes under the definition of food? The chairman, Food Safety Standard Authority of India, was also asked to state whether this notification was justified or not. The court also stayed any coercive action against the petitioner till the disposal of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15064885", "title": "Directorate of Education looks to better govt schools' infrastructure", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of education (DoE) is in the process of preparing a proposal to provide minor infrastructural facilities, including telephone connections, to government secondary schools not covered so far.Education director D P Dwivedi has also asked officials to prepare an inventory of the property in all government schools.At a meeting this week, Dwivedi directed deputy director G P Bhat to prepare the proposal to provide government secondary schools with facilities such as telephone connections.He asked that provisions should also be made for minor works not taken care of within the proposal for repair of school buildings generally handed over to the PWD and other agencies.The DoE is considering providing a one-time fund that will be at the disposal of school headmasters to cover the cost of the institute's upkeep.Dwivedi discussed the providing of funds to whitewash government school buildings.He further directed officials to look into the condemnation of unused, broken furniture occupying space in government schools.At the meeting attended by additional district education inspectors, the education director asked the officials to submit an inventory of all schools from the talukas under their jurisdiction.The director noted that only seven ADEIs had submitted the inventory of schools to the director in the format prescribed by the DoE, and he asked the rest of the officials to provide the details as early as possible.This is in a bid to take stock of government property available in the state-run schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15066957", "title": "Police collect CCTV clips from Manesar MSIL plant", "text": "GURGAON: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) on Friday collected CCTV footages from Maruti Suzuki India Ltd's (MSIL) Manesar plant to gather evidence related to Wednesday's violence.The team of cyber and forensic experts from Madhuban reached the plant in the morning and took in its custody CCTV cameras, camera recording system and the hard disks of the officers' computers for analysis.Gurgaon police commissioner K K Sindhu also visited the plant and reviewed the security situation.Mob violence at the MSIL Manesar plant had claimed the life of the company's general manager for human resources, Awanish Kumar Dev, 49, and left over 100 management officials injured and hospitalized. Dev was cremated on Thursday evening, in the capital. Over 90 workers have been sent to judicial custody and an FIR has been lodged against around 60 workers, including union leaders.\"With the help of forensic evidences and CCTV cameras footages, we will identify those who were involved in the incident at the earliest. The samples we have collected are being handed over to the experts as they can prove to be very vital evidences\", police commissioner told the TOI.Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (south-East) and supervising officer of SIT, added, \"In the company's premises, many CCTV cameras were installed, but few got damaged during the violence. But with the remaining CCTV footages that are available, we are hoping to identify the accused.\"The police said they were a keeping a strict vigil on the plant now.\"During the visit, we ensured that all security measures were taken and held discussions with the security staff. Some guidelines have been issued and the situation is now under control. Some have already been arrested and other accused will also be behind the bars soon,\" said Sindhu.For the collection of evidence, cyber and forensic experts have also taken the help of the company's hardware experts. \"We want to collect all evidence that is stored in the database for analysis and investigations,\" he added.Japanese embassy delegates visit plant: A five-member delegation from the Japanese embassy visited Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant on Friday.The delegation members inspected the spot and they spent around two hours in the plant amidst tight police security, sources informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15066062", "title": "Traffic curbs near Red Fort, commuters hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Major traffic disruptions were reported in central Delhi due to the prayers held at the mosque near the proposed Jama Masjid Metro Station. Netaji Subhash Chandra Marg remained closed from 10am till 3pm with vehicular movement stopped from all sides \u2014 Chhatta Rail, Delhi Gate and Shanti Van. Traffic was diverted to Salimgarh bypass, Ring Road and Jawaharlal Nehru Marg.\"We made necessary diversions at the time of the demonstration and ensured that minimum inconvenience was caused,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Heavy barricading was in place in the area with all roads leading to Red Fort being cordoned off till the namaaz ended at 2.15pm. Commuters complained of inconvenience because of the diversion at Delhi Gate. Schoolchildren had a tough time waiting in autorickshaws in the heat as cops stopped the vehicles at various points.There was a heavy outflow of traffic after the namaaz ended, leading to chaos near Subhash Park and Daryaganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15067039", "title": "4 wardens hurt in Viyyur jail clash", "text": "THRISSUR: Clash between prison inmates and jail officials on Friday afternoon left seven people - four wardens and three prisoners - injured at Viyyur Central Jail.The clash erupted in front of the guard room after Muslim prisoners demanded permission to attend Friday prayers. The clash allegedly was started by jailed CPM activists who were recently shifted from Kannur Central Jail to Viyyur.According to T Baburaj, the jail superintendent, the warden of D-Block gave 10 inmates permission to attend Friday prayers. However, all prisoners in D-Block came out, and Shefi, the warden on duty at the guard room, objected to this. \"Prisoners were agitated and assaulted Shefi. Almost all jail officials were busy serving lunch in other blocks and by the time we reached the spot, prisoners had manhandled Shefi, head warden Unnikrishnan and wardens Manoj and Ajeesh, who had rushed to help Shefi,\" said Baburaj.Sources in the jail said the clash lasted for over half-an-hour and was brought under control after a lathicharge.The injured wardens have been admitted to the district hospital. The injured prisoners - Reneef, Ravi and Nirmal, all serving life sentence - have been admitted to the Thrissur Medical College Hospital.The DIG (prisons) has ordered an inquiry into the incident and Viyyur police have registered criminal cases against 11 prisoners for attacking policemen on duty.Thrissur: A violent clash between political prison inmates and jail keepers left at least seven people injured including three wardens at Viyyur Central Jail in Thrissur on Friday noon.The clash erupted in front of the guard room, when the Muslim members of the political prisoners demanded permission to attend the Friday prayers as a mass. The clash was started by the political prisoners of CPI (M), who were shifted from Kannur Central Jail to the Viyyur facility recently.According to T Baburaj, Superintendent, Viyyur Central Jail the clash started around 1 pm. \"The warden of the D-Block had given permission for 10 inmates to attend Friday prayers at first. However, all the political prisoners of the D-Block came out of the block, which was questioned by the duty man at the guard room, Shefi. The prisoners were agitated over the routine questioning and started assaulting Shefi. Almost all officers at the jail were busy serving lunch at other blocks and by the time we reached spot, prisoners had heavily manhandled Shefi, head warden Unnikrishnan and wardens Manoj and Ajeesh, who had rushed to help Shefi,\" said the officer.Sources from the jail said the clash lasted for over half an hour and was brough under control after heavy lathi charge. \"There was tension in the air ever since the political prisoners were brought from Kannur. Today's attack was as if, the prisoners were waiting for a moment to attack the jail keepers. They threw bricks and wooden blocks at us and used all the filthy slang against us. They were shouting that they were political prisoners and would teach us a lesson once their party came back to power,\" said a senior officer.The officer said a minor scuffle had taken place a few days back over food supply and the jail superintendent could solve the issue without much danger.The injured wardens were admitted to the Thrissur district hospital and the injured prisoners Reneef, Ravi and Nirmal, all serving life sentence, were admitted to the Thrissur Medical College Hospital.The DIG (Prisons) ordered an inquiry into the incident and Viyyur police registered a criminal case against 11 political prisoners for attacking policemen on duty.\"There was tension in the air ever since prisoners were brought here from Kannur. It was as if prisoners were waiting for a chance to attack the jail keepers. They threw bricks and wooden blocks at us and used filthy languageThey were shouting that they were political prisoners and would teach us a lesson once their party came back to power,\" said a senior officer.There was a minor scuffle a few days back over food, but the jail superintendent solved the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066318", "title": "Seized toy aircraft piling up at airport warehouse", "text": "MUMBAI: Radio-controlled toy aircraft seized by Customs officials over the years are now fast filling up the warehouse at the Mumbai airport . Till last year, Customs officials had seized more than 1,000 toy aircraft brought by passengers into the country. Though Customs officials say no new aircraft have been seized this year, the old ones are still to be disposed of. Customs officials are mandated to confiscate these aircraft as they violate the Indian Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1933.Customs officials said passengers bring these toys from Bangkok , Hong Kong and places in China. \"This was a very usual practice. However, now it has stopped, as even airlines restrict passengers from carrying them,\" a senior Customs official said. \"However, the old ones need to be disposed as they have piled up over the years,\" he added. Officials said they are awaiting permission from the telecom department and ministry of finance. \"We cannot dispose them on our own as these items are in violation of the rules of the country,\" an official said.Officials said passengers can bring toy aircraft to India only after they obtain a no-objection certificate (NOC) from the joint wireless advisor's office. \"People buy these aircraft on an impulse and usually do not get an NOC,\" an official said.These Chinese aircraft fly on frequencies which are also also allotted to the police and other security agencies for radio communication. \"They can interrupt wireless communication among security agencies. Also, there has been constant warning from intelligence agencies that these devices can be used for terrorist activities,\" a Customs official said.\"After repeated seizures and warnings, passengers have realized that these toys cannot be brought into the country,\" he added. Officials said the department of telecommunication is likely to give guidelines and sanctions to dispose of the aircraft in the next two months.WHY ARE TOY-AIRCRAFT BANNED?These aircraft are in violation of the Indian Wireless Telegraphy Act of 1933.They fly on frequencies which are also allocated to the police and other security agencies for radio communication.They can be a hindrance to the communication between security agencies.Intelligence agencies have warned that these aircraft can be used for terror activities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15068846", "title": "I have many names for Lokayukta, says Santosh N Hegde", "text": "BANGALORE: The Lokayukta's post has been vacant for 11 months now. While the state government is yet to find a person, former Lokayukta Justice Santosh N Hegde said there is no dearth of deserving candidates.\"I have hundreds of names to suggest for the Lokayukta's appointment , but the government is not willing to accept them,\" he said on Friday. Asked if he can take over the post again, he said: \"As per the rulebook, a retired Lokayukta cannot be reappointed . If I have to become Lokayukta again, an amendment is needed. But none of the three political parties likes me. There are many other deserving persons who can be appointed.\"He said the five-member committee of the chief minister, opposition party leader in the legislature , chief justice of the high court, governor and speaker will have to decide on the appointment. \"One meeting of these five key persons can make the appointment possible. The Lokayukta is vital not only to check corruption, but also to oversee the administration,\" he said.TEAM ANNA BACK IN ACTION FROM JULY 25Team Anna's Karnataka chapter will once again go on an indefinite strike from July 25 to demand a strong Lokpal bill. Supporters of the anticorruption crusader will sit on fast in Jantar Mantar, New Delhi. In a show of support, former Lokayukta Justice Santosh N Hegde said the protest in Bangalore will be supported by veteran freedom fighter HS Doreswamy, India Against Corruption activist Prithvi Reddy and others at Freedom Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15066308", "title": "Indians asked not to travel to war-torn Syria", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after it voted in favour of a UN resolution seeking to slap non-military sanctions on Syria, India on Friday issued a travel advisory warning its citizens not to travel to the war-torn country. The 16-month-old conflict between the Bashar al-Assad regime and rebels this week worsened with a bomb attack claiming the lives of Syrian defence minister and Assad's brother-in-law, who was also the deputy chief of staff of the military, and several other officials.In an advisory, the ministry of external affairs said, \"in view of the situation prevailing in Syria, Indian nationals are advised to avoid all travel to Syria until further notification.\"There are only about 50-60 Indians currently in Syria in addition to those in the diplomatic mission. Before the conflict broke out, there were more than 1,000 Indians \u2014 most of whom left after the crisis deepened.India also expressed condolences to Syria on the terrorist attack in Damascus that caused the deaths of a number of senior officials, including deputy prime minister and defence minister Dawood Rajha. \"We strongly condemn this mindless and cowardly act of terrorism,\" said India's permanent representative to the UN Hardeep Puri while explaining India's vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15067980", "title": "Zoo worried over survival of cheetahs", "text": "Mysore: After the death of two cubs of Maya, the African hunting cheetah, there are now concerns about the survival of three cubs. Though they are healthy yet the trio also visibly seems to be missing their mother Maya, who died six weeks back.Speaking to TOI, zoo senior vet Dr Suresh Kumar said that after the death of Maya, they tried giving the cubs goat and cow milk. But, the cubs started developing indigestion. Hence, they are now being regularly fed with chicken soup, Kumar stated. As suggested by experts, authorities are giving the 16-week-old cubs rabbit meat once in a week and cooked chicken.Expert vet Pampapathi, who runs a pet clinic in Bangalore, is visiting Mysore zoo on Sunday. Following back to back deaths of cheetahs, the authorities are seeking his suggestions on rearing the big cats in captivity.Rhino visceral sampleA day after African black rhinoceros died at Mysore zoo, the authorities have sent samples to the Institute of Animal Health and Veterinary Biological in Hyderabad, Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology in Bangalore and Bio chem Diagnostic in Mysore for confirmations, said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15066910", "title": "Witnesses take the stand in Paazee scam case", "text": "COIMBATORE: The trial of the multi-crore financial fraud involving Paazee Forex Trading Firm began at The Tamil Nadu Protection of Interests of Depositors (TNPID) court here on Friday. Two officials from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) appeared for cross examination to verify whether the tainted firm had sought permission from RBI as per the required norms. The firm's three directors were produced before the court.Shanthini Moolchand, deputy general manager of RBI, Mumbai, was prosecution witness number one who appeared before the court and Public Prosecutor (PP) S Natarajan cross examined her. She had explained that non-banking financial institutions needed permission from RBI, but Paazee forex trading firm failed to do so.Defence lawyer Gnanabharathi cross examined the deputy general manager who said that the RBI did not receive any complaints against Paazee.The second witness S C Rath, assistant general manager of Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) wing of RBI, Mumbai, was cross-examined by the public procecutor. He said that the firm should have gotten permission under the FEMA act to engage in forex trading in India and abroad. But it did not get any such permission.When the assistant manager was cross examined he said that FEMA did not get any complaints against Paazee. Then the TNPID court judge M Sreenivasan adjourned proceedings to July 26. Two more witnesses from RBI and Axis bank will be examined by the public procecutor and the defense. Four public prosecutors have been nominated by CBI to speedup the case.CBI had filed a charge sheet which is 14,000 pages long, listing as many as 1,434 witnesses and accused which include's the firm's directors K Kathiravan, former reporter of a Tamil daily in Tirupur and his son, K Mohanraj along with A Kamalavalli of cheating around 48,000 investors spread across 12 states, of Rs 870 crore. The three directors have been lodged in Coimbatore Central Prison, The were booked under 120 (B) (criminal conspiracy), 420 (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property) of Indian Penal Code and under section 4 of The Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act 1978 and section 5 of Tamil Nadu Protection of Interests of Depositors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15068849", "title": "Domino effect chokes roads towards north", "text": "Mumbai: The Western Railway motormen's strike had a domino effect on road and bus traffic on Friday. As commuters searched for ways to return home, roads were jammed and buses packed to the gills. Traffic police said all northbound routes were affected, including Western and Eastern Express highways. \"It took me an hour to travel from Prabhadevi to Bandra in my car. It was terrible to watch women and children walk for kilometres, especially on stretches parallel to stations. Some carried heavy luggage for outstation journeys,\" said a media professional. According to officials, arterial roads and internal roads were affected equally. \"I faced a horrid jam between Andheri and Bandra as vehicles had clogged the streets,\" said IT professional Niranjan Desai. Office-goers returning to their suburban homes from south Mumbai were hit the worst. Buses were packed to the hilt and auto and taxi drivers, exploiting citizens' helplessness, nearly doubled the fare or plainly turned down passengers. \"A black-and-yellow taxi's driver charged me Rs 600 for a 7-km ride but I could not refuse because I had a flight to catch,\" said businessman Rajesh Jain. The BEST pressed 205 extra buses into service. The undertaking's public relations officer N A Walawalkar said, \"We deployed additional buses along the western suburbs to cater to the rush of passengers. We also instructed depots to place inspectors and officers at bus stops to ensure there is no law-and-order problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15075778", "title": "West Nagpur a haven for criminals: Deputy Mayor", "text": "NAGPUR: The image of men-in-uniform has taken a beating due to recent spurt in incidents of crime, be it the robberies or attacks on witness inside courtroom or chain-snatchings.After four city BJP MLAs Devendra Fadnavis, Sudhakar Deshmukh, Krishna Khopde and Vikas Kumbhare raised the issue of deteriorating law and order situation in the city in assembly, deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav on Friday claimed the state of affairs in West Nagpur was alarming.A delegation of Bharatiya Janata Party (west Nagpur) led by deputy mayor on Friday met the commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay and submitted a memorandum demanding a check on crime rate. They asked the CP to solve the crime cases within eight days or the BJP would launch an agitation. Jadhav pointed out that even morning and evening walkers were not safe in west Nagpur.Citing an example, he said a couple of days ago, two women from Bharat Nagar who had gone for morning walk, fell victim to motorcycle borne chain-snatchers on Telangkhedi road. Former corporator Sanjay Bangale's mother had also become the target of chain-snatchers. Similarly, for thieves too west Nagpur, that includes the Ambazari and Gittikhadan police station areas, is a haven, Jadhav claimed, adding that the police had failed to crack even a single case.The recent attack on witnesses inside courtroom also raises a question mark over credibility of city police, he said. \"On July 6, some unidentified thieves struck my home in Bharat Nagar and decamped with valuables worth lakhs of rupees,\" he said. In 15 days after that, the police had done nothing much except visiting the crime scene, he added. CP assured the delegation to speed up the investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "sodhinagar (ferozepur)", "code": "15067538", "title": "Village kids pin education hopes on Sodhi's medal", "text": "SODHINAGAR (FEROZEPUR): Amid an anxious wait for the monsoon showers, Malwinder Singh Sodhi -- the farmer father of India's Olympic gold medal hope Ronjan Sodhi -- stands like an optimist patriot marvelling at the vast tracts of his agricultural land in the family village Sodhinagar in Ferozepur.As he keeps track of his double trap shooting champion son's training progress in Italy and London, legions of unlettered farmers and their young kids from the neighbouring villages pour in collective wishes, swelling him with pride.Kids from primary and secondary government schools gleefully erect billboards and life size posters of their hero as their schools remain closed due to lack of teachers or poor infrastructure.\"No one comes to my school. The headmaster told us that classes will begin by September. Till that time I can earn Rs 50 for putting up these boards..if not education,\" an 11-year-old Gurwinder Singh, says naively.Jumping from the canopy of one swinging tree to another, they mock hunt birds and sing paeans to Sodhi.Their big hope is that the ace shooter's success may usher in a revolutionary change in education and sports in their town.\"If Sodhi sir brings medal for us, we may get more schools here,\" says nine-year-old Arshdeep Kaur Gurm.Fourteen years ago, lack of good schooling here had forced Malwinder and his wife to send the then young Ronjan to study in Delhi.The father looked after the agricultural produce and the mother reared her two young sons.\"There was dearth of good schooling in Ferozepur even in 1998 when I had shifted to Delhi along with Ronjan and my other son Birendeep ... We first wanted to make sure that he received good education which this district lacked during those years....along with training in shooting,\" Ronjan's mother Gitanjali recollects.Two decades later, the situation hasn't improved much for Ferozepur's young students as the district totters at an incredibly low literacy rate of 68.9% -- third lowest in Punjab -- according to the 2011 Census.For females, the rate is even more alarming at 62.2% which is the state's lowest.From the data available with the district education department, there are just 1,581 teachers available to teach 55,236 students enrolled in 220 middle level and 564 primary schools, leaving the teacher-student ratio at 1: 34.Whenever the double trap shooter has, in the past, brought laurels to this border town situated on the banks of Sutlej river, the India-Pakistan check post has resounded with loud triumphant gunshots from his mini battlefield.His heroics have even brought an unprecedented interest in sports here.The farmers, however, look a worried lot.\"Water logging has turned our lands barren. Some have moved to neighbouring towns like Bathinda and Ludhiana. My daughter wants to learn hockey...Only if the state government wished to teach our kids in schools. What's the use of feeding the country through our harvest?\" rues a paddy grower Joginder Singh.\"The vacancies are huge... but state government is working hard to iron out the rough spots,\" the two district education officers - Naresh Kumari and Lakshman Singh -- admit.As the 33-year-old Sodhi hopes to strike his first gold, the town that once shielded the nation during the 1971 Indo-Pak war will too search for its worth in gold, the farmers believe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065545", "title": "AIIMS team to visit Bihar to check on conjoined twins", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two surgeons from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) will visit Bihar after the Nitish Kumar government traced the conjoined twins - Saba and Farah - to examine their suitability for a complex surgery for physical separation. The team will submit a report to the Supreme Court by July 30.This order was passed by a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra after additional solicitor general Indira Jaising said the two experts had visited Apollo Hospital, where the twins were admitted in 2005, but it did not yield much as their case records were not traceable.On a PIL by law student Aarushi Dhasmana highlighting the urgent medical attention needed by the twins who were deprived of it because of impoverished condition of their parents, the bench had last week asked the government to constitute an expert team.The ministry of health and family welfare nominated two experts from AIIMS -- Prof Minu Bajpai from the department of paediatric surgery and Prof A K Bisoi from the department of cardiothoracic and vascular surgery - and Dr Benjamin Carson of Apollo Hospital.However, when Bajpai and Bisoi visited Apollo Hospital on July 18, they learnt that Dr Carson was not an employee of Apollo Hospital but was a visitor at the time the twins were treated there. Apollo Hospital also said \"it would not be possible to retrieve the case records (of Saba and Farah) immediately\" and named Dr Mukul Varma in place of Dr Carson.Varma informed the team that \"in October 2005, a multi-disciplinary team of experts which included an expert advice from renowned paediatric neurosurgeon Benjamin Carson from John Hopkins Hospital, US, had examined the conjoined twins, who were accordingly investigated\".\"The entire procedure was discussed among the team members, after which the risks and benefits of surgery were explained in detail to the family/father. The parents were also explained in detail the natural future course of the children's condition without surgery. The father wanted time to decide. The finances at that time were being looked after by a good samaritan and there was no financial burden on the parents. After leaving the hospital, they never came back for follow-up,\" Varma said.The committee of Bajpai, Bisoi and Varma in its status report to the court said a thorough physical examination should be conducted to \"assess the current physical condition\" of the twins to deliberate on the future course of medical management, including cost.Dhasmana, quoting a newspaper report, had informed the apex court that for the last four months, the conjoined teenaged twins were bedridden and experiencing acute pain but the poor parents were unable to seek medical help.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15064749", "title": "Opposition gets 'exposure' on Naxal-affected Gadchiroli", "text": "NAGPUR: A presentations on development issues, security and Naxal problems in Gadchiroli were made to state leaders by senior government officials at an all-party meeting on Friday in Mumbai. The meeting was called by the beleaguered state home and guardian minister of the district, RR Patil who has received a lot of flak for the goings-on in Gadchiroli where several elected representatives have quit due to different reasons.Patil had arranged for the presentations to be made by senior district officials in order to bring the opposition close to the ground reality in the affected district which is witnessing a spurt in rebel movement. After the opposition gunned for Patil, he had given the assembly an assurance that the presentation would be made.Eknath Khadse, leader of the opposition of the state assembly, was present along with BJP state chief Sudhir Mungantiwar and other MLAs.Sources claimed additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan, deputy inspector general of police Naxal range Ravindra Kadam and Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna made the presentations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "the complaint", "code": "15068952", "title": "Cops pamper molest accused", "text": "The complaint: The (auto) driver suddenly started hitting my husband. When he retaliated, the driver went away and returned with a gang of about a dozen colleagues, who were armed with rods and chains. My husband was pinned to the ground and beaten up. Some others surrounded me and started heckling me. A woman suddenly appeared and the driver told her: \"Parul di, oke ekbar nijeder jaygay nie jai, tarpor dekhacchi (Let us take her to our area and we will teach her a lesson).\" Two-three men and the woman pushed me into the auto and drove me to the Pyarabagan slum, nearly a kilometre away. To my horror, I found that a crowd of about a hundred was waiting for me there. They lunged at me and started hitting me. They threatened to kill my husband. I freed myself and ran. They chased me for about a hundred yards but couldn't catch me. A homeguard was present but did not come to my aid. The police took more than 20 minutes to reach the spot.The FIR &amp; the charges: Rash driving (Sec 279 IPC), mischief causing damage to the amount of Rs 50 (Sec 427 IPC), wrongful confinement (Sec 341 IPC), molestation (Sec 354 IPC), causing hurt (Sec 323 IPC), and abettor present while crime is committed (Sec 114 IPC). All bailable.The result: Accused auto-driver Bikash Shah walks free on a bail bond of Rs 600 after he surrenders. He claims that the woman had slapped him and got into the auto on her own.Were the charges enough? DCP (south) D P Singh says the IPC sections were leveled as per the \"elements in the complaint\".Kolkatans, shocked by the alleged molestation and assault in the heart of the city, also wondered if the police were too lenient on the auto driver. Legal experts say that the police could have lodged a case of abduction under Section 365 IPC or 366 IPC \u2014 both of which are non-bailable \u2014 but chose not to. Retired police officers also said that the accused had been let off lightly.Criminal lawyer Tamal Mukherjee said: \"A victim does not lodge an FIR, the police do. A victim may not be aware of the fact that a 'motive' needs to be attributed to an act of abduction. She needs to be asked about it. And an FIR is not the final word. Sections could have been added subsequently.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15073306", "title": "Sharad's Pawar's NCP is part of UPA, no pressure tactics, says Praful Patel", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP, which was reported to have earlier decided to pull out of the UPA government in protest against the way the party was treated by Congress, on Saturday said it will remain an ally of the ruling coalition.Talking to reporters at the city airport after his arrival from Delhi with NCP supremo Sharad Pawar, Praful Patel said, \"NCP is part of the UPA and will remain so.\"NCP, a stable ally of Congress for the last eight years, created a crisis of sorts for the government when Pawar, Minister for Agriculture, sent a one line communication to the Prime Minister expressing his decision to quit along with Patel, Minister for Heavy Industry.Patel dismissed suggestions that the NCP was resorting to pressure tactics.\"We have already spoken to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and no top leader of the Congress has said we are pressurising the UPA,\" he said.\"If any leader in the Congress says this is pressure tactics, it's not right,\" he said.Sharad Pawar did not speak to the media.State NCP chief Madhukar Pichad and other senior party ministers are expected to call on Pawar at his residence later in the day, where he will apprise them of the developments in Delhi and discuss the political situation in the state, NCP sources said.Pawar had informed UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi that NCP, which has nine members in the Lok Sabha and seven in the Rajya Sabha, will stay part of UPA. During his discussion with both the Prime Minister and the UPA chairperson, Pawar had raised issues of lack of coordination and consultation by Congress with allies and governance issues like excess food subsidy at the cost of funding for water projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073767", "title": "Nia Sharma\u2019s love for kids", "text": "Actress Nia Sharma is currently riding high on the success of her show Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai.Playing the role of the younger sister Manvi in the show, Nia has created a place for herself in the showbiz industry and is confident that she is here to stay. But there is a side of Nia that her fans don't know about and that is her love for young children. She says, \"I share a special bond with kids. I love interacting with them and make friends with them easily. I think it's because I start talking their language and connect easily\".Apart from her love for children, Nia also loves to play basketball. Ask her if she is a foodie at heart and she laughs and says, \"Not at all! I am actually the opposite. I can starve myself to keep my tummy flat. I do not eat junk food\". Nia admits to love shopping like every girl. She says, \"I can run to a mall in every break that I get. But I am not a spendthrift. If I like something, I'll buy it\".Well, with a serious role on screen, we're sure Nia loves her carefree moments off screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15068309", "title": "Headscarf row: Student forum to continue its protest", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore University All Colleges Union, a student organization of Campus Front of India (CFI), extended their support to Muslim students of Sri Ramakunjeshwara First Grade College, Ramakunja near Uppinangady in Dakshina Kannada district by holding a protest in front of the college on Friday.The union members demanded Muslim girls in the college be allowed to wear the shawl of their uniform as headscarf inside classrooms.Union spokesperson Hyder Habeed told TOI that the college should consider the religious feelings of Muslim girls and allow them to wear headscarf. \"We demand the institute compensate attendance of the past seven days and hold additional tuition classes for the students to cover the lost portions,\" he said adding that the protest would be intensified if their demands were not fulfilled.Union members held a rally prior to the protest and handed over a memorandum to the college authorities.Meanwhile, principal Vasanth Rao said that the college was firm on its decision.\"We have not changed our decision. Students may enter the classrooms wearing the uniform and they will not be allowed to wear headscarf inside classrooms,\" he added. Students started protesting against the college's dress code, which does not allow girls to wear headscarf in classrooms on July 12. The principal said about 104 students from the college joined the protest and later 29 of them attended the classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15067144", "title": "Azam Khan promises to revive beauty of ghats", "text": "VARANASI: Urban development minister Azam Khan raised hopes for the revival of beauty of ghats along the Ganga and also assured to look into the matter of tortoise sanctuary. Preparations for Mahakumbh-2013 at Allahabad are the topmost priority of the state government, Azam said and added that the efforts for the construction of an eight-lane flyover to facilitate pilgrims before the commencement of Mahakumbh, are still continuing.Khan said that he had urged the chief minister to spare Rs 250 crore from the funds recently released by the Centre. If this plan fails to materialise before the forthcoming Mahakumbh, the project would be brought on the floor after the Mahakumbh because he did not want to see the elderly pilgrims travelling more than eight kilometres to take holy dip in Sangam during Kumbh festivals. He said that measures initiated by the state government had helped in improving the civic condition in Allahabad.The government would also focus on Varanasi but after completing the preparations at Allahabad, he clarified. The minister, who also visited the ghats along the Ganga during his stay in Varanasi, said that he was shocked to see that the efforts made by SP during its last regime to improve the condition of ghats were still lying incomplete. The ghats are identity of this city and attract a large number of tourists from across the world, he said, assuring that he would see what role the state government can play in the issue of tortoise sanctuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "15067109", "title": "Suspected Chandipura virus kills four", "text": "NADIAD: Kheda district development officer (DDO) has relieved chief district health officer D R Panchal of his charge after the death of four children due to suspected Chandipura viral fever in the district since past one week.The fever has gripped Matar, Mahemdabad and Kheda and villagers have accused the district health office of callousness in dealing with the situation. Of the four, three deaths were reported in Kumarvada village alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15073414", "title": "Agilent Technologies to expand in tier-II, III cities", "text": "MUMBAI:\"We have a strong presence in tier I cities and now we are looking at expanding our operations in tier II and tier III cities,\" Agilent Technologies country manager, India, P Siva Kumar told here.The company's products are widely used in test and measurement in pharmaceutical, bio-pharma, clinical diagnostics and metal industry.We see huge potential in tapping vast agri and food processing industry for test and measurement in tier II and III cities of the country, Kumar said.NYSE-listed Agilent Technologies, world's premier measurement company and technology leader in chemical analysis, life sciences, diagnostics, electronics and communications, had net revenues of $6.6 billion in fiscal 2011. The company's 20,000 employees serve customers in more than 100 countries.Agilent Technologies India has set up centre of excellence in Bangalore and Manesar. The India operations clocked $170 million revenue in 2011 and has around 200 employees.India's measurement instruments industry is estimated at $400 million and it is growing at 15 per cent per annum, Kumar said.Meanwhile, the company today announced the launch of its aftermarket solutions, Agilent CrossLab.Agilent CrossLab is the combination of multi-vendor services as well as supplies to customers, who use non-Agilent instruments.Agilent had launched multi-vendor support services to customers as early as January 2010. Recently, Agilent combined supplies and services under one umbrella called Agilent CrossLab for ease of customer understanding.Among others, Agilent supports equipment and supplies of companies like Bruker, Dionex, Perkin Elmer, Shimadzu, Thermo Scientific and Waters.In India, more than 500 other manufacturers of non-Agilent instruments are under CrossLab Services. More than 15 top pharma companies in India are also availing CrossLab Services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15069060", "title": "Boy dies after being \u2018punched\u2019 by student", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class VII boy collapsed and died in his school when a classmate allegedly punched him in his neck, police said on Friday.The bullying incident took place on Thursday when B Ganesh Kumar was hit by his classmate. Though postmortem report is yet to be released, initial reports suggest he died of sudden cardiac arrest.Ganesh's elder brother, B Karthik, a Class IX student at the same school, narrated the traumatic event. \"I was in class when a friend told me that my younger brother had collapsed,\" Karthik said, adding, \"I rushed out and found Ganesh on the field. Some Class XII boys helped me carry him to the hospital near the school. None of the staff accompanied us.\"Ganesh's mother and parents of other students staged a five-hour protest outside the school, demanding an explanation for the boy's death. Police appeared to be harried as they tried to control the irate parents. \"We trust the school staff to look after the children. Why is no one from the school willing to tell us what happened? This should not happen to any child,\" Menaka Kumari, a parent who joined the protest, said.ACP Peer Mohammed said investigators had questioned the boy who punched Ganesh. But said the doctor who performed the initial autopsy said that the blow did not kill the boy. \"The doctor said Ganesh died of brain hemorrhage brought on by epileptic fits,\" the ACP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15067463", "title": "NASA includes two Indian innovators on waste management", "text": "WASHINGTON: NASA, the US space agency has included two Indian innovators for its conference on waste management.Nitin Gupta from Attero Recycling and Anshu Goonj from Goonj are among nine innovators from across the globe that made it to the NASA conference on waste management, which started on Friday.Supported by the US Agency for International Development (USAID), the State Department and Nike; the fourth installment of the event being held at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, is called LAUNCH: Beyond Waste.It aims to identify and accelerate solutions in waste management, an immediate issue for astronauts aboard the International Space Station, as well as people around the world.The forum runs through July 22. Gupta from Attero Recycling is India's leading provider of end-to-end electronic and electrical goods e-Waste management services; while Goonj is a grassroots NGO focused on transforming and revaluing clothing and textiles waste by working on these issues directly at the community level.NASA said these innovators were chosen for this forum because of their groundbreaking technologies and programmes that address a broad range of waste issues, including waste-to-energy; eWaste, which includes discarded electrical or electronic devices; upcycling, the process of using waste to create new materials; recycling; agricultural waste and conservation; medical waste; sustainable chemicals and materials; and improved sanitation.During the three-day forum, LAUNCH innovators will discuss their most pressing business and programme issues with LAUNCH Council members, who represent the business, waste management, investment, international development, policy, engineering, science, communications and sustainability sectors.For NASA, LAUNCH draws parallels between resource challenges humans face aboard the space station and on Earth.With no natural resources in the hostile environment of space, astronauts must generate, collect, store, conserve, recycle and manage their resources wisely, NASA said.LAUNCH offers NASA's problem-solving expertise to crucial conversations on sustainability-related topics with innovative problem solvers from around the world.It enables the agency to promote emerging, transformative technology to sustain and enrich the quality of life on Earth, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15076371", "title": "My reward from Jackie Shroff: Haneesh Khani", "text": "It was indeed a moment of pride for doctor-turned-actor Haneesh Khani when Jackie Shroff, his co-star in Nissar's Platform No 1, spoke high of him to his professor. \"I was heard Jackie talking to one of my professors that I am showing great improvement in acting,\" says Haneesh and adds that it was like receiving an award from the actor himself.He was also taken in for a surprise when he discovered that Jackie Shroff was indeed a very down-to-earth and chilled out person in real life. Platform No 1, which will also have Shweta Menon , Thilakan and Dhanya Mary Varghese in pivotal roles, is set for release in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15067050", "title": "Thai national Aung Soe reported missing", "text": "KOCHI: Thailand national Aung Soe, who had been living in a police station for the last 17 months after being rescued by the Navy from Somali pirates, was reported missing from the station on Friday.Though police conducted a search at the places which 30-year-old Soe used to visit regularly, they could not trace him. Aung Soe was living in a shed on the premises of the Harbour police station after repeated attempts by the police and other agencies failed to send him to his home country.Aung Soe had been living at the police station with the support of some police personnel. Though he was from Thailand, he did not have documents to prove that he was a Thai national. All attempts made by the district administration to deport him to Thailand failed as the Thailand authorities said there were no records proving that Soe was a Thai national.\"We tried to contact him over mobile phone which we had given him, but the phone is switched off. We have registered a man missing case,\" said Harbour police station sub-inspector C M Paulose.\"He used to go to a canteen situated close to the police station. They have not seen him for the last two days. We have alerted the authorities concerned,\" the officer said.Aung Soe was among the 19 persons who were held hostage by Somalian pirates in a fishing boat from April 18, 2010. The pirates operated the vessel for nearly eight months until the Indian Navy intercepted it. On December 10, 2010, the Indian Navy rescued him and handed him over to the Harbour police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "15067011", "title": "Bhuj BSF battalion shooting champs", "text": "PALANPUR: The four-day Inter Battalion Shooting competition of Border Security Force (BSF), Gujarat Frontier, which concluded at Dantiwada on Friday, saw 124 Battalion (BN) posted at Bhuj emerging as over all champion.The runners-up trophy went to 78 Battalion posted at Dantiwada, Banaskantha district.Deputy inspector general, BSF, S K Verma said, \"A jawan is known for his physical fitness, including shooting skills. The more you sweat in training, the less you will bleed in war.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15071426", "title": "Sri Vaas to direct Gopichand-Nayanthara film?", "text": "Heard this? The makers of Gopichand-Nayanthara film are planning to replace director Bhupathi Pandian with Sri Vaas. Rumors are rife that the producer of the film Tandra Ramesh is considering a replacement for the director to take over the film after the first schedule.Apparently, Gopichand has demanded a bound script from Bhupathi Pandian before proceeding to the next schedule. This did not go well with the director and differences have cropped up between the two prompting the makers to change the director.It's being buzzed that Sri Vaas would direct this film although there's no official announcement from the producer over this change. Sri Vaas earlier directed Gopichand for \"Lakshayam\" and the film was a huge success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15065121", "title": "One of the oldest city schools to get new building", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a five-year battle, one of the oldest schools in the city, the Government High School (GHS) at Errum Manzil Colony is all set to get a new building.Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy will lay the foundation stone for the new building at Errum Manzil colony along with the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) expansion plan. Nims proposes to construct a new building for the Regional Institute of Para Medical Sciences (RIPS) by demolishing the existing school building. The school will continue to run from the existing structure till its new building is completed.Incidentally, minister for secondary education K Parthasaradhi is an alumnus of the school. According to sources, he was a student in class IV during 1972-73 and later continued education at the government school near Raj Bhavan.\"Nims will bear the expenditure for not only the proposed institute but also for school building, staff quarters and other lab-related structures. Both central and state governments will spend around Rs 80 crore for the proposed expansion project. We have around 35 acre land at Errum Manzil colony,\" Nims director A Dharma Rakshak told TOI. \"We will complete construction of the new school building within a year. Once the school is shifted to the new premises, the old building will be demolished. Till then, the school will continue functioning in the same building,\" the official said.The estates officer of Hyderabad and Secunderabad Government Quarters issued eviction notices to the district educational officer (DEO) to vacate the school building when Nims proposed its expansion project five years ago.Several students' organisations protested the demolition of the building. Even Andhra Pradesh State Human Rights Commission (APSHRC) took note of the issue and asked the government to provide alternate site for construction of the new school building.\"Based on SHRC's orders, we identified around 3,500 square yards of land belonging to the Association Buiding Errum Manzil, Mahila Mandal building and some vacant land between a few residential quarters at Errum Manzil colony. Nims also accepted to foot the bill for construction of the new school building,\" sources in Estates Office said.When contacted, Government High School headmistress C B Nirmala said \"The school's original strength was 450. On learning that the school building will be demolished, parents panicked and the strength came down to 220.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15068324", "title": "Western Railway motormen strike, hold Mumbai to ransom", "text": "Mumbai: A section of Western Railway's motormen went on a flash strike on Friday afternoon to protest the appointment of two \"rebels\", causing mayhem on the train network and on roads. Nearly 50 services were cancelled, when the agitation was called off. During the period, lakhs of Mumbaikars had to suffer as roads were jam-packed and buses filled to the brim.Many commuters had to walk for kilometres since auto and taxi drivers, exploting their helplessness, doubled the fare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15055567", "title": "IBM to hire more salesmen", "text": "International Business Machines's decade long shift to higher-margin software sales helped the company overcome a slowdown in technology spending last quarter and boost its full-year earnings forecast.Excluding some items, profit will increase to at least $15.10 a share this year, up from a previous forecast of $15, IBM said on Thursday in a statement. Analysts had predicted $15.06 on average, according to data compiled by Bloomberg . Earnings were $3.51 in the quarter, topping the $3.43 average estimate, even as sales declined.IBM, the world's biggest computer-services provider, aims to get half of its earnings from software by 2015 --a move away from less-profitable hardware and services . Chief executive officer Ginni Rometty sees an opportunity for growth by selling software in developing economies and creating programs that work with cloud computing and business analytics.\"This quarter certainly suggests that the software play was a good idea,\" said Andrew Bartels, an analyst with Forrester Research. \"The margins are much better than in other categories, and there are signs that demand may start to get stronger in the second half of the year.\"Adding salespeople The company plans to hire as many as 300 salespeople each month for the rest of the year to help promote its software products, chief financial officer Mark Loughridge said on a conference call. The shift to software, along with other moves such as stock buybacks and acquisitions, has helped IBM keep earnings stable through the economic headwinds in Europe and a slowdown in China, said Amit Daryanani, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets in New York .\"They're continuing to execute on things that have worked for them in the past,\" he said. \"They have a lot of levers, like accelerating cost savings or doing more aggressive buybacks, to reach their numbers.\" IBM sales fell 3% to $25.8 billion last quarter, dragged down by sluggish demand for hardware and currency fluctuations. Adjusting for currency changes, the revenue climbed 1%. Analysts had predicted sales of $26.3 billion.Profit goal Rometty has a five-year plan that targets annual operating earnings of at least $20 a share by 2015, up from $13.44 last year. Analytics software, which helps businesses predict trends, is seen generating $16 billion in sales by 2015, while cloud computing will account for $7 billion. Companies are increasingly storing their data and programs in the cloud, which means they access the software online via remote data centers.IBM has used buybacks to reduce its share count by a third since 2000 and boosted its repurchase plan by $7 billion in April. That has helped the company lift its earnings per share and stock price and won praise from investors such as Warren Buffett .Second-quarter net income increased 5.9% to $3.88 billion, or $3.34 a share, from $3.66 billion, or $3, a year earlier. IBM's sales in Europe, the Middle East and Africa were worth less when converted to dollars, as the euro declined about 12% from a year earlier. The credit crisis in the region also may have hurt growth.\"IBM hedges for that quite a bit, but currency got ugly,\" said Ed Maguire, an analyst with Credit Agricole Securities in New York.Formerly IBM's sales and marketing head, Rometty , 54, succeeded Sam Palmisano in January. She became the first female CEO in the company's 100-year history. Palmisano, who had been CEO since 2002, remains chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15064863", "title": "Shylocks in Old City back to their wily ways", "text": "Where there is poverty, there is money lending. And where is there is unregulated money lending there is zulm (tyranny), says P Satyanarana, a senior citizen from Shah Ali Banda.Satyanaryana has been witness to many seasons in the Old City. That glorious times of the past, he says, had its share of dark spots. Nawabs and rajas had to resort to borrowing money to finance their ostentatious living. The money lenders were all too polite while dealing with their 'respectable' clients. They bore the blistering verbal assaults of the feudal lords but never compromised on a paisa. They were privately called meethi churi (sweet knife).With the downfall of the feudal system, things changed. The dawn of democracy brought in a different set of problems. While the class of nawabs and rajas was marginalised over time, the poor became the main source of income for the moneylenders. Zulm became rampant.Ramchander is a fruit seller in Madannapet. He has two bandis (carts). About five years ago he found a place on a busy road in front of a shop where he could station the bandis. The shop owner claims right over that space and charges him Rs 20 per day. Ramchander has also been paying mamool to police and GHMC officials. Still he has to pay chalans, at least once a week, to the police. When he refuses, the cops take away his tarazu (balance) or sometimes the fruits from his bandi.The bigger problem Ramchander faces is to raise money, about Rs 20,000, to buy apples, oranges, bananas, etc., from the market. He goes to the market where he knows a financier who 'helps' him. If he asks for Rs 10,000, he is given Rs 8,500 after the deduction of interest for three months. Ramchander rotates that money, pays back and borrows again at the same exorbitant interest rate. The unending money borrowing cycle has taken its toll on Ramchander. At 30, he looks at least 10 years older than his age. He is worried about his two daughters. His monthly expenses are growing but not his income.Sheikh Hyder is also a fruit seller. His size of business is slightly bigger. During this mango season he borrowed Rs 50,000 for three months. The season did not do well. He is down by Rs 20,000. He is worried about the repayment of loan along with compound interest.There are increasing number of borrowers who need money to run their petty businesses. They need money to buy autorickshaws or sewing machines or other tools to eke out a living. Some of them also need money to pay for their kids' education, to marry off their daughters and to celebrate Eid and Tahwar.All this has led to unprecedented growth of illegal money lending business. The money lenders are armed with muscle power and political influence. They buy out policemen and other officials. When a borrower does not pay up on time, the interest rate is doubled or tripled. If he still fails, he is insulted, threatened and assaulted. He is sometimes abducted and tortured. The borrower's family members, especially the women folk, are not safe either. The financiers and their henchmen do not hesitate in abducting and molesting women.Police officers who do their bit to control the menace have to deal with political interferences and transfers. Last year's campaign in the Old City against illegal money lenders had rattled many sharks. It is learnt that they are slowing resurfacing again.While police have a duty to remain unrelenting in its crackdown on illegal money lending business, the menace requires effective government intervention. Finance corporations that deal with the economic problems of the poor backward classes, Scheduled Castes and minorities should be activated. It is true that only a humanitarian, compassionate and comprehensive plan can rescue the Old City from its economic morass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15064563", "title": "Jharkhand to take part in Kerala cyber crime meet", "text": "RANCHI: The Cyber Defence Research Centre (CDRC), a unit of cyber crime wing of Jharkhand police, will participate in International Information Security Conference in Thiruvananthapuram scheduled for August 3 and 4. Chief technology officer of the centre Vinnet Kumar will address the conference on cyber security with special reference to policing and ethical hacking.The annual programme named c0c0n, previously known as Cyber Safe, is organized to mark International Information Security Day. The two-day event, being organized by Kerala police, the department of information technology of the Kerala government, and Information Security Research Association (ISRA), a non-profitable organization, will discuss issues like innovations in cyber security, digitization for better service delivery, digitization as a force multiplier, cyber safe government, tackling latest cyber crimes and ethical hacking.Kumar said the event was important for the law enforcers because they would come to know about the emerging challenges and ways to handle them. \"There is no denial of the fact that cyber technology poses new challenges with every passing day and with emerging techniques of hacking, cloning and compromising classified information, the police department in different states need to upgrade their skills and infrastructure as well,\" he said.During the conference, various technical, non-technical, legal and community events will be organized. The kind and aspects of digital security incidents and cyber-crimes are discussed and expert guidance is sought to tackle them.While Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the conference, parliamentarian Shashi Tharoor will present keynote address. Speakers like cyber security advisor from London Frederick Wamala, regional information assurance manager Mathew W Stephen, director Cyber Centre for Excellence London Edward P Gibson and others will participate in the conference.Kumar said c0c0n aimed at providing a platform to discuss, showcase, educate, understand and spread awareness on the latest trends in information, cyber and hi-tech crimes. \"It also aims to provide a hand-shaking platform for various corporate, government organizations including the various investigation agencies, academia, research organizations and other industry leaders and players for better coordination in making the cyber world a better and safe place to be,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15068760", "title": "Grey hair a sign of good health?", "text": "LONDON: Stop getting annoyed by that patch of grey hair on your scalp, as a new study has found that it could be a sign of healthy body.Spanish scientists, who studied wild boars, found that having grey hair and a rather grizzled look could actually be a sign that you have a long and healthy life ahead of you, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Scientists said gray hair, which results from absence of melanin, seemed to be a mark of good health in wild boars \"As with human hair, wild boars show hair graying all across their body fur,\" he said. \"But we found that boars showing hair graying were actually those in prime condition,\" he said.Scientists said that being a redhead could make one more susceptible to illness, an observation found in wild boar populations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066229", "title": "New norms for priority sector rope in MNC banks", "text": "MUMBAI: Foreign banks having 20 or more branches will be brought on a par with domestic banks for priority sector lending targets in a phased manner starting April 1, 2013. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has revised its guidelines for lending to the priority sector - areas where banks are directed to extend 40% of their loans. The new norms includes education loan (including vocational courses) up to Rs 10 lakh in India and Rs 20 lakh for overseas study as a priority sector. Loans to individuals, to pre-pay loans from non-institutional lenders, are also now covered under priority sector.Although the new norms recognize bank investment in securitized loans for priority sector, there is a condition that the interest rate in underlying loans (the rate charged to the ultimate borrower) does not exceed the base rate of the bank-plus-eight percentage points.The overall target under priority sector is retained at 40% as suggested by the Nair Committee. The targets under both direct and indirect agriculture are retained at 13.5% and 4.5% respectively, while refocusing the banks' direct agricultural lending to individuals, self-help groups (SHGs) and joint liability groups (JLGs). The focus of the revised guidelines is also on direct lending by banks and not through intermediaries like non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) and housing finance companies (HFCs).The other areas in the new priority sector list are: Loans to micro and small service enterprises and micro and small manufacturing enterprises, home loans up to Rs 25 lakh in metros and Rs 15 lakh in other centres, loans to food and agro-processing units, overdrafts of up to Rs 50,000 in 'no-frills' accounts and loans to individuals for setting up off-grid solar and other off-grid renewable energy solutions for households.Until now, the priority sector norms were more stringent for Indian banks and they were allowed to meet the targets through indirect means such as investment in bonds because foreign banks did not have the reach as they were subject to restrictions on branch licensing. Foreign banks with less than 20 branches will have no sub targets within the overall priority sector lending target of 32%. This is expected to allow them to lend as per their core competence to any priority sector category.\"The guidelines have a big plus for foreign banks with less than twenty branches. Let's hope some of them will demonstrate the will and ability to go beyond export advances. For others, caps on indirect advances, low thresholds and low-interest caps will continue to pose challenges. Flexibility on distribution channels and higher limits on agricultural infrastructure would have helped the banks and the rural economy,\" said Shinjini Kumar, director (tax and regulatory services), PwC India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072099", "title": "Salman drops in to watch Farah Khan dance", "text": "When Boman Irani and Farah Khan shot a promotional video for their film Shirin Farhad Ki Nikal Padi they decided to get supremely naughty.They dressed up as Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol in Kuch Kuch Hota Hai and decided to have themselves a ball in front of the camera.Little did they know Salman Khan would show up to watch them do the saucy send-up. Salman, we hear, cracked up to see Boman doing a takeoff on his bete-noire.Says Farah, \"I got a real surprise when Salman strolled in to meet me. Boman and I were looking completely wacko dressed as Shah Rukh and Kajol in Kuch Kuch Hota Hai .Salman wanted to see me dance. He found the whole situation very funny.\"On Friday afrernoon at Yashraj Studios Farah Khan who has made Salman Khan dance to her steps in innumerable films, found the tables turned on her when Salman dropped in to see Farah dance.Apparently while dubbing at Yashraj Studios on Friday Salman who is ever-ready for some masti heard that Farah was dancing for her film Shirin Farhad Ki Nilkal Padi in the same building.Salman immediately wanted to watch Farah dance and rushed to see watch het a shimmy on the dancefloor.Says a source, \"Salman was like, ' Saari umr sab ko nachaya. Ab khud nachne ka waqt aaya'. This, he had to see.He had to watch Farah do what she had been making him do all these years.\"Apparently Salman rushed to the set of Farah's song that her associate Geeta Kapoor was choreographing, clapped cheered and whistled for Farah who, poor thing, got so selfconscious that she missed her steps.The Shirin Farhad Ki Nikal Padi director Bela Sehgal said, \"I was shooting a promotional video for my film with Farah and Boman Irani at Yashraj when I heard Salman was dubbing in the same place.We hadn't met for a long time.I spontaneously went over to meet him.\"Apparently Salman loved Farah's moves on the dance floor and urged her to do them more often. Says Bela, \"Farah wants me to do a sequel to Shirin Farhan Ki Nikal Padi immediately. But I want to do something else and then return to these two characters.\"Adds Farah Khan, \"I got a real surprise when Salman strolled in to meet me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065957", "title": "Maharashtra issues notices to 227 truant doctors", "text": "PUNE: State health minister Suresh Shetty on Friday said that the government had issued 15 days notice to 227 doctors, who have not been reporting for duty for over a year.\"These doctors have not been reporting for duty for a long time without information,\" Shetty told TOI on Friday. \"Some of them have not reported for over a year. We published their names and their current place of work in a few newspapers and asked them to report to us immediately. Barring a few doctors, most didn't respond. They will be sacked if they fail to report to us within the notice period,\" Shetty said.The government has also created 550 posts for specialist doctors in the state to provide services to people at the district level, along with the medical officers, Shetty added. On July 7, the government had published the names of the doctors who were not reporting to work and asked them to report on or before July 22. \"Only seven doctors responded,\" said Archana Patil, director of state health services.\"These names are of medical officers posted at primary health centres, rural hospitals and district hospitals across the state. They have not been reporting for duty for a long time,\" Patil said. \"We will recruit new people if they don't turn up.\"Even half a century after independence, Maharashtra continues to lag behind in healthcare services. The hospital industry faces significant shortage of qualified manpower in all categories of doctors, nurses and paramedical staff.The state's master plan, designed to overhaul the public health care infrastructure at a cost of Rs 2,094 crore, envisages 48 new rural hospitals, 151 primary health centres and 881 sub-centres. It also aims at strengthening the intensive care units at hospitals with provision for 100 beds and above and establishing 15 new women and neo-natal hospitals. A health staff of 19,431 personnel will be recruited during the next five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kasara", "code": "15066840", "title": "'We panicked and many jumped into darkness'", "text": "Kasara: Several passengers were either sleeping or were about to go to sleep in the Mumbai-Gondia Vidarbha Express on Thursday night when they were woken up with a jolt. Nagpur resident Parag Sadavarti (21) went through an hour-long trauma after he was stuck inside the toilet when the mishap occurred.\"I had stepped into the toilet when suddenly I heard a loud thud and the next moment the entire compartment shook. Due to the impact, I fell in the toilet. Somehow, I regained my consciousness and tried to open the door. But was found locked. On hearing my screams, my sister rushed to the toilet. Even she failed to open the door. For a moment, I thought I will remain stuck in the toilet. I was relieved when the RPF officials broke the door and freed me an hour later,\" Sadavarti said.Another passenger, who was sleeping when the accident occurred, said she was lucky to escape as she woke up and held on to a handle. \"The passengers in the train panicked and many began to jump into the darkness. Some of us stayed behind because we had luggages,\" she said.Some of the passengers complained that it was difficult to move for the first few minutes as they had developed cramps. \"Due to the accident, some passengers fell down and sustained minor injuries. Several suffered from cramps in the body,\"' said passenger Sunny Singh .Doctors at the Kasara Government Hospital said they provided first aid to one-and-a-half-year-old girl who fell from the seat and escaped with minor bruises. \"The fall was observed when the child landed on a passenger who was sleeping on the floor in the same bay,\" said Shyam Asalkar, who witnessed the fall.Priya Varabhe (37), an associate professor in JJ Hospital, who suffered minor injuries said she was concerned about her brother Rupesh, a medical practitioner in Mumbai. \"I am concerned about the health of my brother. Both his legs have been badly hurt. He also has some pain on his body after people fell on him,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15064753", "title": "Two consortiums shortlisted for Polavaram", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two consortiums-Soma Constructions-CGCA and SEW Infrastructure Ltd-Patel have been shortlisted for the final tenders to execute the mega Polavaram project works, the price bids of which were opened here on Friday.\"We have shortlisted these two consortiums after opening the online bids. The tenders will be finalized in a few days,\" said M Venkateswara Rao, engineer-in-chief, Polavaram project.Soma quoted Rs 4,599.99 crore and SEW Rs 4,653.99 crore for the project.The tenders were cancelled in February this year owing to allegations that they were illegally awarded to Southern Engineering Works allegedly owned by a close aide of TRS chief K Chandrashekar Rao. Fresh bids were called in April and the last date for filing applications was postponed from June 15 to July 5 following requests from prospective bidders.In all, six consortiums -- Soma Constructions-CGCA, Parab Infra Private Ltd-IVRCL, SEW Infrastructure Ltd Patel, Gaman-Gestroi, Madhucon-Sinu Hydro, and Transtroi-UES had qualified in the technical bidding but Soma and SEW were shortlisted.Meanwhile, senior Congress leader Palvai Govardhan Reddy, who berated the government's decision to go ahead with the project, is planning to move the court against the tendering process. \"I met Union minister of state for environment Jayanti Natarajan and brought the issue to her notice.She assured me of taking proper steps. In the mean time, I will also appeal to the AP high court,\" Palvai told TOI by phone from Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066728", "title": "Path to Sanjiv Bhatt's trial opens", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday rejected suspended DIG Sanjiv Bhatt's plea challenging decisions by lower courts. This has paved the way for charges to be framed against Bhatt in a 22 year-old scustodial death case in Jamnagar.Bhatt and six other cops are facing trial in a Jamkhambhalia sessions court in connection with the 1990 alleged custodial death case. A man had died of renal failure after he was detained, along with others, following communal riots.Bhatt challenged a 1995 order by a magisterial court taking cognizance of the offence despite the state government's refusal to sanction the cops' prosecution. After a medical opinion that the death of Prabhudas Vaishnani was natural, the government filed a plea before the magistrate that the court should not take cognizance of the offence.After the magistrate rejected the government decision, the government filed a revision plea before the sessions court requesting that the cops not be prosecuted. This plea was withdrawn by the government after Bhatt implicated chief minister Narendra Modi in the 2002 riots. Following this, the path to trial was opened up and Bhatt ran for cover.After a cycle of litigation, he along with other cops filed a revision plea before the Jamkhambhalia sessions court stating that they could not be prosecuted for various reasons. He contended the state had not given consent, and court couldn't take cognizance of offence. He also claimed that the court should have taken the postmortem report into consideration, which showed that the death was natural.Bhatt's revision plea was finally heard and rejected by the Jamkhambhalia court on June 30. This brought Bhatt before the HC, where he challenged the sessions court's decision as well as the magisterial court's decision to take cognizance of the offence in 1995.However, justice R H Shukla has rejected the suspended cop's requests. After the order was pronounced, Bhatt's counsel demanded a temporary stay on the order to allow him to move the apex court. The judge has kept scheduled this hearing for Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "indore ", "code": "15077155", "title": "Women's dresses should be dignified and not provocative, MP industry minister says", "text": "INDORE : In a reference to Guwahati molestation incident, industry and IT minister of Madhya Pradesh Kailash Vijayvargia said that girls should dress according to Indian culture and tradition. He added that dress of a girl should be dignified and not provocative.\"I always believe that we should respect our culture and tradition. AS far dress of a girl is concern it should be respectful and dignified,\" said Vijayvargia adding that onus of how society look at girls was also depends on them.He further said that girls should dress and behave in a manner that other people look at then with respect. Fashion, style and conduct should be such that it should not provoke, instead it should evoke respect. India has a culture of treating women with respect, but women and girl should follow our tradition.Unfortunately we are blindly following western culture and forgetting our own tradition. \"Beauty is in being respectful. On the name of looking beautiful we should not dress and behave in a way that makes us provocative,\" he said.He was reacting over the incident of Guwahati where in a teenager girl was molested and beaten up group of 20 people on July 10. Till now around 11 people have been arrested, while main accused Amar Jyoti Kalita is still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15066952", "title": "2,000 cops put on duty in 3 plants", "text": "GURGAON: To ensure security after the large-scale violence in Maruti Suzuki India Ltd.'s Manesar plant around 2,000 policemen were deployed at the company's Manesar plant, the Sector 18 Gurgaon plant and at Suzuki Powertrain India Ltd. on Friday.A DCP-rank officer was deployed as the supervising officer in each of the three plants. He provided a detailed report to the Special Investigation Team as well as the commissioner of police. Some more workers were detained and questioned in this connection. However, no arrests were made. \"Our teams are investigating but on Friday, we did not arrest anyone in connection with the incident at Manesar plant,\" confirmed Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (South-East) and supervising officer of SIT.All the three plants of MSIL have been turned into police camps. Two days ago, just after the incident, around 1,300 policemen were deployed at the Manesar plant and at the Suzuki powertrain. However, on Friday morning, around 600 to 700 policemen were deployed at the Sector 18 plant of MSIL. A senior police officer said that police did not want to take any risk after the violence at the site and all police teams are vigilant.To avoid any violation, police teams from Madhuban, India Reserve Battalion (IRB) and other surrounding districts have joined hands with the Gurgaon police. \"More than 2,000 policemen are deployed in all three plants of MSIL. Our teams are vigilant and are overseeing all activities properly,\" said police commissioner K K Sindhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kasara", "code": "15066830", "title": "Alert engine driver averts tragedy on tracks", "text": "Kasara: It was the presence of mind of the Vidarbha Express engine driver that helped prevent a major tragedy on Thursday night near Umbermali, when the Mumbai-Gondia train collided with the derailed bogies of the Kasara-CST local that left one person dead and 14 injured. The Vidarbha Express driver brought the train to a sudden halt by applying the brakes immediately, as he saw the red signal alert flashed by the motorman of the local. In the impact, the engine derailed and one of the coaches-S10-got on top of another coach-S9.\"The time interval between the derailed local train coming to a halt and the collision was only 117 seconds and the driver did the best possible thing by applying the brakes,\" Central Railway general manager Subodh Jain said after visiting the site.Railway minister Mukul Roy announced an ex gratia of Rs 5 lakh to the dead, Rs 1 lakh each to the grievously injured and Rs 25,000 each to persons who sustained simple injury.TOI was among the first to reach the accident spot on Thursday night and railway officials said the work of rerailing the suburban trains would be done by 1.30am on Saturday. The train services remained suspended between Kasara and Asangaon stations throughout Friday.\"We ran the services normally between CST and Asangaon. Also, long distance trains were diverted via Kalyan-Pune and Diva routes, while some were cancelled on Friday,\" a railway spokesperson said.The accident happened between 9.31pm and 9.32pm when a boulder that slipped due to landslide hit the motorman's cabin while the local was approaching Umbermali station. Before the motorman could react, it hit the second, third, fourth and fifth coaches of the suburban train. Though the motorman applied brakes, 11 coaches had been derailed by then.Passengers in the women's compartment, next to motorman, were the worst hit when the Vidarbha Express engine derailed and collided. Sakina Qureshi (65), a resident of Tiwala, who was returning home from Kasara died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15066139", "title": "Leopard skin seized, two held", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest officers of Gadchiroli on Wednesday arrested two poachers and seized a leopard skin from them. Forester officials posing as customers, lured the accused into the trap.According to reports, forest officers of Gadchiroli range got a tip off about a person having leopard skin. They posed as customers and approached the poachers for buying the skin. The time for exchange of leopard skin was fixed on Wednesday.The accused identified as Malla Gawde from Kamalpeth in Sironcha tehsil and Shankar Waghmare from Tadali in Chandrapur district, brought the skin to Gadchiroli. Lurking foresters led by round officer Videsh Galgat rounded them up immediately and seized the skin. Offences under relevant sections of Wildlife Protection Act have been registered against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15068754", "title": "Narendra Modi: TINA ya MINA?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This is the Bharatiya Janata Party's biggest dilemma today as it gives in to Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's categorical demand that he be declared the party's prime ministerial candidate for 2014.The party leadership is closely monitoring a juststarted war between two Urdu dailies in Uttar Pradesh which have taken opposing stances on Modi's olive branch to Muslims, packaged as 'Sadbhavana'. Barely two months ahead of the assembly elections due in December 2012, Modi's secularism will be put to test again during the Eid-ul-Zuha festival, also known as Bakr-Eid, when government agencies traditionally seize trucks carrying bovine animals for slaughter. His 'Sadbhavana' has not gone down well with the core of his Hindu vote bank. The TINA (there is no alternative) factor of course stems from the fact that there is no other crowdpuller in the country's second biggest political party. This theory is being reinforced by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS).MINA (Modi is not acceptable) noises are coming from the quarter which does not want to be seen with Modi, lest it annoys Muslim voters. Leading the pack is Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar , whose notes may sound jarring to Modi but is music to the ears of many BJP stalwarts who dare not raise their voice on this issue.It is not without reason that former chief minister Keshubhai Patel is calling Modi a Hitler. At the root of reservations within the top BJP leadership about Modi becoming PM is his streak of autocracy. A leading news magazine recently did a story on how Modi has not expanded his cabinet for years and how he does not transfer his officers for years. Modi reportedly appreciated the 'negative' story as he felt that this only reinforces his image among the people as a no-nonsense CM.At a recent meeting with a group of influential Muslims from Ahmedabad and Mumbai, Modi is reported to have asked them which was the biggest massacre of Muslims in India. While the group set about thinking, he told them it was Nellie in Assam where the official death toll in 1983 was 2,100.He also asked them who was the chief minister at that time. The group could not come up with an answer. He then asked them if they knew what happened to the Nellie inquiry. With the group now accustomed to him giving answers to his own questions, they waited till he told them that no inquiry report was ever tabled and nobody was prosecuted. Nellie is probably going to be Modi's weapon to combat MINA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072200", "title": "Master Number 11 made Rajesh Khanna India's first superstar", "text": "From Jatin Khanna to Rajesh Khan, India's first superstar, 'a phenomenon', who enjoyed God like status, Rajesh Khanna lives on in the hearts of his fans as no other actor did.But why did India's first and only superstar suddenly disappear can only be answered best by his birth chart and numbers, in fact he revealed to me in 2003 when we met at Pune , that when his Saturn cycle commenced in 1974, it hit him quite bad, from which according to him he could never recover and he wanted to seriously understand why was it so.And now when he is no more, again it was his last patch of sade satti which was to get over in September 2012., which he had revealed to me would be his last. In fact, his journey to stardom was guaranteed when he changed his name from Jatin to Rajesh Khanna which brought in the kabala vibration of 36, which is symbolized as 'The Sceptre\" which guarantees great rewards and a good harvest from creative faculties. Born on 29 th (2+9)=11, a master number in numerology, his unreduced birth date 29.12.1942=29+12+1942=29+12+16=57, he also died on 18.7.2011=18+7+4=29 which is the same as his birth date! His Mars dasha between 1969 to 1976 ensured blockbusters.The numbers 2 and 7 followed him throughout his career and gave his some of best ever hits. Shooting to super fame with ARADHANA (adds to 20), under film producer Shakti Samanta, born on 19.1.1926, 19+1+18=38 =11 whose number vibrated with Rajesh khanna's master number 11, gave Rajesh Khanna his greatest hits in 1971, in his 29 th year (adds to 11), like Kati Patang, Haathi Mere Saathi , and Anand wheras the character Anand (adds to 16=7),he played as a cancer patient who kept his humour in the face of adversity ,immortalized him on screen and in real life too he died of cancer refusing to meet Amitabh Bachchan( Babumoshai in Anand) a lso a master number born on 11 th , in the hospital in his last days. Laxmikant , who with Pyarelal gave him all time musical hits, born on 3.11.1937, adds to 3+11+20=34=7 and Rahul Dev Burman (adds to 52=7). The songs which immortalized him like the first date song, Mere Sapno Ke Rani (52=7), courtship song ( O Mere Dil Ke chain =56=11), intense love ( Humein Tumse Pyaar Kitna =11), foreplay ( Roop Tera Mastaana =11). His record of 16 (=7), consecutive jubilee hits is still an unbroken record. He married Dimple Kapadia (kabala name adds to 43=7), at the height of his popularity in 1973(=20=2). What led to his downfall then? It was retro Shani in the 10 th house, which like in Napoleon's chart caused 'inflexibility' and his Leo Moon and Leo Ascendant which cause a royal lifestyle, but Rahu with Moon in the ascendant doomed him, liquor ensured his Shani would finish him. Rajiv Puri, known motivational trainer, who in fact has three hour sessions on Rajesh Khanna , his life and success, in his workshops sums it up nicely saying that his inter-personal relationship index and likeability index and inaccessibility sealed his fate, but he sums up saying, that despite all that, as in Rajesh Khanna's last Havell ad, 'nobody can take his fans away'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15067462", "title": "Congress plans Dabra like convention in Bhind, Mahidpur", "text": "BHOPAL: In an effort to activate its rank and file ahead of the next year's assembly polls, opposition Congress in Madhya Pradesh has decided to hold state-level political conventions in Bhind and Mahidpur assembly constituencies which were represented by Congress legislators who were expelled from membership of the state legislative assembly.It will be on the lines of the 'Dabra sammelan' - a convention organised by the Congress in early 1990s under the behest of Congress leader late Madhavrao Scindia during the BJP rule-where all Congress leaders kept their differences aloof and resolved to work for the party victory in the next elections, a senior Congress leader said.Congress legislature party (CLP), which met at the Congress office on Friday morning in the presence of AICC general secretary B K Hariprasad and MPCC chief Kantilal Bhuria , decided to hold such conventions in Bhind which was being represented by Choudhary Rakesh Singh and in Mahidpur in Ujjain district from where Dr Kalpana Parulekar was a legislator.Both Singh and Parulekar were expelled from the membership of the house for allegedly showing disrespect to the speaker during the monsoon session when Congress members were protesting over the government refusal to hold a debate on the circumstances arising out of the Income Tax raids on two powerful businessmen, considered close to the BJP bigwigs in the state.Congressmen in the state cherish the 'Dabra sammelan', a convention that had brought all the leaders in the faction ridden party on one forum from where they sounded the bugle to unitedly take on the BJP government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "colorado (us)", "code": "15069048", "title": "\u2018Denver gunman looked like he was in military\u2019", "text": "COLORADO (US): A gunman in a gas mask and bullet-proof vest killed 12 people at a midnight premiere of the new Batman movie in a suburb of Denver early on Friday. Some 55 others, including children, were hurt in the attack.\"When we got out of the theatre it was just chaos. There was this one who guy was on all fours crawling. There was this girl spitting up blood,\" witness Donovan Tate told a news channel. \"There were bullet holes in some people's backs, some people's arms. There was this one guy who was stripped down to just his boxers. It looked like he was shot in the back or something. It was crazy.\"US troops were among those killed or wounded, a Pentagon spokesman said.Dozens of police were at the scene, and the authorities evacuated the area while they checked for any explosive devices. They said there was no evidence of a second gunman.Police also searched Holmes's apartment building, after he told them that he had set up explosives there. Police and sheriff 's deputies swarmed the scene with heavy weaponry trucks from the bomb squad.\"He (the gunman) looked like he was in the military or like he was a SWAT person so he just kind of blended in with the chaos of the crowd. People thought he was probably like a cop or something,\" witness Jennifer Seeger said. \"He came in and threw in the gas can and then I knew it was real. He shot the ceiling and right after he shot the ceiling he pointed the gun right at me. At that point I dove into the aisle. And I got lucky because he didn't shoot me.\"The gunman was identified as 24-year-old James Holmes, who was studying neuroscience in a PhD program at the University of Colorado-Denver until dropping out last month, the university spokeswoman said.Police released a statement from Holmes' family: \"Our hearts go out to those who were involved in this tragedy and to the families and friends of the victims.\" A man who lives next door to the family said Holmes seemed to be shy. He said the mother told him Holmes couldn't find a job after earning a master's degree from a public university in California.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15066201", "title": "Man held for self immolation and murder bid", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A man was arrested after he tried to immolate himself and set his four children on fire at Pari Chowk in Greater Noida. Police said that the man, Pappu, took this drastic action blaming an MLA's son and nephew for kidnapping his daughter and wife.TOI has a copy of the victim's complaint that he had filed with the Gautam Budh Nagar district magistrate, SSP, Uttar Pradesh DGP, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , SC/ST Commission and IG Meerut to take action. In the complaint, the victim had threatened that if no action was taken to rescue his wife and daughter, he would kill himself and his children. Acting on his threat, Friday the man reached Pari Chowk with his four children on Friday and poured kerosene oil on the children and himself. The drama continued for hours leading to traffic jam on Noida-Greater Noida Expressway and Surajpur-Kasna road.The police, however, said that nobody from Pappu's family has been kidnapped. \"His wife is living with her daughter at her parent's house. Both are safe,\" said SP, Ashok Kumar . Pappu had complained that on June 7 his daughter was kidnapped from his residence in Greater Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15066778", "title": "Fine producers and politicians, court tells Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Friday directed the BBMP commissioner to file a counter affidavit within two weeks explaining the action taken against those who deface walls with posters and flexboards.\"If no counter affidavit is filed, the BBMP commissioner should be personally present in court at the next hearing,\" the division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed.BBMP counsel told the court that action is being initiated and sought one week's time to submit a complete report. The bench again asked BBMP why it wasn't taking action. \"You may be scared of political bigwigs. What about film posters? Why can't you take action and impose fines on producers of these films? Fine film producers and fine politicians,\" the bench observed before adjourning the hearing to August 10.The PIL is filed by city advocate BS Gnanaprakash who claimed that across the city, cutouts, banners, posters and flexboards are displayed without BBMP permission. He claimed it's done in contravention of Section 3 of The Karnataka Open Places (Prevention of Disfigurement) Act, 1981 and sought a direction for removal of all these items.The petitioner said as per the Act, offenders can be punished with imprisonment up to six months and a fine up to Rs 1,000.In a related development, the bench ordered notice to the state government and BBMP on another PIL filed by advocate Rajaram Sooryambail on the same issue. Counsel for the petitioner informed the court the police are not taking any action though they have the powers under the Police Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15065434", "title": "10-yr-old forced to sit at home as school-parents spar", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the academic session has started, a 10 year-old boy finds himself without a school due to an ugly fight between his parents and school management. Yash Bhagchandani appeared for his Std IV exam earlier this year but the school claims his performance was not up to the mark and suggested a re-exam in August.Yash's father, Pramod, has a long history with Mahatma Gandhi Centennial Sindhu English Primary School with both parties making allegations against each other and taking the fight right up to the high court. Bhagchandani alleges his son was being detained purposely by the management, just to seek revenge. \"Ever since I complained against illegal fee being charged and wild animals being kept illegally on school campus, the management has been after me. Though it is illegal to detain students, management has said that my son has not secured the minimum efficiency standard in two subjects,\" said Bhagchandani.The education department too has come down heavily on the school and sent a notice to admit Yash in Std V immediately. On July 17, primary education officer Someshwar Netam wrote a harsh letter to the school's principal reminding that detention of any student was now illegal. Netam wrote to the school reminding them that Right to Education ( RTE) Act guaranteed every child free and compulsory education till Std VIII and that for no reason shall the student be expelled or detained.The school however objects to use of word 'detained'. Deepak Bajaj, secretary of the society that manages the school, said, \"we have not failed or detained the student and I challenge anyone to produce any letter from us saying so. We have simply asked the child to appear for a re-exam since he scored grade E1 in English and Hindi subjects. In fact, a government GR date June 16, 2010, states that action will be taken against the school if students do not have minimum efficiency standard - we are merely following the law.\"Bajaj said Bhagchandani's allegations of harassment were not true since his younger child too was enrolled in the same school. \"There has never been a problem with him, which proves we are not targeting his children. Also the school in question is only till Std IV and every student gets a transfer certificate (TC) after which they are free to take admission anywhere,\" Bajaj replied. The school will be replying to the education office's letter soon, denying all allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15064932", "title": "Drive against female-foeticide causes stir", "text": "GONDIA: Most doctors from Gondia are unhappy with the alleged highhandedness of the district administration in taking up drive against female foeticide. The move could have backfired, but thanks to timely discussion among the warring parties, differences seem to have been ironed out.It may be recalled that Gondia district administration had taken a tough stance soon after the issue of female feticide was highlighted in Aamir Khan's reality show and detection of such cases in Marathwada.The administration sealed two sonography centres and declared plans to raid a few more premises of reputed doctors in the city, causing uproar. According to doctors, the officials aren't qualified enough to check medical equipment and their importance in saving lives.Similarly, chemists and druggists in the city made their displeasure clear against the alleged humiliation at the hands of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) officials. A delegation met the minister concerned and explained practical difficulties in implementation of the rules. President of Gondia District Chemists and Druggists Association, Anil Gambani told TOI that the sale of contraceptive pills is not even one per cent of their total turnover. \"So, instead of facing harassment from FDA officials, we could have easily stopped their sale, he said adding, but we decided against it keeping public interest in mind.\"However, the doctors started rejecting pregnancy termination cases of any nature. Instead, they asked the patients to approach government hospitals. This put the government hospitals under a lot of pressure. Finally, a meeting was held between the officials and the doctors last week to clear any misunderstanding.Explaining their position, regional technical officer of this committee, Dr AS Gambhir, member Dr Vinod Waghmare and civil surgeon of Gondia, Dr Ravi Dhakate told TOI that they had not issued any notices to doctors regarding raids on July 4. On objection of the doctors regarding inclusion of revenue officers in the squad, the officials said police help was taken for safety purpose while revenue officers were included to refute allegations that we were protecting doctors as they belonged to our fraternity. However, it was assured in the meeting that there would be no more humiliation of the doctors.Reacting to this chain of events, president of Federation of obstetric-Gynae Society, Gondia branch, Dr Nirmala Jaipuria said that they were equally worried about declining male and female child ratio but there cannot be straight and simple administrative solution to this problem. Giving examples of two cases, Jaipuria said, \"In one case the lady had conceived for the third time. Her first child had died while in second and third pregnancy, the foetus had sickle cell infection, so terminated. In this case the termination was quite legal, but she had to preserve all records. In another case, the mother wasn't aware when did she conceive after birth of her second child. Here, too, Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) was legal but subject to conditions. As the doctors are busy they are unable to preserve foetus for further investigation, so they advice the patients to approach government hospitals for which the latter are not keen.\"Jaipuria proposed to bring clarity and transparency in MTP rules and Pre Conception and Prenatal Detection Tests (PC-PNDT) so that gynecologists can decide about pregnancy termination without fear of government action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074464", "title": "Pakora recipe for a rainy day", "text": "As the raindrops keep falling, enjoy a plate of pakoras with a cup of teaOn a rainy day, pakoras with a cup of hot pudina chai comes as a perfect blessing. Interestingly, even high-end hotels are offering special menu of pakoras and tea in this rainy season. Pakoras are made with different vegetables, which are dipped in a besan (gram flour) batter and deep-fried. You can use almost any vegetable when making these pakoras. From cauliflower, eggplant, bell pepper, onion, potato, tomato to chillies, the choice is wide and varied. Paneer pakoras and egg pakoras can also tickle your taste bud. Of course, if you are calorie-conscious then pakoras are not for you. But how about giving calorie thoughts a miss once in a while?Ingredients: 1 cup besan (gram flour) 1 tablespoon of coriander powder 1 teaspoon of red chilli powder 2 chopped green chillies 2 tablespoons chopped hara dhania Chopped onions Very small pieces of potato Salt as per taste You can add little corn flour in the batter 3/4 cup of water (Use water as needed) Oil to fryMethod: - Mix all the dry ingredients together: besan, corn flour, coriander powder, and salt - Add the water slowly to make a smooth batter - Next, add the green chillies, potato, onions and dhania patta. Mix well. - Heat the oil in a frying pan on medium high heat (if the oil is too hot, pakoras will not be crispy) - Make small balls of batters and slowly put in the frying pan - Fry the pakoras in small batches and turn them occasionally. Wait till both sides are golden-brown. - Pakoras taste the best when they are served hot. You can serve pakoras with dhania-pudina chutney or tomato sauce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15067160", "title": "Norms being violated in tortoise sanctuary", "text": "VARANASI: Whether the tortoise sanctuary should exist or not in Ganga along the majestic ghats of Varanasi may be a topic of discussion but the fact is that the norms of Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act-1972 are being violated in this protected area.The tortoise sanctuary came into existence in Varanasi to check biological pollution in Ganga as a part of the Ganga Action Plan (GAP) launched in 1986.Tortoises are released in the Ganga by the Kashi Wildlife division's tortoise breeding centre situated at Sarnath to remove the bio-pollutants like partly cremated bodies directly thrown into the river.The sanctuary, spreading in a stretch of seven kilometres from Rajghat to Ramnagar Fort, was declared wildlife protected zone in 1989, under the provisions of the Wildlife Protection Act-1972, to protect the tortoises. Since then, the operation of motorized boats and sand mining are prohibited in the protected zone as tortoise lay eggs in the sand.According to records, so far about 35,000 tortoises were released into the Ganga.As per the wildlife Act, fishing and any attempt to temper with the habitat had been declared a cognizable offence in this stretch of the river. But the ground reality is that the entire sanctuary area witnesses all types of prohibited activities except the sand mining and tourist cruise operation. One can see activities like cattle washing, discharge of sewage and linen washing along the ghats. However, authorities of forest department claimed that all possible efforts are being made to protect the sanctuary. Divisional forest officer, Kashi Wildlife division, P P Verma, said that the department takes all steps to protect the sanctuary.Regarding restrictions on the entry in the sanctuary, the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act-1972 states that no person other than, a public servant on duty, a person who has been permitted by the chief wildlife warden or the authorised officer to reside within the limits of the sanctuary, a person who has any right over immovable property within the limits of the sanctuary, a person passing through the sanctuary along a public highway shall enter or reside in the sanctuary, except under and in accordance with the conditions of a permit granted under prescribed section.The Act further states that no person shall tease or poach any wild animal or litter the grounds or sanctuary.The chief wildlife warden may, on application, grant to any person a permit to enter or reside in a sanctuary for investigation or study of wildlife, photography, scientific research, tourism and transaction of lawful business with any person residing in the sanctuary. No person shall destroy, exploit or remove wildlife from a sanctuary or destroy or damage the habitat of any wild animal or deprive any wild animal or its habitat within such sanctuary, except under and in accordance with a permit granted by the chief wildlife warden.No person shall use chemicals, explosives or any other substances in the sanctuary, which may cause injury to or endanger wildlife in any sanctuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "music directors", "code": "15076203", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger: Music Review", "text": "Music Directors: Sohail Sen, Sajid-Wajid Lyricist: Kausar Munir-Neelesh Misra, Anvitta Dutta Singers: Wajid, Shreya Ghoshal, Sukhwinder Singh, Mohit Chuahan, Taraannum Malik Rating: ****Kabir Khan's directorial venture for YRF, Ek Tha Tige r starring Salman Khan and Katrina in the lead, is the most awaited film of 2012. The film is already creating frenzy and promises to be entertaining considering its got Salman Khan. Katrina adds the oomph factor. Kabir Khan has roped in Sohail Sen and Sajid Wajid to ensure the music becomes the face of the film, at least for starters!Technically the album has eight songs, three of which are remixes of the original. And Sajid-Wajid as guest composers seem to be Salman's favourite ( Dabangg -co composers, Veer , Wanted ) and they've created a popular track that will stay with Salman fans for long. They have ensured a hit with the opening track of the album, Mashallah sung by Wajid and Shreya Ghoshal. Shreya Ghoshal is the surprise factor here as she discards her sweet voice and replaces it with a sensual tone. Mashallah has a heavy middle eastern-Arabic influence. This song is exotic with Arabic words like habibi being injected throughout. The feel, sound and look of the song makes it catchy instantly! With Katrina's moves and Salman's typical dance style, this one is and will be the biggest hit of the album. The remix version for a change is equally good.Laapata is up next and a KK and Palak Muchhal's voice pitied against one another creates quite combustion! Sohail Sen takes on as music director from here and he continues the magic. This Latin inspired song gives the album that extra edge, making it more universal in its appeal. The remix version of Laapata is so good. It's got a techno feel and is much faster in pace. It's a sure on party number that should be dished out at nightclubs.Banjaara follows next and it's a welcoming change to hear Sukhwinder Singh's high pitch voice crooning to Neelesh Mishra's lyrics. He's magical with his voice making Banjaara a fast paced song that has an Irish influence to it. However, the remix version could have completely been skipped.How can an album be complete without Mohit Chauhan singing and his song Saiyaara comes up next o the album. This is comparatively a slower song but that's why listeners love Mohit Chauhan because the singer has such a melodious voice and he does full justice to slow paced songs! Saiyaara is very Indian in sound and Kausir Munir's lyrics are fabulous, making him a lyricist to reckon with.Tiger's Theme follows Saiyaara and is the next best after Mashallah . Composed by Julius Packiam, Tiger's Theme is more of a techno track that has only beats and a haunting sound which seems to heighten the mood of the film.Verdict: A good effort by Sohail Sen and Sajid-Wajid because the album is fresh and sounds new, where the music composers have made an attempt to incorporate world sounds. The music is so different from Kabir Khan's earlier films like Kabul Express and New York which makes the music of Ek Tha Tiger a welcome surprise!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15068726", "title": "'Potty training kids before they're 3 may be harmful'", "text": "LONDON: Potty training your kid before the age of three may be harmful for them!Parents, who pressure their children to potty train before the age of three may be hurting them, according to a paediatric urologist.Dr Steve Hodges, a professor at Wake Forest University in North Carolina, said that giving training too early can lead to more toilet accidents because the bladder may not be strong enough.It can also lead to constipation, kidney damage and even urinary tract infections because the toddlers hold in their bowel movements longer than they should, the 'Daily Mail' reported.\"Virtually all toileting problems, bedwetting, urinary frequency, and urinary tract infections are related to chronically holding pee or poop or both,\" Hodges wrote in Babble.com.It's the kids who trained earliest and most easily who develop the most serious problems, he said.Hodges, who authored the book, 'It's No Accident, Breakthrough Solutions to Your Child's Wetting, Constipation , UTIs, and Other Potty Problems' debunked myths that parents should struggle to get their children out of diapers and onto toilets at earlier ages, the report in the Babble.com said.Hodges said that babies need to experience 'uninhibited voiding', or elimination, in a way they can respond to their bodies urges in a sensible manner.\"Children under age three should not manage their own toileting habits any more than they should manage their college funds,\" the author of the book said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15066748", "title": "SGPGIMS augments its emergency ward services", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS) has increased the number of beds in emergency ward from 35 to 50. Two ventilators have also been added in the emergency services. Plans are on the anvil to add 10 more beds, taking the total number to 60.The institute has also started accepting payments through debit and credit cards. The facility will be available in every cash counter. After two-three months, the institute will start its online services, through which patients could get themselves registered for treatment and diagnostic tests. They can also deposit fee online and see their investigation report and diagnostic tests reports such as X-Ray.\"The increase in number of beds in the emergency ward will ease the burden up to some extent,\" said Prof RK Sharma, director, SGPGIMS. He added that as the Out Patient Department (OPD) is always chock-a-block with people, some of the patients who are in critical condition have to wait. Such patients will now be treated in stretchers kept in the emergency ward, he said.Dr Sharma also said that the institute's trauma centre having a capacity of 200 beds would start functioning within a year. The seven-storeyed trauma centre is almost ready and will provide all necessary treatment facilities to victims of accidents. While the new OPD building would be completed in another two years time, the new air-conditioning plant for the operating theatres and intensive care units are on the verge of completion.He added that SGPGIMS was facing shortage of hands. At present, there are around 700 nurses, while the requirement is almost double. \"To meet the gap, we have decided to outsource nursing services. We have given a proposal to government in this regard. We have also requested that nurses hired through outsourcing should be given minimum salary instead of minimum wages to attract dedicated and talented personnel,\" said Dr Sharma, who was addressing media persons on the eve of institute's 17th Convocation.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav would be the chief guest at the convocation ceremony in which degrees will be awarded to nine PhD, 17 DM, 18 MCH, 30 PDCC and nine MD candidates. This year, the Prof SR Naik Award for the outstanding research investigator is being jointly given to Professors KN Prasad and Amita Aggarwal. The best resident award (surgical), best resident award (medical), best staff nurse award and best technician will be awarded to Dr Sabaretnam M, Dr Gaurav Goyal, Noorani Srivastava and Aditya P Dixit respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15064463", "title": "Obscene calls on cellphones bother women in Steel City", "text": "BOKARO: Cellphone users in the Steel City are becoming victims of obscene calls and messages being sent relentlessly by strangers or someone they know little.Cases of eve-teasing are on the rise in the city. Police admit that the girls are being harassed more through cellphones than on the streets. It is not only school girls or working women but even elderly women are also getting the obscene calls.The anti-eve teasing helpline number (06542-220016) is of late flooded with complaints from girls and women. Officer in charge of the women police station Pusplata, who is heading the cell, said majority of the complaints were of obscene calls or messages made on cellphones to the women.The eve-teasers have disturbed the life of many women by making unwanted calls or sending such messages to them.Recently, a 58-year-old nurse had sought called up the helpline number as an anonymous caller was making frequent calls and talking obscene. Similarly, a woman doctor had gone into depression after receiving obscene messages on her mobile from an anonymous number. Those messages had created a rift with her husband.The anti-eve teasing cell which got functional in August 2011 has received 113 cases of eve-teasing made by women from different parts of the district. Of them, 62 cases are of obscene calls and 32 cases are related to sending of filthy messages. In many cases, the victims didn't disclose their identity but suitable action has been taken to bring them relief. \"We never press any victim to reveal her name if she does not want to do so, but we definitely acted on her complaint,\" said Pusplata.SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said the eve-teasing cases were being taken seriously by police. Maximum of the cases have been solved immediately after victims lodged complaints to the cell. \"There is very stringent legal action against the eve-teasers in our law,\" said Dwivedi.Pusplata said to identify the miscreants police took the print-outs from mobile service providers. \"They even provide the name of the miscreant if it is desired by the victim.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15067350", "title": "3 boys drown into pond", "text": "KANPUR: Three boys between 9 and 11 years drowned in a pond near Sabzi Mandi railway crossing. The incident took place under the jurisdiction of Chakeri police on Thursday.Asif (9), son of Ibrahim of Girjanagar in Chakeri, Nihal Waris (11), son of Hashim and Imran, son of Karambaksh, both residents of Gadiyana locality were missing were missing since Thursday.When they did not return home till late at night, the parents lodged a complaint with the Chakeri police. A hunt was launched. On Friday morning, the residents saw three bodies floating in the pond. They informed the Chakeri.Preliminary investigations revealed that some elements involved in mining activities had dug the deep pond to sell mud to locals and builders. There was no fencing. A few residents told the police that they had spotted the children going towards the pond at around 4 pm on Thursday.The bodies were shifted to mortuary for postmortem examination.On Thursday evening, the boys were playing near their residence and their parents have gone for work. Asif's father is a cloth vendor while Nihal's father owns an optical shop and Imran's father is a daily wager. \"In the absence of their parents, the children went to swim in the pond near the locality. They drowned while bathing,\" Chakeri police said.Shock and agony prevailed in Girjanagar and adjoining Gadiyana locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15068674", "title": "Deliver or be booted out", "text": "There's a general feeling the BJP is now a house divided and even in BJP circles, it's no longer a secret the party may be routed in the next elections. If Jagadish Shettar doesn't deliver , the people will boot BJP out. Here are five things he and his party can do.1. Stability and good governanceAfter SM Krishna's stable tenure, Karnataka's curse has been instability, which sunk to shameful horse-trading after BJP took the reins. Shockingly , factions within the BJP high command encouraged dissidence against BS Yeddyurappa and now the high command has done the unthinkable -- it has sown communal seeds by pitching Lingayats against Gowdas. Political stability is the bedrock of governance. The bane of all ruling parties has been the absence of good governance, also the panacea for all ills -- appalling poverty, malnutrition, broken healthcare, and illiteracy. Today , the best of us are not free from greed for power and pelf, not just politicians, but also corporate chieftains, small businessmen , bureaucrats and judges. Shettar must gain credibility for himself and his party by showing his sincerity to offer good governance. He must swiftly appoint a Lokayukta.2. Bijli &amp; SadakHe must lay a firm foundation for generating commercial power to lift Karnataka out of darkness. The government doesn't need money to build power plants, but a robust policy framework. Remember, Visvesvaraya built India's first power plant at Shimsha. It's said 'Amerca did not build roads. Roads built America' . Roads are the road to equitable economic growth and prosperity. People with missionary zeal like E Sridharan must be found and empowered to head construction of state highways and rural roads.3. Investor friendlinessThe ruling party has not learnt anything from their own shining star Narendra Modi. Our global investors meets have been shams without matching intent in execution. Karnataka has immense advantage over Gujarat, with great climate, trained manpower and institutions. Shettar should speed up long-term investments especially in manufacturing, which generates huge employment.4. TourismKarnataka is blessed with pristine beaches, breathtaking mountains, glorious heritage of temples, palaces, and forts and magnificent wildlife. It can be the greatest tourist attraction in the world and tourism can generate enormous employment . The government needs vision and commitment to enable the private sector to make the necessary investments.5. Global cityBangalore is now a global city. Lot more people and investors will pour into it. And its infrastructure is crumbling , getting uglier by the day. We'll kill the golden goose , since 70% of Karnataka's revenue comes from Bangalore. Shettar must immediately take charge and get the best city planners in the world and set up a task force, bring in legislation to administer Bangalore on the lines of New York and London, with autonomy. Greatness appeals to the future. If Shettar and his party can rise above the pitfalls of petty politics, he can leave a lasting legacy. It'll be an unforgivable tragedy if he doesn't rise to the occasion.The author pioneered low-cost air travel in India when he founded the erstwhile Air Deccan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073903", "title": "Meet Sandalwood's iron ladies!", "text": "Three of Sandalwood's favourite actresses are now into politics. While Ramya, Rakshitha and Pooja Gandhi are all equally vociferous about need for change to better the society, each one of them has taken a different approach to politics.Ramya She was always tipped to join the Congress. With rumours afloat that she would join the party since the past three years, she finally did join the Youth Congress last year. She won the Booth Level elections contesting for the ward where she resides. The actress, who has been previously offered a ticket to contest in the assembly elections, has always said, \"I want to begin slowly, understanding the nature. I believe that one should be the change that you want to see.\" The actress has since conducted awareness drives and has interacted with the people around to help their hassles, be it by fixing potholes on roads or fighting for stray canines.Rakshitha The former celluloid diva quit acting for starting her family. While there were talks of Rakshitha joining politics all the while, with offers from BJP, she entered the arena early this year joining B Sriramulu's BSR Congress party. The actress has since then been part of many hunger strikes and road rallies to fight for the rights of the downtrodden, especially in the neglected areas of north Karnataka. Rakshitha believes, \"We need to work from the grass root level. Agriculture still forms the basis of our nation's sustenance and we need to begin by ensuring our farmers are living right.\"Pooja Gandhi The actress from north, who made Karnataka her home, has been involved in a lot of proactive rehab work since the past two years. She began with conducting HIV-awareness drives amongst women and youngsters especially, going to interiors of Karnataka to spread the message. Later, she formed a rehabilitation centre where she helped over 100 sex workers find jobs through training them. The actress joined the JD (S) this January. \"I want to keep alive this activism and help people,\" says the actress, who has apparently hinted towards contesting elections if given a choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15067690", "title": "CM offers land for three more schools in Nalanda University", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Friday offered to give \"more land\" to the upcoming Nalanda University (NU), if NU chancellor and Nobel laureate Amartya Sen agreed to open three more school of learning -- concerning economics, basic science, and conflict resolution for peace in the world - at the new university that would have global reach and prominent presence in Asia.\"If you need more land for the purpose, we will provide it,\" Nitish said, adding since the inception of NU, things have begun to move along a path of certainty, as the Centre has begun to take active interest after a phase of initial uncertain steps and has now decided to turn it into a vibrant reality, and in fact, has also taken concrete steps in this regard.He was speaking at the inaugural function of the three-day international seminar on \"Civilizational Dialogue between India and ASEAN\" organized by Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR). The CM informed the governing body members of NU and others present at the seminar that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had constituted Nalanda Monitoring Committee (NMC) at the Planning Commission, while the Centre, on his suggestion, had put NU under ministry of foreign affairs (MFA).\"I, as special invitee member of NMC, told them on June 26 that given its vision, nature and reach of NU, tackling its affairs would simply be impossible for the Union human resources development (HRD) department. I, therefore, advised them to keep it with MFA to which they agreed,\" CM Nitish said, adding NU has seven schools, but he felt that three more schools for learning and research could also be added.Incidentally, Sen, in his deliberation before giving his keynote address having bearing on the theme of the international seminar, agreed with the CM, saying he has merged \"economics\" with the school of management, and his two other suggestions would be attended to in course, as seven schools has already been introduced.Responding to the demand of ICCR president Dr Karan Singh that a separate school on religion and language be also introduced at NU, Sen said it, in fact, is already there as school of studies in comparative religion and language. He pointed out four Indian languages, including Assamese, Bengali and Nepali, had abandoned gender denomination in their verb forms in 12th century AD. Sen, however, refused to digest the theme of Singh that ancient India-ASEAN cultural relations had occurred without violence and colonisation, since Chola dynasty kings established relations with the ASEAN countries by dint of their navy and army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15065037", "title": "Inter student killed in road accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: A young couple's joyride ended in tragedy with the girl dying in a road accident when a lorry hit their two-wheeler in Narsingi on Friday. The boy's condition is critical.At around 10.20am, Mohammed Mansoor and Hasna Begum were on their way to Gandipet on a motorcycle when a lorry (AP28 TV 1088) hit their vehicle. Hasna Begum, 18, an Inter second year student of Laxmibai Women's College in Santoshnagar, died on the spot due to head injuries.Mansoor, who is unemployed, is undergoing treatment at a private hospital. His condition is said to be critical. The lorry driver fled from the scene soon after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "manesar", "code": "15073919", "title": "Maruti's Manesar plant closed for third day, Rs 210cr loss so far", "text": "MANESAR: Maruti Suzuki India's Manesar plant remained closed for the third day on Saturday after the violence on Wednesday in which one senior company official was killed, while police said most of the workers who instigated the incident have been identified.\"The plant will remain closed today,\" a company spokesperson said. The production loss has so far mounted to about Rs 210 crore. The plant rolls out about 1,600 units per day. In terms of value, the per day loss is about Rs 70 crore.Meanwhile, the police said it has identified most of the workers who instigated the violence. \"No further arrests have been made so far but we have identified majority of the workers who instigated other workers and committed the crime,\" DCP Gurgaon Maheshwar Dayal told PTI.He said most of them are union leaders and executive members of the workers union who were having negotiations with management officials prior to the incident. Already 91 employees, who were arrested, have been remanded to 14 days judicial custody on Thursday by a local magistrate.Yesterday, the company management had said it would not compromise on violence and was considering lockout of the plant as one of the options for now.\"Suzuki Motor Corp has asked us not to compromise on violence...we are cooperating with the police and district administration in the investigations... if this is found to be planned and orchestrated from outside, I can't accept this,\" Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) Managing Director Shinzo Nakanishi had said.However, MSI Chief Operating Officer (Administration) S Y Siddiqui said while in the long term the company was committed to the smooth operations of the plant at Manesar, \"in the short term we are considering various options, including a lockout\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15068438", "title": "Man teases lady cop, held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A woman constable of Chandigarh police was subjected to objectionable remarks on duty near Aroma Hotel in Sector 22, on Thursday night.The cop was appointed at the PCR gypsy outside the hotel when Harpreet Singh of Bathinda started passing objectionable remarks at her. Singh was held and his vehicle was also impounded.A case was registered at police station in Sector 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "15067935", "title": "Malnourished children continue to get a raw deal", "text": "Shimoga: Following a Supreme Court directive to identify malnourished children outside the ambit of anganwadis, the women and child welfare department did a quick survey in the first week of July and identified a few children.Ironically, there is no special plan or benefits in place to tackle malnourishment in these children. Children in anganwadis get a better deal. Malnourished children in anganwadis get four boiled eggs and 200 ml milk twice a week along with special supplements worth Rs 750 per month.But the same is not provided to children identified freshly and who do not come under the control of anganwadis.The department provides the family of these kids with five kg wheat.Parents with children who need extra supplements have not taken kindly to the discrimination. Villagers in Shimoga, Theerthahlli, Hosangar and Sorab taluks have been questioning as to how five kg of wheat will tackle malnutrition.Officials say that in the absence of clear cut guidelines and non-availability of funds they are unable to provide the same kit to children. As an incentive they say they will provide extra wheat to the families.Parvathamma's two-year-old son is severely malnourished. She was asked by the anganwadi worker to bring her ration card for her five kg of wheat. The labourer is in a fix. Says Parvathamma: \"we use only ragi and jowar to prepare rotis and muddes. Of what use is wheat for us.\"She has urged the authorities to provide rice instead of wheat. Dr Ashok Kumar, paediatrician-cum-social worker, says that the survey is unscientific.\"Malnutrition cannot be tackled by providing a bag of corn. It needs special care and attention failing which such children will end up as a burden to their family,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065086", "title": "NCP raises ante as PM, Sonia try to pacify Pawar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday reached out to soothe an agitated Sharad Pawar , but failed to get the Union agriculture minister and NCP boss to drop his plan to pull out of the central government.Rather, Pawar broadened what had seemed a protest against \"unfair seating arrangement\" into an outcry against Congress monopolizing the spoils of power, causing the latter to agree to consider its demands ranging from the post of deputy chairperson of Rajya Sabha for Tariq Anwar to a share in appointments of governors and other similar largesse to the setting up of a mechanism for regular consultation among UPA partners.Although NCP has asserted that it will remain an integral part of UPA, it is keeping up the pressure on Congress by calling a meeting on Monday to discuss options.While the length to which Congress will go to appease its sulking partner was not clear, NCP's tactic appears to have rattled the lead UPA player. The prime minister on Thursday night tried to persuade Pawar to drop his plan to withdraw from the government by expressing the fear that NCP's disassociation from the government would hurt its credibility domestically as well as abroad. According to NCP sources, Singh spoke about the repercussions for political stability, while emphasizing that he needed experienced people around at the time of economic slowdown.Congress chief Sonia Gandhi also requested Pawar not to leave the government when she met him on Friday morning. \"We need to work together,\" NCP sources quoted Sonia as telling their boss.Singh had sought the meeting after receiving a letter on Thursday morning from Pawar saying that with elections scheduled in two years, he needed to focus on strengthening the organization. The invocation of the \"need to build up our party for future\" was read as a plan to quit the government, especially against the backdrop of the absence of Pawar and his colleague Praful Patel from the UPA meeting on Saturday.The message was amplified when Pawar and Patel disregarded the PM's request to attend the meeting of the Union Cabinet on Thursday.The PM, who played a key role in persuading Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee to support Pranab Mukherjee for president, has reasons to worry about Pawar's protest posture. The NCP boss shares the PM's focus on growth and has been a source of assurance in meetings of the Cabinet. Little surprise that he waited for Pawar and Patel for 15 minutes on Thursday before taking up the items on the Cabinet's agenda.Congress tried to play down the tension. \"Sharad Pawar is a senior and respected leader,\" party general secretary Janardan Dwivedi said, adding that Congress would find a solution to all the problems.Pawar's colleague and Union minister Praful Patel had earlier confirmed that NCP was indeed unhappy. He also said Pawar had raised the issue with both the PM and Sonia.Patel denied that Pawar had quit. However, the formulation that he used was focused on form rather than substance, and did not rule out the possibility of the Maratha leader having expressed his desire to quit the government. \"Till such time we have not formally resigned ... there is no question, the issue is not about resignation... till it is not accepted... we have sent a communication,\" he said.He did not disclose the party's specific grievances. \"Our issues are: functioning of the government, functioning of UPA and functioning of the larger coalition,\" he said .In fact, NCP MP D P Tripathi confirmed that in his letter to the PM, Pawar did convey his desire to focus on the organization.Patel also said that the issue of where Pawar gets to sit in Cabinet meetings, widely seen as the trigger for the eruption of NCP's pent-up feeling of neglect, had been \"blown out of proportion\". The Union minister for heavy industries said, \"This is not about number 2 position in government. Despite not having numbers, Mr Pawar sits next to Mrs Sonia Gandhi in Parliament.\"While he did not elaborate on the reasons of Pawar's unhappiness, he spoke bitterly about what they called Congress's unfair treatment of its allies.\"This is a Congress government. Allies are just props; garnishing on the Congress cake. We don't feel that we belong here,\" a senior NCP leader said.Another party functionary was equally critical of Congress. \"Congress never bothered to consult allies on appointment of governors or nominations to Rajya Sabha. There is no coordination committee or any other mechanism for consultation. This is clear violation of coalition dharma,\" he said.It is also learnt that the differences between the two partners back home in Maharashtra are also at play, and may have fused with the dissatisfaction at the Centre to make up the cocktail of resentment that has now bubbled over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15067343", "title": "Nazeer made calls to UK from jail: Cops", "text": "KOCHI: International calls were made from SIM cards allegedly supplied to suspected Lashkar-e-Taiba activist Thadiyantavide Nazeer while he was lodged at Ernakulam sub jail. The calls were allegedly made for anti-national activities, the police have submitted before the Kerala high court.Upon verification of call details from the two SIM cards smuggled into the jail, the police have learned that calls were made to UAE, UK, Kazakhstan, Tamil Nadu and UP, while the cards were active under the cellphone tower covering the sub-jail.According to the police, the cards were acquired by Deepa Cherian alias Shahina from a shop at Palarivattom without providing any identification documents and handed over to her lover Noushad when she visited him at the jail.Noushad was lodged in the sub jail on charges of drug trafficking during the period when Nazeer and his 16-member gang were kept there in connection with the Bengaluru bomb blasts case.The police have also submitted that further investigation was needed to ascertain whether Deepa and Noushad had also engaged in any anti-national activities during their stay in West Bengal, including border regions such as Murshidabad.The details about international calls were furnished to the high court by the police in a petition seeking extension of Deepa's custody. Considering the petition, Justice N K Balakrishnan granted five more days of custody to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15066348", "title": "China lukewarm to Clinton's trilateral proposal", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than a year after US secretary of state Hillary Clinton proposed a US trilateral dialogue mechanism with India and China, Beijing is yet to show any interest. Government sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said they were still awaiting any formal response from the Chinese.With the US shifting its focus or the strategic 'pivot' towards Asia-Pacific, Clinton had proposed during the US-India strategic dialogue last year that the three countries enter into an exclusive talks mechanism. Even though New Delhi was not quite enthused about the idea, it decided to play along.\"Any question on why there has not been any progress must be addressed to the Chinese,\" said an Indian official. He admitted that there was hardly any mention of the proposal during the US-India strategic dialogue last month in the absence of any official Chinese response.In fact, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai, while addressing a gathering in the US in February, had welcomed Clinton's proposal saying that there are a number of global and regional challenges on which India, China and the United States must work together.China has been having trilateral dialogue with the US and Japan since 2009. India, too, later entered into a trilateral dialogue arrangement with the US and Japan, and the first such meeting took place in last December. China was thought to have reservations about this exercise, but Indian officials later said that Beijing had not raised any concern and that the trilateral with US and Japan was only aimed at leveraging opportunities for cooperation among the three countries.When asked about the proposal in April, 2012, Chinese assistant foreign minister Le Yucheng had said that Beijing was \"open and positive\" to such ideas because it believed in dialogue and not confrontation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15067465", "title": "Youth Congress protest turns violent in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: A large part of this city resembled a battlefield as Youth Congress indiscipline took-over the streets of the Madhya Pradesh capital on Friday afternoon when a rally organised to protest against the expulsion of two party MLAs from the state assembly turned violent.Disregarding appeals of senior party leaders, including AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh, the Youth Congress workers clashed with the police breaking down barricades, pelting stones and brick bats, ransacking, smashing government department vehicles and attacking a large contingent of uniformed men from the narrow alleys of old Bhopal city.Police resorted to random cane-charge and fired tear-gas to disperse the unruly crowd as party leaders left the spot soon after violence broke out. Former chief minister and senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh tried to bring the situation under control even telling the state PCC president Kantilal Bhuria to expel party workers who broke the rules. But no one was listening. Addressing the rally, Digvijay Singh made three appeals. He asked the party's youth wing not to mutilate the Congress flags by printing names of factional leaders on them.An irate Digvijay Singh said, \"No Congress flag should bear the name of party leaders and factional heads. The party flag has to be respected and not utilised for the benefit of certain persons. Second, there should be no violence. We will protest in a democratic and non-violent manner. I do not want to be part of any violent means of protest. And third, only those persons invited to come to dais to give a speech will do so.'' A furious Singh ordered party workers to lower the sticks they were carrying.The state Youth Congress had declared a 'Vidhan Sabha Gherao' (siege state assembly) to protest against the termination of membership of party Congress MLAs Rakesh Singh Chaturvedi and Kalpana Parulekar from the state assembly after acrimonious scenes in the House on Wednesday. But as Friday's protest rally turned into a violent mayhem, the issue of Chaturvedi and Kalpana Parulekar was lost. Despite the repeated attempts by senior leaders to tame the unruly mob, the Youth Congress seemed determined not to follow orders.Administration permitted the congregation of the rally at the Neelam Park area in old Bhopal city. There were several layers of security barricades to deter the mob from spreading into the other parts of the city. But even while the senior party leaders B K Hariprasad, Suresh Pachauri and Digvijay Singh were addressing the rally, a large section of the mob started breaking down barricades and forcing their way with the intention of marching towards the Chief Minister's official residence. The police tried to resist but within a fraction of a second all hell broke loose with flying brickbats, smoking teargas shells, police batons and smashing of vehicles.State Youth Congress president Priyavrat Singh argued it was a conspiracy hatched by the ruling BJP. This has been a successful protest but people dressed in black shirts purposely incited our party workers and the violence broke out. The black-shirt group was sent by the BJP and they started misbehaving with our workers. When our workers resisted, the police targeted us. This agitation will not end here. We will take the issue all across the state with similar rallies everywhere,'' Priyavrat Singh said.The Congress claimed that a party worker from Vidisha district, identified as a Rakesh, was critically injured in the violence. The state Congress president said more than a hundred party workers were injured in police action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15067851", "title": "Acid victims pleads for justice at Janata Darshanbli", "text": "Belgaum: A 33-year-old woman has sustained severe burns in an acid attack in Yamakanmardi police station limits. The incident came to light at the weekly Janata Darshan held by SP Sandeep Patil at his office here on Thursday. Ujwala Jinappa of Hosur village of Hukkeri taluk who is a social worker in her village is the victim. In the wee hours of July 17, around 3am, some miscreants threw stones on Ujwala's house. When she opened the door investigate, an unidentified man splashed acid on her face and fled. She was rushed to a local hospital for treatment. Ujwala says that has been getting abusive calls for the past one year. Last Nagarapanchami she got a similar call and the caller threatened to throw acid on her face. On November 24, 2011, she filed a complaint at Yamakanmardi police station. The police failed to take any serious action and Ujwala had to face the consequences on July 17. \"I want justice. The guilty should be arrested at the earliest,\" she pleaded. Ujwala has son studying in Class X. \"My mother's culprits must be nabbed and she must get justice,\" appealed the shattered boy to the SP. SP Patil said the case will get priority. \"A few months ago a similar case was registered in Shapur police limits, and we were successful in arresting the culprit. We are confident that the guilty will be nabbed in a couple of days\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "perambalur", "code": "15066116", "title": "CB-CID told to probe rape case involving MLA", "text": "PERAMBALUR: The case in which a minor girl was raped and murdered recently, has been transferred to the CB-CID police, on Friday. The move comes a day after the four accused, including former DMK MLA from Perambalur, underwent a semen test.Confirming this to TOI, CB-CID, South Zone - SCB S Rajeswari told TOI, \"Taking into consideration the sensitivity of the issue, the director general of police K Ramanujam transferred the case to CB-CID. Inspector C Umapathy has been deputed as the investigating officer for this case from Friday. So, we will start the investigation.\"The case gained notoriety as M Rajkumar, a former DMK MLA from Perambalur and three of his accomplices Jaisankar, Mahendran and Anbarasan were arrested on July 13 in Perambalur on charges of raping and murdering a 15-year-old girl from Peer Medu of Idukki district in Kerala. She was working as a housemaid at Rajkumar's residence from June 23 , 2012 and died on July 6 under mysterious circumstances at the Theni government hospital. The postmortem was also conducted there.As her parents raised suspicions over her death, the postmortem was once again conducted at the Government Hospital in Kottayam, Kerala. On Thursday, the arrested persons underwent semen test at KAP Viswanathan government medical college in Trichy in line with a court direction.When contacted Perambalur town police inspector J Safruddin who was dealing with the case said, \"We have submitted the reports to our district headquarters on Friday evening. However, we also have conducted some inquiries in this case so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15064940", "title": "Tourists beware! No smoking in public", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday informed the assembly that the government would initiate action against tourists smoking in public places.Replying to a private member resolution , Parrikar said that during his previous tenure, his government had enacted an anti-smoking law, which had helped reduce public smoking in Goa, which he claimed was the lowest in the Asian sub continent.He said, \"Now, you cannot find a Goan smoking on the road and in public places except tourists and for that we are in the process to take action against tourists if found smoking in public places.\"Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, in a private member resolution, said that the government should ban the use of plastic bags all over the state and encourage the usage of jute or biodegradable plastic bags for which a subsidy should be provided by the government.\"Banning of plastic is a central subject and the government should examine it,\" said Lourenco. \"I will not use the word 'ban', but we can say (plastic bags) below 100 microns, which will stop the sale of plastic bags. This will solve our problem,\" said Parrikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15065318", "title": "Decks clear for 'parivartan' regime to rule South Goa zilla panchayat", "text": "MARGAO: With the resignation of the chairperson of South Goa zilla panchayat, Maria Rebello, on Wednesday, decks are now cleared for the 'parivartan' regime to take the reins of power in the second tier panchayati raj institution.Though there is no clear front runner for the top post to succeed Rebello, sources informed that Colva ZP member and former chairperson, Nelly Rodrigues, and Sancoale ZP member Aparna Naik, are among those whose names are making the rounds as potential candidates.While Rodrigues is a senior-most member of the zilla panchayat, having been elected for three consecutive terms, Naik is relatively a greenhorn in grassroot politics. Rodrigues was also in the race along with Rebello to head the South Goa zilla panchayat body following the March 2010 ZP elections.However, Rebello, who then enjoyed the backing of the then PWD minister Churchill Alemao , was elected unopposed, after Rodrigues, who was backed by Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, withdrew. Rodrigues had joined the Pacheco-camp just ahead of the ZP polls. She later went on to contest the March 2012 assembly polls from Cortalim assembly constituency on Pacheco's Goa Vikas Party (GVP) against the BJP candidate the late Matanhy Saldanha and lost.Speaking to TOI, Rodrigues confirmed that on Pacheco's insistence she is willing to enter the fray for the ZP chairperson's post this time. \"Besides, I enjoy the support of most of the ZP members. I don't see any problem for me in assuming the post of the chairperson,\" Rodrigues said.Asked whether she enjoyed the support of the BJP-camp, Rodrigues shot back saying, \"I have no problem with the BJP. After all, our party, the GVP, is supporting the state BJP government.\"Curtorim ZP member Domnick Gaonkar, who had taken the lead to galvanise members to move the no-confidence motion against Rebello, is also affiliated to the BJP-camp. Besides the Rebello-ouster moves were also supported by BJP MLA Subhash Phaldesai.However, sources said, though Rebello has a two-week time to withdraw her resignation, behind-the-scenes activities are gaining momentum for the 'parivartan' to take shape. Krishna Velip, Saptika Gaonkar, Domnick Gaonkar, Wilfred D'Sa, Aparna Naik, Rashmi Lambor, Daya Pagi, Navnath Naik, Pradeep Dessai, Sabrina Dias, Nelly Rodrigues and Edwin Cardozo were those who signed the no-confidence motion against Rebello.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065860", "title": "Derecognise colleges violating science admission norm: HC", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra state board for secondary and higher secondary education has cautioned junior colleges against granting admissions to standard XI science stream to those students, who have cleared their standard X with less than 40% marks in science subject.The Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court in a recent order had specified that junior colleges violating this norm will be liable for derecognition by the state government.A standard XII student from Nagpur had filed a writ petition in the Bombay high court challenging the state education board's move to reject her form for the higher secondary certificate (HSC, Std XII) March 2012 examination on the grounds that she had scored less than 40% marks in science subject in Std X.Responding to the petition, the high court passed an order stating that the recognition of the junior college, which admits a student to standard XI science stream despite the student having scored less than 40% marks in science subject in standard X, shall be removed. The court also directed the state board to get this norm published across the state.In a release issued on Friday, the state board has pointed out that the norm already exists in the board's rules and regulation No 79 (16) related to secondary and higher secondary certificate exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066423", "title": "Chemical supplier from Pune held in Versova deaths", "text": "MUMBAI: The Versova police on Friday arrested a Pune-based chemical supplier in connection with the deaths of siblings Rehab and Rameez Chougle after allegedly inhaling poisonous fumes after fumigation of their house. Cops said the supplier, P Paraikh, sold the chemicals used to a Borivli shop owner without verifying if the latter had a licence. Paraikh was produced before a court and was remanded in judicial custody.The Versova police had earlier arrested the shop owner and pest control contractor Rukhsar Almelkar and booked them under the culpable homicide not amounting to murder charge.Almelkar had purchased Aluminium phoshpide powder from the Borivli shop owner and used it to fumigate the siblings' house.Rameez and Rehab both died a few hours from each other recently, allegedly due to pesticide poisoning. Rehab was treated at Criticare and Kokilaben Ambani hospitals. After her death, cops ordered a postmortem at Cooper Hospital to ascertain the cause of death. The postmortem reported confirmed the cause of death as pesticide poisoning.The Versova police, along with the central government's insecticides department, had recently raided the Borivli shop that sold Aluminium phosphide powder to Almelkar. They arrested the shop owner as well as he had no licence to sell the chemical.The police said that usage of the powder is restricted to godowns that store foodgrain and that the shop owner was not supposed to sell it for household use. The police are enquiring the shop owner's role in the case. The police had collected greyish powder from the deceased house for an examination after the incident and they are suspecting that it could be Aluminium phosphide powder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065436", "title": "Car crash kills youth in west Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A youth was killed and four of his friends were injured in an accident at Rajouri Garden in west Delhi early on Friday. Karan Singh (20), the son of a businessman, was returning from a birthday party in south Delhi with his friends. He lost control of his car, which hit a divider and overturned before ramming a truck.While Karan, who lives in Tagore Garden, died, his friends are critical. The victims were descending the Rajouri Garden flyover when the accident took place. The hit the central verge, overturned and skidded a few metres. It then collided with a truck coming from the opposite direction, police said. A passerby informed cops, who took the victims to Deen Dayal Hospital. While Karan was declared dead, his friends were admitted. The victim's body was handed over to his family after the postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15063721", "title": "IIM-Calcutta graduates to get tips from Mumbai dabbawalas", "text": "KOLKATA: The future managers of MNCs will get tips from Mumbai dabbawalas on July 24. Pawan Giridharilal Agrawal, the management guru specialising in logistics and supply chain management of dabbawalas, will help students of the Indian Institute of Management-Calcutta (IIM-C) to hone their managerial skills.and graduates of It's time for graduates ofthe Indian Institute of Management - Calcutta (IIM-C) will get to hone their time management skills from Mumbai dabbawalas. The budding managers will have a date with Pawan Giridharilal Agrawal - the management guru, specialising on the logistics and supply chain management of the dabbawalas.\"The young managers can learn a lot from the modus operandi of the Mumbai dabbawalas. I shall speak about supply chain and logistics in which I have specialised,\" Agrawal said on Friday from Mumbai. \"It is amazing to observe how the dabbawalas work, in spite of them being not qualified. The commitment drives them to deliver on time.If the management graduates are more qualified, they should perform even better,\" he added. The dabbawalas work in adverse situations, carrying their tiffin boxes on their heads inside crowded local trains. They never fail to meet the orders. The managers in multinational companies are offered better facilities and good amenities. They should, therefore, be able to generate better business.\"Agrawal said, \"I would want to offer them tips on methods to meet deadlines and deliver better. They are the best brains in the country and there is no reason for them to not manage time, meet deadlines and churn out better and a quality job. Customer satisfaction is the moto for students in marketing.\"Some of the finer nuances like dedication, commitment, passion and execution - driving forces for better performance - will be taught in the two-hour session to the budding IIM-C grads. \"Some principles like customer is god, work is worship, no alternative to hard work, few human values and methods to deliver the best within constraints will be suggested to the students,\" Agrawal added he is ready to speak to the IIM-C students next week after delivering lectures to a number of eminent B-school students earlier.Agrawal runs Mumbai Dabbawala Education Center which teaches the children of dabbawalas without any fee.\"He will speak on issues like six sigma achievers, small people great work, making a difference, Mumbai Dabbawala the great and unique working system,\" said a senior IIM-C faculty member. who has been instrumental in roping in Agrawal for the Institute Lecture series.He added, \"Incidentally Mumbai's 5000 or so Dabbawalas, have been in action over 125 years without a single strike to deliver erroneously nearly 200,000 lunches to work on time everyday, have become a global business school example to follow. The Dabbawalas have a Six Sigma quality certificate and a global business fan club that includes Prince Charles and Richard Branson .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15065465", "title": "NMC's fresh initiative to ban plaster of paris idols", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had banned the idols of deities prepared with plaster of paris (POP) two years ago but failed to implement it. This time, it has held a meeting of all sarvajanik Ganesh mandals and idol makers two months before Ganeshotsav to make them aware of the ban and the impact POP idols have on the environment.The NMC held the meeting, probably a first, at Deshpande hall on Friday. Usually, mandals are called by the police department and district peace committee. Mayor Anil Sole took the initiative to ensure ban on PoP idols and to seek their help in tree plantation drive. Sole told the mandals that neither the administration nor the office bearers could ensure ban on POP idols without support of public. \"NMC had announced the ban on POP idols during Ganeshotsav and Durgotsav but it was ineffectual due to lack of public participation. This time Ganeshotsav will commence from September 19. We are having two months time to prepare a proper plan. The mandals should not purchase POP idols and help support conservation of environment,\" he said.Talking about the disadvantages of POP, Sole said it was non-biodegradable and polluted the soil and water. \"POP idols settle at the bottom of the water bodies and damage the natural springs,\" he addedAfter the meeting, Sole told TOI that a meeting was also held with the idol makers who were urged not to prepare these idols and also not to mix POP in clay idols. Social activist Girish Gandhi also appealed to the representatives of the mandals to take pledge to avoid POP idols. \"Corporators should also change their mindset and ensure installation of just one idol in each ward to prevent various kinds of loss,\" he said.Commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay said the police department was going to take strict action against the loudspeakers that play after 10 pm and any pandals that block roads. \"Supreme Court has ordered restriction on loud sound after 10 pm. High Court has directed to ensure roads were kept free. It will be contempt of court if these practices continued. Police department including himself, civic chief and mayor will be liable for contempt action,\" he said. He also asked representatives to ensure liquor was not consumed during the festival rituals especially in installation and immersion processions.About NMC's \"green city dream city\" campaign, mayor Sole said, \"time has come to increase greenery. Each mandal should plant at least 10 saplings and ensure its survival. Each person should plant at least one sapling and this would increase the tree count by 21 lakh. The city may have plunged to third or fourth number in greenery. We can make the city number one if we each person planted just one tree,\" he said.Officiating municipal commissioner and collector Saurabh Rao, deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav, MSEDCL superintending engineer Prasad Reshme, corporators Praveen Datke, Sandip Joshi, Prakash Gajbhiye, Prakash Totwani and others were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15063763", "title": "Sex workers' sons dribble to Mexico", "text": "KOLKATA: Quiet and shy, Surojit Bhattacharya looks like any other introvert teenager in the neighbourhood. Only his eyes speak of you the hardship the boy has undergone in the 16 years of his life in the red light area of Sonagachi. But talk about soccer and his eyes light up in excitement. His passion for the game will be taking him to Mexico this October.Two boys - sons of sex workers - have been selected in the national soccer team that will represent India in the Homeless World Soccer Cup 2012 in Mexico. The excitement to be a part of the international event has kept the hope flickering for these children.\"Soccer has helped me channelise my pain, frustration and anger in a positive way. I am excited about the prospect of playing on an international platform,\" said Surojit.The boy has already represented the state in the under-16 national tournament held in Bangalore in the beginning of this year. Surojit has also played division matches. His soccer idols are Lionel Messi and Baichung Bhutia .Like Surojit, life has taken a different turn for Mohammad Salauddin after the 17-year-old took up soccer. Life has never been the same for Mohammad Salauddin after the 17-year-old took up soccer.Growing up in the congested red light area of Kidderpore has always been tough for the teenager.As a child, Salauddin used to dribble a football in the narrow by-lanes of the red light area whenever he was disturbed. Over the years, football became his soulmate. His talent was recognized a few years ago and he was selected in Soccer XI, a team organized by Durbar Mahila Samannaya Committee (DMSC).\"As a child I used to get shaky due to the stigma attached to the children of sex workers. DMSC dragged me out of that shame and stigma. In fact, I am proud of my mother because she took up the profession to feed us. Now I want to focus on football and show the world that children of sex workers also can do it,\" said Salauddin.Apart from honing their soccer skills, DMSC has also ensured that they do not drop out of school. The boys were trained extensively at the grounds of Rahul Vidya Niketan at Baruipur, a residential stay home and school for children of sex workers.\"Both the boys are wonderful strikers and keen learners. Had they got proper nutrition in their childhood they could have even performed better,\" said their coach Biswajit Majumder.Come rain or the harsh sun, the boys religiously spend at least three hours everyday practicing soccer.The duo would be attending the national camp in Nagpur in August where they will be trained with team members. from other parts of the country.\"This is a big achievement in integrating children of sex workers with the mainstream sports community. We will continue our efforts to so that these children have a better future and a good career,\" said Dr Samarjit Jana of DMSC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15065062", "title": "Downpour leaves busy Hyderabad roads flooded", "text": "HYDERABAD: Skies opened up and sheets of rain lashed the city on Friday. The heavy showers flooded the main roads leading to water stagnation and bumper to bumper traffic on many busy roads. The peak hour traffic situation only worsened due to the rainfall. The city recorded 15.7 mm rainfall till 8.30pm.Denizens woke up to a heavily overcast sky with a drizzle that continued for the first half of the day. In the late afternoon, the rainfall intensified and it started pouring.After a brief halt, showers started once again and continued well past a couple of hours. It continued to rain intermittently through the night.Busy roads such as Ameerpet, Punjagutta, Khairatabad, S P Road, Raj Bhavan, Mehdipatnam, Masab Tank, Himayathnagar, Ashoknagar, Amberpet, Gandhi Bhavan, MJ Market and Control Room were flooded causing much inconvenience to commuters.Met officials said that southwest monsoon has been active over Telangana during the past 24 hours.The department has also issued a heavy rainfall warning for north coastal AP in its forecast for Friday.According to the traffic police, traffic jams were also reported from Road No 1, Banjara Hills, Masab Tank, Moosaram Bagh, Necklace Road, Lakdikapul, Begum Bazaar during the late evening hours. Those bound for home got delayed by a couple of hours.To handle water logging complaints the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) pressed in to service six emergency teams and alerted all its executive engineers, deputy municipal commissioners and other senior officials.In fact, some of the officials from the engineering wing were seen monitoring the situation from various pockets in the city in the evening.Meanwhile, weathermen forecast similar weather for the next 48 hours. Officials said that the rainfall was triggered by a sea level trough and upper air cyclonic circulation.\"Under the influence of the weather systems, moderate to heavy rainfall is predicted over Telangana and coastal Andhra Pradesh during the next 48 hours,\" said officials.Earlier in the day, a huge tree was uprooted near Chacha Nehru Park, Masab Tank at around 9am according to the GHMC's emergency squad. It took several hours to clear the area and a car parked near the tree was damaged, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15067276", "title": "Cong protest hits normal life in Old Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: The Congress protest paralyzed traffic in old Bhopal on Friday causing inconvenience to the commuters, school students returning from institutions and those going to railway station to catch trains.School buses coming from different direction were stranded at different roads as children inside the buses were forced to face the hot and humid afternoon conditions. Many of them reached home one to two hour behind their schedule.The worst hit were those going to the railway station. \"My father almost missed the Shatabdi Express,\" says Rajshekher, an Arera Colony resident, though we started quite early from our house anticipating traffic jams.The streets connecting the old city were packed as the number of people and vehicles carrying the party workers from different corners of the state were much more than estimated by the police.Proving traffic police calculation about Congress workers turnout of 4,000 or 5,000 workers wrong, party workers turnout was ten times as much. Similarly, parking arrangements were only for a thousand of vehicles against around 4,000-odd vehicles that reached the city by morning.The parking arrangements made at the MVM, Shahjahani Park, Central Library and Lal Parade grounds were packed with vehicles as they spilled over nearby roads resulting into chaos.The crippled vehicular movement added to the woes of ones commuting between the old city and new city areas. Traffic crawled at the street connecting the Polytechnic Square to the VIP road. It took close to an hour for crossing the 500 meters of stretch.The Pul Bodga area and the 80 feet wide road connecting the railway station also witnessed a heavy rush on bylanes or approach roads after the traffic police diverted the traffic on this route.As per the arrangements, the traffic was diverted towards the Jail Road from the control room trisection. The ones heading towards the station had to take the Pul Bogda route. Similarly, vehicles from the Jinsi to Bharat Talkies were also diverted towards the Pul Bogda.\"The streets connecting the Lilly Talkies area where the agitation was held were barricaded and vehicles were diverted on the alternate routes in order to minimize the traffic woes,\" said DySP (Traffic) M S Chhari.The normal vehicular movement suffered more in evening when thousands of vehicles started moving out after the agitation ended, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15068265", "title": "Mumbai finally gets its hands on 26/11 'mastermind'", "text": "MUMBAI: The man who remote-controlled the November 2008 Mumbai terror attack that killed more than 150 people will finally land in the city on Saturday.A Delhi court on Friday granted the custody of Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) operative Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal to the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS). The court also asked the state cops to produce Jundal before the Mumbai chief metropolitan magistrate to decide on his further custody. The 31-year-old Beed resident faces charges of killing 183 people in Maharashtra alone-166 in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks of 2008 and 17 in the Pune German Bakery blast of 2010.Meanwhile, ATS chief Rakesh Maria said that he had agreed to give the city crime branch the first shot at interrogating Jundal.Maria told TOI that he had spoken to Himanshu Roy, the crime branch head, on the issue. \"I have spoken to Roy about our cases. I asked him to take Jundal's custody as the 26/11 terror attacks was the bigger case. In the interest of investigation and security, we have decided that the ATS will not object when the crime branch seeks Jundal's custody in the 26/11 case on Saturday,\" said Maria.Jundal will be produced before the Esplanade court on Saturday. \"I have also informed the special public prosecutor in the 26/11 case, Ujjwal Nikam, about our decision not to object to the handover of Jundal's custody to the crime branch,\" said Maria.Besides the 26/11 and German Bakery cases, Jundal is an accused in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul and the Nashik Police Academy conspiracy. The police said Jundal had \"instructed, guided and motivated terrorists\" to attack and kill people during 26/11.Jundal was deported from Saudi Arabia on June 21 and formally shown as arrested (by the Delhi police) on June 25. After Saudi Arabia agreed to deport Jundal, the government decided to put him on a flight to Delhi instead of Mumbai. Though the most serious offence against him was involvement in 26/11, the government did not want another fight to erupt between Delhi and Mumbai police. Delhi has named him an accused in an arms manufacturing case. During the 13/7 Mumbai blasts case, the Delhi police had accused Mumbai ATS of arresting their informant, Naqi Ahmed.The Delhi court, which handed over Jundal's custody to the ATS on Friday, also directed the media not to publish \"clear\" photographs or show video footage of him citing security concerns. The court said the media should show or publish only blurred images of the 26/11 handler. The LeT operative is being guarded by the Delhi police's SWAT team and CRPF commandos.Jundal was born on November 30, 1980, at Hathi Khana in the Georai area of Beed. His father, Zakiuddin, used to work as an insurance agent. Jundal studied till Class X in Georai and joined the Industrial Training Institute in Beed.He joined SIMI in 2000 and went to Pakistan. In May 2006, while the police were after him near Aurangabad, Jundal dumped arms and ammunition and escaped to Kolkata with the help of his accomplices, Shahid Bilal and Abdul Khwaja. He later moved to Bangladesh and obtained a Bangladeshi passport for Rs 15,000 before entering Pakistan. He stayed there for around five years and had a Pakistani passport under the name, Riyasat Ali. This passport (QL1790941), issued on January 28, 2009, in Pakistan , showed him as a resident of Sheikhpura in Punjab province.Jundal got married to a Pakistani woman, Mariyam, in 2009 and has a son there. In India, the last passport issued in his name bore the number E7845118.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073744", "title": "We have not sold Indra rights: Priyanka Dutt", "text": "Rumors are rife that the Bollywood director Sanjay Leela Bhansali would wield the megaphone for Akshay Kumar's new movie, remake of a Telugu super hit film Indra. It's been buzzed that our 'Rowdy Rathore', will reprise megastar Chiranjeevi for the Bollywood film and the talks are that Akshay Kumar has brought the remake rights of 'Indra'.However, Priyanka Dutt, daughter of Ashwini Dutt (the producer of Indra) said that they have not sold the Hindi remake rights to anyone although they've been approached by several filmmakers.\"We've been approached by several producers but we have not sold the Hindi remake rights of Indra to any one. Vyjayanthi Movies will retain the Hindi remake rights,\" said Priyanka Dutt.Asked whether Vyjayanthi Movies want to remake the film in Hindi, the budding producer replied that they are want to produce the film in Bollywood rather giving the rights to someone else. \"We want to produce the film in Bollywood\", adjoins Priyanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15067757", "title": "Zoo launches 'Adopt An Animal' scheme", "text": "PATNA: The much-awaited 'Adopt An Animal' scheme was launched by deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi at the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park here on Friday. While 12 institutions adopted wild animals, no individual came forward to adopt an animal.Modi, while inaugurating the scheme said, \"This scheme will not only generate revenue for the zoo, but will also raise awareness about animals among people. We Indians are more sympathetic and care for the Nature. This adoption process is only a gesture to show our commitment to the Nature.\"He said the enclosure of the recently-arrived pair of chimpanzees would open for visitors in two days. Appreciating the interest evinced in adopting chimpanzees, Modi said, \"The zoo authorities will fix their adoption price soon.\" He said, \"Our primary motive is not to collect fund but to involve more people in the programme.\"\"The cat family, especially the tigers and lioness, were in high demand for adoption. However, we still have a tiger available for adoption,\" said Abhay Kumar, director, Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park.The 12 companies, like Life Insurance Corporation of India, Bank of Baroda , State Bank of India, Union Bank, Patna Dairy Project, Central Bank of India , Canara Bank , Security and Intelligence Services of India, Bihar State Bridge Construction Corporation, Bihar State Road Construction Corporation Limited, Shree Cements from Kolkata and Tirhut Milk Union, Muzaffarpur, adopted several animal and birds enclosures. Except for Bihar State Bridge Construction Corporation, which adopted a lioness, Saraswati, for three years, all other animals were adopted for a year only. The takers were given a memento and a certificate by the zoo authorities.Animals can be adopted for a maximum period of five years and minimum of a month. But the whole zoo can be adopted only for a day. The sponsorship money includes only the food and health care cost of animals. Under the scheme, a sign board with the company's logo or the name of the person adopting an enclosure will be displayed outside the enclosure. However, adoption will not allow the owner to touch the animal or to interfere with its diet. The owner will also not have any right to enter the enclosure of the adopted animal.The sponsors will enjoy benefits like free entry passes, free passes for children's garden, mini train and aquarium, guided tour, invitation for zoo orientation programme and a free copy of zoo booklet. Adopters can film or photograph the animals and celebrate birthdays, anniversaries and engagements on the zoo campus, with access to the zoo's guesthouse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073899", "title": "First look of Varun Sandesh\u2019s Chammak Challo", "text": "The first look of Varun Sandesh's Chammak Challo has been released today (July 21) on the occasion of the actor's birthday. The film, which promises to be a cute love story with a difference, sees Varun Sandesh paired with Sanchita Padukone and Catherine.This romantic entertainer is directed by Neelakanta, whose penchant for novelty is well-known. Avasarala Srinivas plays a key role in this film. Kiran Varanasi is scoring the music while Ranganath Gogineni cranks the camera. Coming with a tag line 'Love ki logic ledu', Chammak Challo is slated for October release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074627", "title": "Varalaru remake releases this week", "text": "Many Tamil films have proved to be the 'inspiration' for films in other industries. One such is Ajith's Varalaru, which was originally titled Godfather, and the Kannada remake of the same releases on July 27. Coincidentally, the Kannada film is called Varalaru.The film has Kannada actor Upendra, who has been part of films in Tamil like Sathyam , playing the lead. The film is being directed by Sethu Sriram, who is an associate of P C Sriram and was part of the team that filmed the original.In addition to this, the other highlight of the film is that the Mozart of Madras, A R Rahman has composed the songs and done the background score. While he has retained a few numbers from the original soundtrack in Tamil, he has additionally composed two numbers, which has been one of the biggest highlights in the Kannada film as those are Rahman's first original compositions for Sandalwood. The makers also have plans of showing the film to the team behind the original, which includes K S Ravikumar and Ajith.The heroines in this film are Soundarya and Catherine, who will play the roles essayed by Asin and Kanika in the original respectively. Bhumika Chawla has made a special appearance in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15068028", "title": "Ayurveda doctor held for raping trainee nurse", "text": "CHENNAI: One of the two Ayurveda doctors who went on the run after reportedly raping a trainee nurse at a guesthouse in J J Nagar was arrested by police on 100 Feet Road in Korattur on Friday morning.Police said R Shijith. 33, had discarded his SIM card and cellphone to throw police off his trail, but investigators tracked him down with the help of some of his acquaintances.Investigators said Shijith remained on the move after he went absconding, travelling by bus and train across the state and to Kerala to evade arrest. \"He did not stay with relatives or in hotels because he knew that would make it easy for police to capture him,\" an investigating officer said.As Shijith travelled to Palakad, Shoranur, Thiruvananthapuram and Madurai, investigators kept tabs on him. They arrested him when he returned to Chennai to see his family. \"We picked him up when he caught an autorickshaw from Koyambedu to visit his wife and his five-year-old daughter in his house in Korattur,\" the officer said. Shijith took only a suitcase with him and would bathe in the toilets of long distance trains. He called his wife from PCOs in different places, not knowing that investigators were monitoring the calls with a caller ID device.Police said Shijith confessed that co-accused Aajil Kumar, 42, brought the young woman to the city after convincing her that she would be employed as a nurse at his Ayurveda clinic. \"The two Ayurveda doctors usually gave the nurses accommodation in the hostel,\" the officer said. \"But they told her that the hostel was going to be shifted to another location and put her up in the guesthouse. Shijith said he had been friends with Aajil since 2007 when they were studying in the same college in Chennai. Shijith, from Kerala's Idukki district, completed a bachelor's course in Ayurveda and Medicine and Surgery (BAMS) at an institute in Chennai. He told the police that they gagged the trainee nurse before raping her. They later sent her to the hostel where she revealed what had happened to two nurShijith was produced before the magistrate's court in Ambattur and has been remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15067295", "title": "Man held for murderous attack", "text": "BHOPAL: A middle-aged man made a murderous assault on his elder brother when the latter stopped him from abusing their sister here in the old city on Thursday evening. The police have registered a case of attempt to murder.Saeed and Rashid are brothers and reside at Indira Nagar. The two are not on good terms and often fight, the police said.On Thursday, their sister, Shanno, came to their house to help them patch up. When she was talking to Rashid, another brother started abusing her, the police said. In the meantime, Saeed intervened and stopped Rashid from misbehaving with her.However, the situation soon turned ugly and Rashid with his friend Saleem attacked Saeed with a sharp- edged weapon. The victim sustained deep stab wounds on the body and was admitted to the hospital. The police have registered a case under the Section 307 (attempt to murder) against the duo and said the two accused have been taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15067590", "title": "RTO calls off drive due to staff crunch", "text": "Nashik: The joint campaign by the Regional Transport Office (RTO) and the city police against errant rickshaw drivers has been abruptly stopped due to a staff shortage since there is a statewide RTO already in force against overloaded vehicles.Senior RTO officials said that the city drive was suspended last week, a move that offers reprieve for auto drivers, who have been demanding that the drive be haldted. The city drive againsst errant autos had started on June 21 and was a joint effort by the Nashik RTO and city police.Since then action had been taken against 443 rickshaws of which nearly 425 were detained for either ferrying passengers on the driver's seat or operating without a functioning meter.Deputy RTO officer Jayant Patil added that while cases pertaining to breach of permit conditions had been sent to court, non permit-related offenses had attracted fines.The drive was in effect until July 15, in which time the RTO had recovered over Rs 5.5 lakh in fines, Patil said.Commenting on the drive being brough to a stop, he said that the drive had only been suspended temporarily, in view of the RTO's state wide drive, adding that it would be resumed in the near future.The joint drive by the RTO and city cops against errant auto drivers was brought to a halt as the RTO also has an on-going statewide drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15075568", "title": "Rahul Sharma left out of Indian team for first ODI against Sri Lanka", "text": "NEW DELHI: Leg-spinner spinner Rahul Sharma, who tested positive for recreational drugs after being caught at a rave party, was on Saturday left out of the Indian team for the first one-dayer against Sri Lanka at Hambantota.Rahul, along with South African cricketer Wayne Parnell , was detained by police after being caught in a rave party in Mumbai during the Indian Premier League in May.The two were among 42 people who tested positive for drugs, the Mumbai Police said on Friday.With two specialised spinners R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha in the team, Rahul was not an automatic choice in the playing XI in any case.The BCCI will, however, take action against the young spinner only after studying the police report on the matter.\"The police report will be studied before taking any action against Rahul Sharma,\" Senior BCCI official and IPL chairman Rajeev Shukla on Saturday.\"Only after studying the report we will proceed,\" he added.The BCCI officials have sought a detailed report from the Mumbai police authorities and will take a final call on whether to withdraw Rahul from the team at a later stage.Mumbai Police said Rahul and Parnell were among the 42 who tested positive for drugs. The two cricketers were among the 100-odd people who were detained on that day.\"I don't know why everyone is in a mood to execute Rahul Sharma without even going into the details,\" Srinivasan had said on Friday night.\"The BCCI will first procure each and every bit of relevant information and then study them before deciding on the course of action,\" he added.The Mumbai Police received reports of blood samples of 44 out of the 90 people, who had attended the sundown party at Oakwood Premier Hotel in Juhu.\"Of the 44, two females tested negative, while the rest are positive,\" Deputy Police Commissioner Pratap Dighaokar had said.All those who tested positive would face arrest, another police official said, adding the procedure to arrest them would start soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066716", "title": "Doctor of dance", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Menaka Thakkar's theosophist father Bhanuchandra nurtured the dream that she would become a doctor one day. And she indeed lived up to his expectations - becoming a doctor of the traditional dance forms of Bharat Natyam, Kuchipudi and Odissi.Thakkar has been running an art academy in Toronto for the past 40 years. She has recently started a novel project with the Canadian government's grant to promote Indian classical dance and Indian culture. \"Under this project, Indian classical dance centres run by my students in the US, the UK and Canada are linked online,\" says Thakkar who is one of few artistes to use state-of-the-art technology to promote Indian classical dance forms across the globe. \"The link helps us impart dance training to students at these affiliated centres abroad.\"Preserving Indian classical dance forms and promoting them abroad is Thakkar's avowed mission. So a new means to share timeless traditions with the modern world has pleased her.Thakkar, who has been honoured with the titles of Singarmani Bharatnatyam and Singarmani Odissi, is one of the few cultural figures to have been invited by Canada to stay permanently in Toronto. Honouring the invitation, Thakkar founded a dance academy in Toronto - Nrtuyakala - some 40 ago and was conferred an honorary doctorate by York University for mastering Indian traditional dance forms.Thakkar began initial training under her elder sister Sudha Thakkar and noted dancer Anjali Medh at her residence in Mumbai. At the time, she was only four years old. Later, she evolved into an artiste with a formal degree in dance forms from JJ School of Arts. Thakkar's mentor is the Odissi legend, the late Kelucharan Mahapatra.Thakkar has been bestowed with many prestigious international titles and awards, including Japan's Asian Cultural Prize, Traditional Creative Residency Award of Canada, Art of Toronto, and Face and Art Award.Thakkar has choreographed dance compositions like Geet Govind, Sitaayan, Parashakti, Moods of Morning, Space and Rhythm, Karna-Kunti, Farewell of Heaven, and Mahi Madhav. \"These are experimental compositions that retain pure aesthetics of classical dance forms,\" Thakkar says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "15072519", "title": "Veena Malik's Ramzan show dropped after public outrage", "text": "KARACHI: A leading Pakistani television channel has decided to cancel a special show prepared for the holy month of Ramadan featuring controversial actor and model Veena Malik following a public outcry.Promos for Malik's new TV show, which featured her trying to look her religious best, had gone viral on the Internet. The trailers of the show, in which Malik was seen repenting for her sins, sparked an outcry across the country.The show was to be aired on 'Hero' channel, a part of the Express media group. The decision to drop the show was taken in the face of a mounting public criticism.\"Hero TV is for the awaam. If the awaam does not want to see Veena Malik on this Ramadan show, then we will cancel it,\" said a member of the production team, adding that they respect the wishes of the populace.The people expressed their annoyances over the blogs, news reports, comments and social networking websites. They were of the opinion that the controversial queen was completely misfit for such a religious programme.\"The Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority (Pemra) has received Internet petitions calling for the show to be cancelled,\" a Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority (PEMRA) official said.The 28-year-old rose to prominence in India after participating in the reality TV show Bigg Boss. She recently angered conservatives in Pakistan by posing semi-nude for an Indian men's magazine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072110", "title": "Naseer demands equal footage as Big B in Badla", "text": "It may come as a surprise to know that two most iconic actors, Amitabh Bachchan and Naseeruddin Shah , have never shared screen space, not even for a fleeting moment, in all these decades they've been in the industry. Then again, it may not be such a surprise after all.Considering the fact that Naseer has purposely avoided being in the same film as Amitabh because he feels if they come together, Amitabh, courtesy his tremendous star power, will get an upper hand in the plot.However, all that is about to change now. Mirror has learnt that director Sujoy Ghosh, flush with the success of his last film Kahaani, is keen on bringing the two veteran actors together in his ambitious next Badla that will star Vidya Balan as the third main protagonist. Needless to say, Ghosh is faced with the onerous task of posing an equal challenge for both actors when they are pitched against one another.A source close to the project revealed that Naseer rejected the script Ghosh presented him, and asked the director to rework the characters in a more balanced equation. \"Naseer is happy with the idea of sharing screen space with Amitji. But he has made it clear that he will be part of Sujoy's dream team only if his role is justified by the script. And that means, equal footage,\" the source said.Ghosh confirmed the news that his script has gone into re-write mode. \"When you have your dream team in a project, you've got to make sure it's a kickass script. That's all I'm focusing on now. Naseer Saab has given me until August to finish writing Badla.\"Ghosh claimed he waited ten years for the title saying, \" Badla was a title that was registered with another producer. I had to wait ten years to get it. As for getting Sir (Amitabh) and Naseer Saab together, I've waited all my career for this. I've to justify their presence in the script.\" Asked for details about the script, Ghosh only said, \"It's a revenge story. But not a vendetta saga.\"What we can gather is it is possibly about two men who grow older dreaming of taking revenge on one another. But when it actually comes to pulling the trigger, they realise the definition of revenge has changed for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15067723", "title": "Grain wastage: HC orders govt to use private godowns", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday directed Food Corporation of India (FCI) and Punjab Grains Procurement Corporation Ltd (PUNGRAIN) to occupy all those godowns within a week that were constructed by private entrepreneurs under the seven-year guarantee scheme in 2008.A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh and Justice Rakesh Jain has issued these directions to ensure that the food grains rotting in the open could be saved. While issuing the directions, the bench observed, \"While millions of tonnes of food grains are rotting in the open, the respondents cannot be allowed to keep the godowns empty\".Orders were passed in the wake of a PIL filed by one Bhola Singh of Mansa district, seeking the issuance of appropriate directions to PUNGRAIN and FCI to immediately shift the stocks of current crop of wheat into the 27 capacity godowns constructed under the \"Seven-year guarantee scheme of 2008\", which are available at various places in Punjab.The petitioner has stated that these godowns with capacity of more than 3 lakh metric tones were constructed by private parties in pursuance to tenders issued by PUNGRAIN at the instance of FCI. The entire rent for these godowns is required to be paid by FCI, besides reimbursement of expenses to PUNGRAIN for supervision, security and preservation of these stocks.Petitioner alleged that these godowns were not being used for some extraneous reasons by the government agencies and food grains were being exposed to the vagaries of nature, resulting into colossal loss of public funds. Now the case has been fixed for August 23 to inform the court about compliance of these orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15068337", "title": "Chandigrah to get 16 trains in 2018", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sixteen Metro trains are expected to run in the city by 2018. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has fixed it as the projected year of completion, provided work begins next year. A detailed project report (DPR) has been submitted to administration.Around 1.7 lakh passenger trips per day are expected on east-west corridor including 1.1 lakh passengers from Chandigarh, 14,645 from Punjab and 40,804 passengers from Haryana.Similarly, DMRC has projected around 1.7 lakh passenger trips per day on Corridor-II.In the first phase, a total of 37.573km metro rail project has been proposed including 23.468km elevated and 14.105km underground in the Tricity. Four-coach Metro trains would be designed to accommodate over 1,100 people. The Metro system will have a fleet of 16 trains of four coaches each.Corridor-I will run from north to south and will start from a site close to Capitol Complex and will reach Sector 17 plaza through UT secretariat on Jan Marg, Sector 22 and 35, ISBT 43 and will go up to Aerocity in Mohali. In Mohali it will cover City Centre and will take a turn near Sohana gurdwara. Known as East West Corridor, Corridor-II, will start from Sector 21, Panchkula and lead to railway station Sector 17, PGI, Sarangpur and reach up to Mullanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15068313", "title": "Number of Indians in UK varsities dips", "text": "Changes to the student visa system to prevent abuse has led to a decline in the number of students coming from India, but the overall number of international students coming to UK universities has not changed, according to a home office minister. During a debate in the House of Lords on Thursday, home office minister of state Lord Henley was asked by Labour peer Lord Judd if he had \"looked at the evidence of what has happened to the number of students coming from India? This is very grave in the context of our future relationship with India and the world\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15067809", "title": "Cops carry 'bomb' on bamboo stick in Punjab", "text": "PATIALA: Residents of Samana town, located on the Punjab-Haryana border, which had also witnessed terrorist activities during militancy days in Punjab, remained on tenterhooks for three hours in the morning on Friday after recovery of a 'bomb'.Though later police broke open the object and found sand inside, the way cops dealt with the matter it raised serious questions about their preparedness to handle such situations. Cops neither called any bomb disposal squab nor did any senior officer visit the spot and they totally relied upon the phone call of a head constable and home guard constable, who took the object in a car and broke it open.Sources said the object was first seen by some rag-pickers working in Gandhi ground, located in the heart of city, at around 5 am and they immediately informed Samana city police station. But instead of taking proper action, only the 'munshi' on duty at the city police station, Avtar Singh, along with home guard constable Chamkaur Singh reached at spot without any equipment.Both the cops remained there with the object and called their seniors, but neither any senior officer nor any bomb disposal squad officer reached at spot.Around 7.30 am, after wasting more than two hours, the two cops picked up the object and hang it on a long bamboo and took it away in a car. Chamkaur drove the car while Avtar hung the 'bomb' outside the car window at some distance and broke it open on the Patiala-Samana road, without any equipment. They recovered some sand, two electricity wires and a transmitter fitted in the object and brought it back to show their \"achievement\" to senior officers who later visited the police station.When contacted, Samana DSP Sewa Singh Malhi justified their action, saying, \"Our cops risked their own lives to take the object away from the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073814", "title": "Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg pays just 1.05% for home loan", "text": "Zuckerberg's 5-bedroom house in Palo Alto, CaliforniaBillionaire Mark Zuckerberg is giving new meaning to the term \"the one per cent.\" The Facebook founder refinanced a $5.95-million mortgage on his Palo Alto, California , home with a 30-year adjustable-rate loan starting at 1.05%, according to public records for the property.While almost all lending rates have reached historical lows this year, the borrowing costs available to high-net-worth individuals are even lower if the person is willing to bear the risk of monthly interest rate adjustments, said Greg McBride, senior financial analyst with Bankrate, a North Palm Beach, Florida-based firm that tracks interest rates.Large increases are unlikely anytime soon with the Federal Reserve signalling it will keep interest rates near-zero for at least two years.\"When you can borrow at a rate below inflation, you're borrowing for free,\" McBride said in an email. \"This is the concept of using other people's money and it preserves financial flexibility for the borrower.\"\"The one per cent\" is a phrase popularised last year by the Occupy Wall Street movement to protest growing US income inequality. The top 1% of Americans earns a fifth of the country's income and controls more than a third of its wealth, according to Joseph E Stiglitz, a Nobel Prize-winning economist, whose book \"The Price of Inequality,\" was published last month.The average rate on a one-year adjustable mortgage was 2.69% on July 12, up from a record low of 2.68% a week earlier, according to Freddie Mac, the McLean, Virginia-based mortgage-finance company. The average rate for a 30-year fixed loan fell to a record low 3.56% on July 12. Freddie Mac doesn't survey rates for loans that adjust monthly.Zuckerberg, 28, is the world's 40th wealthiest person, with a net worth of $15.7 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. His company went public in a $16-billion initial public offering in May. The shares were down 19% since trading began as of July 13.Facebook spokesman Larry Yu declined to comment on Zuckerberg's mortgage. \"We're not going to get into the personal finances of executives,\" he said in an email. The Palo Alto house cost $7 million in March of last year, purchased in the name of a limited liability company, according to a deed filed with the Santa Clara County Clerk-Recorder.Zuckerberg's address was published by Palo Alto Online and Burbed.com, a Silicon Valley real estate blog. Three neighbours reached by phone at their homes said Zuckerberg lives at the address. They asked that their names not be used because of concerns for their privacy. The five-bedroom, 5-1/2-bath house was built in 1903 on a 9,011 square-foot lot, according to Redfin.The two-floor white wood-sided home is ensconced behind a gated drive and a wall of groomed shrubbery, about three miles (4.8 kilometers) from Stanford University and three miles from Facebook's Menlo Park headquarters.Zuckerberg was married to Priscilla Chan in the backyard on May 19. Homes in Zuckerberg's ZIP code, 94301, sold for a median $1.875 million, or $968 a square foot, in June, up 1.7% from a year earlier, according to Redfin. Google co-founder Larry Page owns a home in 94301 and the late Apple founder Steve Jobs also lived there.\"There was a huge run up before the Facebook IPO and it cooled off after the Facebook fizzle,\" Ken DeLeon, a Palo Alto real estate broker, said about local home prices.First Republic Bank, which provided Zuckerberg's mortgage, doesn't comment on specific loans or clients, said Greg Berardi, a spokesman for the San Francisco-based company.\"First Republic, like most banks, prices its credit products based on the strength and totality of the entire client relationship,\" Berardi said in an emailed statement. \"This is our approach with all of our clients,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "15064341", "title": "Denied copying, students ransack Kolkata College", "text": "NADIA: A group of students from Ranaghat College ransacked Chakdaha College in Nadia on Friday after they were prohibited from changing their seats and copying the answers.Special force of police had to rush to the spot to bring the situation under control, said Kalyani SDPO Subhankar Bhattacharjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15065558", "title": "Police bust sex racket at Anjuna, 3 held, 1 rescued", "text": "MAPUSA: Anjuna police on Thursday night busted a sex racket being operated out of Anjuna. The girls were brought from far off places like Assam and Mumbai to work as sex workers here.Three people were arrested and one girl was rescued in this connection.On receiving prior information, the raid was conducted on Thursday evening at Badem-Assagao and police caught the accused, Rajiv De, 19, a native of Agartala-Tripura, who had come to deliver a victim girl aged 20 years and a native of Guwahati-Assam. The girl was supposed to be handed over to a male customer for prostitution activities, police said.Rajiv arrived on a Dio scooter to deliver a girl to the customers for sexual favours, police said. The girl was procured by two other main accused, Azam alias Arif and his wife Surekha alias Afsana, from Mumbai. According to police, the couple arrived from Mumbai around 15 days ago and rented a house in Anjuna on Sunday.They also brought the victim girl along with them promising her a good job with 25,000 as salary. During the course of investigation, the second accused, Surekha alias Afsana, 32, was traced at Assagao junction, where she too was arrested.It was further revealed that a person named Vikas Das, 40, of Orissa, was also involved in the above case as he was acting as a tout for arranging customers. Vikas was traced at Badem on the same night and was arrested. The accused were found living on the earnings of prostitution activities.The police team comprising PI Rahul Parab, constables Umesh Pawaskar, Amar Konadkar, Nitesh Mulgaonkar, Suhas Joshi and Ashwini Satoskar were involved in the operation which went on till 4 am on Friday. Police also recovered a mobile phone and a scooter. Police further obtained five days remand of the accused and are in the search of the main accused, Azam alias Arif from Mumbai.Police sources informed TOI that Azam alias Arif was on his way to Mumbai to procure more girls and get them to Goa for prostitution. Offences under Section 4 and 5 of Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, 1956, has been registered. PI Parab is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15065391", "title": "Mihan PAPs compensation formula may change", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has shown willingness to change the compensation formula for project affected persons (PAPs) of Mihan owing to their inability to pay charges for developed land.Raising the issue in state assembly on Friday, south-west Nagpur MLA Devendra Fadnavis pointed out that many farmers who were given award money at low rates do not have the money to pay charges for 12.5% developed land.As per the compensation package, an affected farmer gets award money as per government rates. The award rates were very low in the beginning. In addition the farmer can get extra money for his land or developed land whose area is 12.5% of his land holding. However, the farmer has to pay charges for this developed land.Fadnavis demanded that the farmers should be allowed to surrender a part of their land for complete waiver of development charges. \"Many farmers had got very little award money and that too years ago. Now they do not have the money to pay development charges for 12.5% land. They are ready to surrender say two acres out of total five acres and get developed land in proportion to the three acres provided they do not have to pay development charges.\"Chavan said that while this adjustment was not possible for all farmers, it would be considered for those whose award rates were on the lower side. The CM also assured to convene a meeting on Mihan within a month to solve various problems dogging it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15067629", "title": "Activist slams Centre for delay in blasts case", "text": "Nashik: The central government is deliberately delaying the case against Col Shreekant Purohit, accused in 2008 Malegaon bomb blast case, only eyeing the minority vote-bank in the forthcoming general elections, alleged Himani Savarkar, president Savarkar Smriti Pratishthan, who was in Nashik to deliver a lecture on Thursday evening.\"The Army's Court of Inquiry (CoI) report has revealed that Purohit could have infiltrated Abhinav Bharat and that clearly means he is not a terrorist. There is no iota of proof to nail Pradnya Singh Thakur. In these circumstances the central government is delaying the case such that survives the forthcoming elections,\" Savarkar said.Lambasting the government on its 'secular' policy, the activist added that the government was eating its own words by saying 'terrorism has no religion' as it attempted to fabricate an incident and brand it Hindu terrorism. Commenting on the 'Communal Violence Bill' Savarkar said that the Hindu Mahasabha and Abhinav Bharat have strongly protested the idea of the Bill that itself is aimed at sowing the seeds of animosity among the masses. She strongly advocated the cause of evolving a Common Civil Code (CCC) instead.\"Why is the government shying away from the Common Civil Code which will treat every human being as one?\", Savarkar asked.Himani Savarkar, president of the Savarkar Smriti Pratisthan, alleged that the Central govt was deliberately delaying the 2008 Malegaon blasts case to safeguard its position in the forthcoming polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15066205", "title": "Rare surgery saves life of Madurai infant", "text": "MADURAI: A delicate surgery saved a new born infant suffering from congenital diaphragmatic hernia, a rare congenital anomaly with a big hole on one side of the diaphragm - a thick muscular part which separates the abdomen from the chest. All the abdominal organs including liver, small intestine and large intestine were inside the thorax, causing severe compression and poor development of the lungs.The baby which was delivered on June 27 in a local private hospital in Madurai was rushed to Vadamalayan Hospital the next day, as she developed severe respiratory problems. Paediatric surgeon, G Ganesh Prabhu told media persons on Friday that as soon as the child was admitted, she was put on mechanical ventilation and was stabilised using the surfactant high frequency oscillator ventilator. The surgery was held on June 29 and the team of doctors cut open the stomach to fix the hole in the diaphragm and pushed the organs from the thorax to the stomach region. The baby quickly recovered in the post operative period and within four days, she was able to breathe on her own, he said.Prabhu said that it was a delicate operation as the organs of the child were small and extreme care had to taken while operating. \"The child will be normal in future as her lungs expansion is good after the surgery,\" he said. The surgery took one hour and fifteen minutes by the team of doctors consisting paediatric surgeons G Ganesh Prabu and Karuppasamy, anaesthesiologist Shanmugasundaram, paediatric cardiologist B R J Kannan and paediatricians P Vinoth and S Navarasu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15066794", "title": "Young woman dies of suspected dengue", "text": "BANGALORE: Hamsa Kumari M, a 22-year-old patient at St John's Medical College Hospital, died due to suspected dengue on Friday morning. She was the daughter of V Manjunath of Gowdan Palaya, Bangalore South.She was admitted to the hospital on July 13 and expired at 3am Friday. The cause of death is 'dengue shock syndrome'.According to BBMP, the death is due to mixed infection and not due only due to dengue. \"The 22-year-old patient Hamsa Kumari was initially treated for dengue. But she was suffering from typhoid and had developed multi-organ disorder. We are yet to examine if the death is caused due to dengue. The test results are awaited,\" said a BBMP medical officer.Since January 2012, there have been 111 positive cases of dengue in BBMP limits. If BBMP confirms the cause of death on Saturday, it'll be the first death due to dengue in Bangalore this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15064839", "title": "Fruit prices pinch pockets", "text": "HYDERABAD: Like every year, Ramzan commenced with fruit prices shooting through the roof. Braving rain on Friday, people who made a beeline for fruit shops were shocked to find the rates soar northwards overnight.Given that fruits are a staple during the fasting month, fruit sellers were seen doing brisk business. Buyers, trying their best to strike a bargain, had no option but to make the prohibitively expensive purchases.The wholesale and retail price of several varieties of fruits saw a substantial increase. \"The cost of a box of imported apples containing 100 pieces increased from Rs 2,300 to Rs 2,500 in the market but in retail, every apple will be sold for as much as Rs 40 - 45. A box of pomegranate weighing 3 kg was sold for Rs 350. Retails will see at least a 50% increase in profit margins. The wholesale rate of papaya was hovering around Rs 8 a week ago but on Friday it was selling at Rs 15,\" he said.Wholesale traders also say that the price of all fruits including banana, pineapple, papaya, and dry fruits like dates will remain high and also further increase during Ramzan. Only during the last week would the prices drop substantially. According to them, lack of any price fixing mechanism allows retailers a free hand in hiking the price.Retailers confirmed that fruit prices have indeed increased. \"Muslim families consume more fruit in Ramzan than they ever do. They break fast with dates and fruits. The demand of some fruits can cause a supply shortage and hence price may further increase,\" said Mohammed Anwar, a fruit seller in Jambagh market.Crowds were seen purchasing fruits despite rains at Moazzam Jahi market, Charminar-Pathargatti, Nampally, and Puranapul. \"The price of fruit has increased beyond the reach of the common man. But fruits are essential not just for those fasting but also for serving visitors for Iftar. Even if the cost is high, the purchase is unavoidable,\" said Javeed Ali who was seen bargaining hard with a seller at Jambagh market.However, sweet lime (mosambi) is the only fruit that has seen a price drop . \"Farmers brought in more fruit anticipating an increased demanded. Three hundred truck-loads of the fruit arrived on Friday as compared to 60 truck-loads three days ago,\" said Rajeshekar Reddy, secretary Gaddianaram agricultural marketing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065850", "title": "Civic body to revamp disaster management cell", "text": "PUNE: Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Friday said the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will open an independent and well-equipped disaster management cell. Addressing a workshop on disaster management, organised by the PMC to train its staff, Pathak said, \"The new cell will be well-equipped and capable of managing any eventuality. The PMC is following this at the state level and we are confident that the city will have a world-class disaster management cell.\"Pathak urged the PMC staff to follow the disaster management rules framed by the state and the centre.In March, the PMC had published the integrated disaster management plan for the city which revealed a doubt about the city's disaster preparedness should a calamity strike. \"(...) The city would be caught unawares, its fire stations, fire tenders, staff and other critical equipment prove inadequate, and its mechanism to protect water supply from probable terror attacks will fall short...\" the report had said. tnnThe plan painted a bleak picture of the city's disaster preparedness. \"The city falls in the low-capacity category to prevent and mitigate hazards. The civic body lacks a coordinated communication set-up that could warn the public and remain in communication with control mechanisms. The staff is not trained in performing emergency support functions and incident response system functions,\" the plan had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15063220", "title": "Food inspector caught while taking bribe", "text": "RANCHI: The vigilance department on Friday caught a block food supply inspector while receiving Rs 2,000 as bribe.Shivdhan Tutu was posted at Mahesh Khala village in Dumka district where he used to charge money for providing PDS ration. The raid was conducted after a beneficiary had informed vigilance sleuths. Tutu has been arrested. Vigilance SP Ranjeet Prasad said a trap was laid to nab the corrupt official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065573", "title": "Junior college cut-offs fall by 2-4%", "text": "PUNE: The cut-off percentage for admission to standard XI seats in junior colleges in the city and neighbouring Pimpri Chinchwad has gone down by 2% to 4% this year. This was attributed to the significant drop in the number of students scoring 90% and above in their standard X state board 2012 exam.The drop in the cut-offs, the percentage point where admissions to a given college are closed, comes as a contrast to the trend for the last two years when the cut-offs had registered a 2% to 4% increase.The 'Best-5' policy in 2010 allowed the Maharashtra state education board to calculate the aggregate score of a student on the basis of scores in five of the total six subjects. The policy contributed largely to a rise in the number of students with 90% and higher scores.However, the number of students getting 90% and above dropped by 41.5% in the state, from 42,731 last year to 24,994 in 2012. \"This was reflected in the lower cut-offs this year,\" said Rekha Palshikar, a key member of the standard XI CAP committee and vice-principal of Fergusson College, the main coordinating centre for the admission process.On Friday, the CAP committee chairman and deputy director of education for Pune region, Bhimrao Phadtare, released the seat allotment and cut-off details for seats at 165 junior colleges, which are part of the centralized process this year. \"All the 50,001 students, who applied for arts, science and commerce streams, have been allotted a seat,\" Phadtare said.The focus now shifts to the impending process of candidates reporting to their allotted junior colleges for confirmation of admissions; the subsequent two rounds of admissions against waiting lists; and seat allotments to the standard X failed students, who applied under the allowed-to-keep-term (ATKT) scheme. The entire admission process will end on July 31 and junior colleges classes will begin from August 1.Barring exceptions like the Laxmanrao Apte junior college, which has maintained its number one status among the sought-after junior colleges for science, most prominent colleges have shown a perceptible drop in their cut-offs. Last year, admissions to this college had closed at 97.27%, but this year the college has registered a marginally higher cut-off of 97.64%.The CAP committee had declared an overall admission capacity of 64,380 seats for 2012-13. Of these, admissions to the 5,525 bifocal science stream was taken up first between July 3 and 9. The remaining 58,855 seats for arts, science and commerce streams are now taken up for allotment through CAP round-I.Of the 50,001 forms received, 23,644 were for the science stream, 23,822 for the commerce (English and Marathi combine) stream and 2,535 for arts (English and Marathi combine) stream. \"All these students were allotted seat,\" Phadtare said.\"The government has sanctioned six additional sections at junior colleges and high schools for accommodating the excess number of forms that were received for the science stream,\" Phadtare said. A section refers to 80 seats for junior colleges affiliated to high schools and 120 seats for junior colleges affiliated to senior college.\"After elimination of the bifocal science forms and the dual plea i.e. candidates who had applied for two separate streams, we found that nearly 3,000 applications were in excess for the science stream,\" said Palshikhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15064663", "title": "Retired PSI threatens self-immolation on Independence Day", "text": "NAGPUR: A 64-year-old retired police sub-inspector rocked the state police control room in Mumbai, and shook up senior officials in the city, rural and Wardha police on Thursday evening. He has issued an ultimatum that he would end his life on Independence Day to protest apathy regarding payment of his pension as per the sixth pay commission.Manoharsing Paras, who retired on April 30, 2007, has threatened to immolate himself in front of the office of the Wardha Superintendent of Police.Paras, who retired as reader to the SP Wardha, had joined the force in 1967 as a constable and was promoted to the rank of an officer in 2000, after passing the departmental examination. The former sub-inspector claims he is suffering due to the lackadaisical attitude of ministerial staffers of SP Wardha office. He said clerical mistakes have resulted in his pension amount being calculated as per the fifth pay commission and not sixth, for which he is eligible.Paras said that he is getting Rs4,913 as pension after office of the Accountant General (Accounts and Entitlement)-II calculated his basic as per the fifth pay commission. \"My pension should have been calculated as per the sixth pay commission, which was implemented from January 2006. I retired a year after that. Everyone from my batch is getting pension as per the sixth pay commission, except me,\" he said.\"Wardha SP office staffers had sent my service sheet to the concerned department only four days before my retirement, when it should have been done six months ago. My pension amount was truncated in an unjust manner, since the calculations could not be done properly due to late dispatch of my service sheet,\" said Paras.The never-say-die spirit of the former PSI is ready to take on senior officers in this challenge. The sexagenarian, seated in his small room at Valmiki Nagar, was preparing his documents on Friday. \"I still live in a small and ordinary house even after being engaged in the police department for four decades. My service sheet mentions that my image had remained as a non-corrupt official,\" he said.Fighting for his rights is nothing new for Paras. In the past, an aggrieved Paras had once threatened an officer of the rank of Inspector General of Police (IG). He had threatened to take his wife's body to the IG's office after her death since the amount sanctioned for treatment was not released by SP Wardha in 2006. Though fate defeated Paras in his struggle to save wife Mamta, and the IG too was far from happy after receiving the call, the former PSI said he was right in fighting for something unjustly denied to him.Fights with the department have cost Paras dear. He had to forego a part of his pension as penalty imposed on him after a departmental inquiry against him. \"The government should pay my arrears as per the norms. I have already faced loss to the tune of Rs8 lakh,\" said Paras. \"I have no strength left to run from pillar to post and so I have decided to end my life,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15074307", "title": "SMBs should 'crawl, walk and run' in online marketing", "text": "MUMBAI: Traditional methods of marketing, though still prevalent, are not the sure shot way to reach the right target audience, especially for the Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs), for whom money is always a constraint.It is imperative to not only be there where the customers spend most of their time but also communicate in a language best understood by them. And for the SMEs that plan to grow at a rapid rate, ignoring the World Wide Web is a mistake that they cannot afford to make.Connecting with the customers is a pre-requisite for any business and there is no better way to bond with the customer but marketing through the internet. While there are many tools to choose from, they all aim at making the right connect with the customer base.The internet is a great equaliser and a great boon for the small and medium businesses, feels Dr Shyam Vyas, president and managing director, Shyam Vyas Marc Pvt Ltd.He says, \"Social media should form an integral part of the marketing plan. It is a great equaliser - what you are doing is putting out wonderful truthful information out there for all to see. Those that come to your website and social media pages are all 'active searchers' of information rather than being 'passive receivers' of information (as in case of many that are exposed to a firm's ad efforts). Hence, they are very much more interesting and responsive set of customers.\"Adding to the view, Vinod Kumar, senior partner - India operations, Sustainable Development Research &amp; Consulting, shares, \"In order to scale up their reach and increase networking amongst clients, internet marketing has become a must for SMEs in India. Internet plays an important role in reaching out to the prospective customers irrespective of the location and helps to showcase the products and services in the practical world.\"Kumar opines that the traditional marketing methods are becoming both ineffective and expensive, and by neglecting to market their business online, the SMEs are missing out on the powerful business results that an effective internet marketing strategy can bring about. Similar views are expressed by Vyas, who feels that those not using internet marketing are losing out on the opportunity to reduce costs and be more responsive as an organisation.But are the SMEs ready to embrace technology and incur the cost associated with it? Surely, says Dinesh Agarwal, founder and CEO, IndiaMart.com, \"SMEs are gradually realising the need to adopt ICT technologies which bring them mobility and seamless business operations too. Contrary to what most believe, technology is not expensive. In most cases, SMEs have the option to use internet applications, for marketing or any other business function, for free.\"\"Paid options are also available which too may not be that expensive. Besides, SMBs can pay for what they use and decide how much they want to use. Currently there is lack of awareness about their availability, ease of use and cost-effectiveness. A continuous push is required from all stakeholders to build this awareness. For many SMEs, initial hand-holding is required.\"According to a survey jointly conducted by Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and Estates India, 73 per cent of MSMEs in India have their own websites, while 99 per cent of MSMEs use online B2B marketplaces to generate business.The survey found that in the domestic market last year, the surveyed companies generated 4,842 orders and business worth Rs 50.9 crore through B2B e-marketplaces, while in the international market the companies recorded business worth Rs 15.9 crore generated from 1,428 orders through e-marketplaces.If there is one thing that reduces customer risk perceptions - it is communication. And there is no other channel more popular than social media to do so. Social media provides a platform for direct communication between SME customers, prospects and employees. What is more, it is a key driver of content distribution and brand visibility online.Vyas proposes, \"SMEs should follow the strategy of 'crawl, walk and run' as they adopt and adapt to internet marketing. Begin with simple things like designing a simple website - putting out information about the SME and its products and services and expertise and USP for all to see - at the same time creating database of possible potential customers and making initial contacts - generating traffic on social media introducing their product and services, devising a Facebook, Linkedin and Twitter account to disseminate information about the enterprise and begin a dialogue with prospects.\"Kumar avers, \"For cash crunched SMEs, best way to reach out to their target group is to use social and business networking and blogging sites, which can easily help them reach out to a large prospective customer base, cost effectively.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065927", "title": "EC rejects Mulayam Singh's vote in presidential poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission (EC) on Friday rejected Samajwadi Party (SP) chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's vote in the presidential election. The poll panel directed the returning officer not to count the first ballot paper used by Yadav as \"the secrecy of ballot was violated\".The EC cited rule 15 of the Presidential and Vice-Presidential Elections Rules, 1974, and said the second ballot paper used by the SP chief should not be counted either. \"Issue of second ballot paper to Shri Mulayam Singh Yadav was not warranted,\" the EC said.Yadav on Thursday had first marked a vote for BJP-backed P A Sangma on the ballot paper. Soon he realized his mistake and tore the ballot. He then voted for UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee on the second ballot, prompting Sangma's polling agent Satya Pal Jain to demand cancellation of the vote.In a complaint to Rajya Sabha secretary general V K Agnihotri, returning officer (RO) for the poll, Jain sought cancellation of Yadav's vote on the second ballot paper and asked for consideration of the first ballot as genuine. Jain contended that Yadav was not entitled to a second ballot paper as \"he himself tore that ballot paper\". The RO had forwarded the letter to the EC. Sources said Yadav's first ballot paper was deposited with the polling officer.Under rule 15, an elector \"who has inadvertently dealt with his ballot paper in such a manner that it cannot be conveniently used as a ballot paper\" may obtain another ballot paper from the presiding officer after \"satisfying him of the inadvertence\".In this case, the EC held Yadav's error was \"not inadvertent\" leading to rejection of his vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15067785", "title": "Ex-GP chief killed over property dispute", "text": "Dharwad: Former president of Hebballi gram panchayat in Dharwad taluk, Fakkirappa Chakri was found murdered on the tank bund in Hebballi village on Friday night. Police said the body of 50 year-old Fakkirappa was traced by villagers. The body bore injuries on the neck, face and chest. According to Dharwad rural circle police inspector Ramanagouda Hatti, dispute over a site was the reason for the murder. Fakkirappa's family has lodged a complaint saying that Siddappa Kuri and others had murdered Fakkirappa by attacking him with lethal weapons. Police are yet to make any arrests in this connection. Fakkirappa's body was handed over to his relatives after post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15069063", "title": "DSP uncovers body with foot, removed from post", "text": "LUCKNOW: A police officer in Uttar Pradesh's Sitapur district was removed from his post on Friday for using his foot to uncover an unclaimed body's face four days earlier.Officials said DSP Jai Prakash Singh Yadav was attached to the office of district police chief Deepak Kumar, who has ordered an inquiry into the incident. Sources said action would be recommended against Yadav on the basis of the probe findings. An additional SP rank officer would conduct the probe.The officer had disrespected the body while inspecting the spot where the body, said to be that of a middle-aged man, was recovered from a field in Basantpura village on Monday. The cops had shrouded the body by the time the officer had reached the site.Local photographers, who had gathered at the spot, clicked pictures of the officer kicking the body and had them flashed across newspapers the next day. Senior police officers took cognizance and ordered immediate action. Kumar said Yadav had denied doing it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15067691", "title": "Magadh University colleges announce first cut-off for Inter", "text": "PATNA: Colleges under Magadh University (MU) located in and around the state capital have published their list for admitting students to Intermediate courses. Science stream remains the first choice for most of the students.TPS College has announced the first cut-off list for science and arts streams. While 55% cut-off has been announced in science stream for both math and biology groups, the college is giving direct admission in arts stream to those who have secured second division at matriculation examination, said college principal Baban Singh. He said the college would complete admission process by the end of this month. Admission to vocational courses at Degree level has been going on in full swing in the college after taking entrance test, he said.Admission to Intermediate courses has been going on smoothly at RSLY College, Bakhtiarpur. The first cut-off list has been announced in the college. While 65% marks at matriculation examination has been made the eligibility criteria for students seeking admission to Intermediate science stream (math group), 60% is the cut-off for taking admission to Intermediate biology group, said college principal P K Verma, adding 45% is the minimum eligibility for taking admission in arts stream.RPS Girls College, Patna City, has announced its first cut-off list for girls students. While 50% is the cut-off for science stream, it is 45% for arts stream for girl students. The college has about 150 seats in science and 400 seats in arts stream, said a senior teacher of the college.B S College, Danapur, has also announced its first cut-off list for admission to Intermediate courses. The college has announced 70% as the first cut-off for admission to science stream (math group), while it is first division in biology group, said college principal Pravin Kumar. According to him, the college would admit in arts stream all those who have secured second division at matriculation examination. Besides, the college is carrying on admission in vocational courses including BCA, BBM, Biotechnology and other faculties to cater to the needs of students, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15067541", "title": "Stranded at railway station", "text": "Nashik: Hundreds were stranded at the Nashik Road railway station on Friday after the rail mishap near Kasara paralyzed rail services on the central railway. Passengers discovered that trains were either cancelled or diverted from Manmad and Bhusawal to Mumbai.\"We wanted to catch Geetanjali Express for our journey to Tata Nagar. At present, we are content with the refund that the Railways have made available at the station,\" Sachintan Das, who was travelling with his colleague, said.Following the accident in which Vidarbha Express rammed into derailed local train, an official said that traffic in both the directions was blocked and normalcy would be restored only by Saturday. \"All long distance trains have been diverted while the short distance trains including Tapovan Express have been cancelled,\" Nashik Road Station Manager RK Kuthar said.Godavari Express, Panchvati Express, Tapovan Express, Rajya Rani and Pune Bhusawal Express stand cancelled till further notice, railway officials said, adding that the work at accident spot was going on full swing. The emergency phone number 1072 was made available. Guwahati Express, terminating at Kasara left for its scheduled journey to Guwahati while Gorakhpur and Nandigram Express, terminating at Nashik also began their return journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "15065181", "title": "Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams rules out curbs on Lord\u2019s darshan", "text": "TIRUMALA: Devotees of Lord Venkateswra can breathe easy after the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) executive board made it clear on Friday that it would not go ahead with the proposal to restrict pilgrims from having darshan only once or thrice a year on the lines of Vaishnodevi temple.Alarmed at growing number of devotees visiting Tirupati every year, TTD executive officer LV Subramanyam hinted at of restricting the number of pilgrims visiting the temple. It was then rumoured that TTD would introduce biometric machines which take fingerprints at the queue complex.At present, TTD issues 7,500 to 15,000 bio-metric tokens free and an additional 4,000 tokens at Rs 50 each everyday. It was proposed that such bio-metric tokens would restrict the entry of a devotee to the temple only once or thrice a year.As the current executive board term is coming to an end in August, speculations were rife that the TTD board meeting on Friday would take up this proposal for discussion to come out with clear guidelines.Contrary to the speculations, the executive board after the meeting dismissed any such proposal. \"This matter was not even a part of our agenda, there is no such idea as per my knowledge,\" Cheruku Mutyam Reddy, a board member, told TOI after the meeting.Sources said that TTD might have dropped the plan fearing public outcry. Also, there were not many takers within the board, including board chairman Kanumuri Bapiraju, for this proposal. \"How can we restrict the devotees, it is impossible,\" Bapiraju said before the meeting. Curiously the EO himself denied any such move. \"There is no truth in such news that we will discuss this,\" he said.Another major proposal as part of Tirumala Master Plan to install close circuitcameras all over the temple complex and the devasthanam buildings at a cost of Rs 30 crore came up for discussion but no decision has been taken in this regard.As the meeting assumed importance, contract employees of TTD staged a dharna before the executive board building.The matter was later resolved with the TTD assuring that instead of GO No 3 they would implement GO No 11 of the labour department for practical purposes. More than 10,000 TTD contract employees would benefit out of this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15064364", "title": "Maoist leader shot dead in encounter", "text": "RANCHI: Senior leader of the CPI (Maoist) Ajay Ganjhu, who was wanted in nearly 110 cases, was killed in a police encounter at remote Lakarmanda village in Kunda of Chatra district on Friday morning.Ganjhu joined the rebel outfit almost two decades ago and rose to the level of regional commander in Madhya Zonal committee of the CPI Maoists and remained operative in Chatra and Palamu district of Jharkhand and Gaya district of Bihar. He was wanted in around 110 cases pending with Chatra and Palamu districts.Chatra SP Anup Birtharay said the Maoist was instrumental in blowing up police vehicles, killing of policemen and civilians and was accused of damaging a number of government buildings and schools. On a tip-off Chatra police sent a team to Lakarmanda village where Ganjhu was supposed to be living for quite some time. \"Our police team reached early in the morning and tried to encircle him but since he fired with his 9mm pistol, police had to retaliate in which Ganjhu was killed,\" he said.After a long active phase, Ganjhu recently separated himself from movement after the senior leaders of the organization initiated proceedings against him for his illicit relationship with an underage girl. Confirming this, Birtharay said there was some dispute in the party because of his activities. \"Despite being married and father of two grown-up children, he married an underage girl, prompting his wife to commit suicide around six months back,\" he said.Madhya Zonal committee of the CPI Maoist spokesperson Paramjeet said Ganjhu was away from the party activities for over six months. \"Party issued him a show-cause notice and he was supposed to be tried according to our internal disciplinary norms for remarrying,\" he said adding that it was because of this action that Ganjhu was away from active involvement for more than six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15073973", "title": "GU committee finds irregularities galore", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A monitoring committee of Gujarat University (GU) is on the prowl these days. Not to check on academic activities but to gauge the number of empty seats in BCom colleges affiliated to GU.The committee is also probing why certain colleges are not admitting students despite having empty seats. Over 4,800 seats are empty in 48 BCom colleges in the city. In the last 10 days, committee members have found that several colleges have disregarded the merit list announced by GU authorities and violated norms giving admission to handicapped students.\"We have also found some colleges admitting students who do not fulfill the criteria to the sports quota. Our inspections have also revealed that some colleges are not admitting students and instead prefer to hold back seats so they can later accept donations and provide admissions via the backdoor,\" said a committee member.The committee members, however, are in fix these days. Despite approaching the vice chancellor's office regularly in the last four days, they are unable to get an audience with GU's top officer. \"We could not find the in-charge VC in his office on all four days,\" said a committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15066083", "title": "Public asked to inform district tourist officer about old structures", "text": "MADURAI: The next time you come across an old abandoned temple near your house, inform the district tourist officer (DTO) in Madurai.In an effort to identify and create awareness about the heritage structures in Madurai, the district administration has issued telephone numbers and email id of the DTO to be contacted in case one comes across a structures or temples, which are more than 100 years old.Talking to TOI, district collector, Anshul Mishra said the initiative would help get a clear picture of the 100-year-old buildings in Madurai. \"The idea is to identify buildings that are more than 100 years old. We have a heritage map prepared by the archaeology department and the public works department. After verification, information on the new temples or structures will be added to the existing map. This will help the tourists to get a clear picture about our heritage,\" said Mishra.The district tourist officer can be contacted either at 0452-2334757 or 9176995868.Public can also email the DTO at: touristofficemadurai@gmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15067614", "title": "NMC seeks state nod over setting up special traffic cell", "text": "Nashik: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has written a letter to the state government, seeking approval to set up a special traffic cell in the city to streamline traffic-related problems such as road maintenance, signals, parking, and street lights.The cell is to be set up in collaboration with the traffic police on the lines of those in cities like Mumbai and Pune.Civic officials pointed out that the cell would ease traffic issues especially in areas like Raviwar Karanja, M G Road, Main Road, CBS , Sharanpur Road, Gangapur Road and the Dwarka. The idea of setting up an exclusive traffic cell had been proposed during last year's NMC budgt but plans did not materialize then.Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"We are pending the state government's approval for our proposal over setting up a traffic cell. We are planning to identify parking zones in the city and I will personally be examining these locations shortly,\" Khandare added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15067531", "title": "'Locals rushed injured to hospital'", "text": "Nashik: Passengers seated in S-10 coach of the Mumbai- Gondia Vidarbha Express that crashed into the derailed local near Kasara on Thursday found can recall how in a blink of an eye, they found themselves fallen on top of co-passengers.The accident left many injured. Local people helped in rescue operations and the accident victims were admitted to a local hospital in Nashik, the injured said.The local train derailed because of a landslide only seconds before the Vidarbha Express reached there. Four persons injured in the accident were shifted to Suvidha Hospital, located at Lekha Nagar, Cidco, along the Mumbai-Agra National Highway in Nashik city.Doctors said out of the two patients discharged, one of them was serious.\"Rupesh Varabhe (32) has fracture on both legs and has been hit in the chest. There has been bleeding, but he is stable. The other patient Vasant Bhattad (47) has fractured his right leg,\" Dr Suraj Marathe, medical director of the hospital informed.Priya Varabhe (37) and Rakhi Bhattad (38) have received are out of danger and were discharged, the officials said.Doctors from the Railways in Nashik and from Kalyan, along with officials camped in the hospital all night, delivered aid that was granted to the patients injured in the accident. Rupesh Varabhe and Vasant Bhattad have been given Rs 1 lakh each while Priya and Rakhi have been given Rs 25,000 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15072384", "title": "Air space closure to affect afternoon flights at IGI airport on Saturday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's IGI airport is expected to witness some delays, even diversions, on Saturday afternoon as Delhi airspace will remain closed between 1pm and 3pm for an Indian Air Force drill.The information was provided to Delhi air traffic control only on Saturday morning, the first time that air space closure is being undertaken at such a short notice. \"The information came on Friday night but an official intimation was sent only on Saturday morning. A NOTAM (notice to airmen) has been issued to all airlines informing them about this closure but it will be difficult to reschedule flights at this point.In fact, international flights that would have taken off already and are expected to land in Delhi between 1 and 3 pm will have to be diverted,\" said airport sources.No flights will operate during these two hours, leading to a massive backlog once the closure lifts and hence delays. Passengers whose flights are scheduled for the afternoon should speak to airlines to confirm departure before they set out for the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15072740", "title": "Disputed appointment of State Information Commisioner", "text": "PANAJI: A 48- hour deadline has been served to Goa government to revoke the appointment of Pradeep Padwal as the State Information Commissioner by an activist alleging that the appointment is not in accordance with provisions of RTI Act. A legal notice has been served to the chief secretary by social activist Aires Rodrigues.In his notice Rodrigues has demanded \"In public interest the illegal and high-handed appointment of Padwal as State Information Commissioner be revoked as it was not in accordance with the Right to Information Act.\"Pointing out that Section 15(5) of the Right to Information Act requires that the Information Commissioner should have wide knowledge and experience of law, Rodrigues in his notice has alleged that Padwal had no knowledge and experience in law whatsoever and also did not possess the eminence required for the position.Stating that the State Information Commissioner would be drawing a salary equivalent to that of the Chief Secretary of around Rs 1, 20,000 a month, he has stated that it was important to ensure that the person appointed did not become a liability and embarrassment to the state for five long years.He also said that the State Information Commissioner be a person with a very sound legal background as was rightly mandated in the RTI Act itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15068945", "title": "A plate-full of traditional treat", "text": "LUDHIANA: It would not just be the sumptuous \"saawan\" recipes like \" kheer\" (sweet rice pudding), \"poores\" (sweet pancakes) and \"jeera-aloo\", but a variety of Rajasthani dishes too, would satiate the taste buds of Geetanjali Ladies Club members when the Teej celebrations begin on Saturday.Apart from the customary \"dal bati-churma\", the Rajasthani menu would include several other lip-smacking dishes for the members of this upscale club, adding to the already vibrant and customary essence of Teej.\"Ranging from traditional Rajasthani food to special dishes prepared for \"sawaan\", the buffet will add a distinct flavour to our Teej celebrations. We are expecting this to be a fun filled celebration with a Rajasthani tadka and are decorating the venue too in Rajastahni style,\" said club treasurer Komal Arora.Apart from the Rajasthani delicacies, the menu would include snacks and food items from various Indian cuisines.\"We are all very excited about Teej celebrations and are expecting to spend an unforgettable time together. Mouth-watering \"saawan\" recipes, which are not only healthy but tasty as well, would be a real treat,\" said Neha, another member of this club.\"We will get a chance to relish traditional dishes, which were prepared by our mothers and grandmothers, and are no longer cooked in our kitchens. So, Saturday's event would be a good chance to refresh our taste buds,\" said Neha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065931", "title": "Accused escapes from hospital, nabbed", "text": "PUNE: A 24-year-old accused in a narcotics case, who managed to escape from the Sassoon General Hospital early on Friday morning, was arrested in the evening by the Bibvewadi police.The Pune crime branch had arrested Kishore Madhukar Londhe, a resident of Shelkevasti, Bibvewadi, on July 16 and seized ganja from him.He was nabbed, while he was searching for a drug peddler in Bibvewadi. Londhe was then handed over to the Bibvewadi police station for investigations.Senior police inspector Shailendra Shinde of the Bibvewadi police station said Londhe was produced before a court on July 17 and was remanded in police custody for five days.\"On his way back to the police station, he complained of chest pain,\" Shinde said.He was immediately taken to the Sassoon hospital and was admitted in ward number 14 for treatment.\"We had deployed two police constables in the hospital to guard Londhe,\" Shinde said.On Friday around 6 am, one of the guards went to the toilet, while the other was sleeping.Before going to the toilet, the guard had handcuffed Londhe to the bed. When he returned, he found that Londhe was not on the bed.\"Londhe was so frail that he easily managed to extract his hand from the handcuffs,\" Shinde said.The constables alerted the control room and also informed the police station about the incident, but Londhe could not be traced.The Bibvewadi police immediately fanned out three teams. The police got information that after escaping from the hospital, Londhe had visited his house in Shelkevasti. \"We laid several traps in the area,\" Shinde added.Shinde said that in the evening the police got a tip-off that Londhe was near Shelkevasti. A police team comprising assistant police inspector B R Naikwadi, police sub-inspector Dhondiram Chavan, police constables T N Rathod, G Y Londhe, Dheeraj Bhor and S D Babare rushed to the spot and nabbed him.A senior police official said that a departmental inquiry has been initiated against the two police constables, Amol Jamdade and Raju Kadam, who were in the Sassoon hospital to guard Londhe.Meanwhile, a separate case has been registered against Londhe.Sunil Tambe, police inspector of the anti-narcotics cell of the Pune crime branch, said that he had arrested Londhe after receiving a tip-off. \"We had seized around 2 kg ganja worth Rs 10,000 from him,\" Tambe said.There is a separate ward at the Sassoon hospital to treat inmates from the Yerawada jail. The ward was set up after several instances where prisoners escaped from the hospital. But, there is no such arrangement for suspects who are arrested and need medical attention.A police officer said that ward number 27 has only inmates from the jail. Suspects in police custody are treated in the regular wards of the hospital. \"We deploy guards for such suspects,\" the officer said.Previous escapes from SassoonAugust 29, 2010: Sandalwood thieves, Subhash Shivaji Gore (41) and Dagdu Ambadas Bhosale (48), who were arrested by Shikrapur police, escaped from the Sassoon hospital .February 5, 2011: Rohidas Anant Chorge, an undertrial in a murder case escaped from the Sassoon hospital.May 7, 2011: A 27-year-old eunuch, Kiran alias Anuja Narsingh Koli (27), a resident of Kothrud, who was arrested by Pune rural police in an attempt to murder case escaped from the clutches of the police, while he was being taken to the Sassoon hospital for medical check-up. He was re-arrested by the rural police on May 9.September, 17, 2011: Yoghesh Raut, one of the main suspects in the murder of software engineer Nayana Pujari, escaped from the Sassoon hospital. Raut is still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15073898", "title": "BCCI would study police report before deciding on Rahul: Shukla", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian Premier League chairman Rajeev Shukla on Saturday said the BCCI would study the police report before taking any action against Rahul Sharma, who tested positive for drugs at a rave party in Mumbai during the fifth IPL.\"The police report will be studied before taking any action against Rahul Sharma,\" Shukla clarified.\"Only after studying the report we will proceed,\" he added.The Mumbai Police on Friday night confirmed that Rahul along with South African cricketer Wayne Parnell , who were arrested at a rave party in Juhu (Mumbai) on May 20, tested positive for drugs.Mumbai Police said that they were among the 42 who tested positive for drugs. The two cricketers were among the 100-odd people who were detained on that day.The BCCI, however, stood by the cricketer and said it would investigate the matter thoroughly before deciding the future course of action.\"I don't know why everyone is in a mood to execute Rahul Sharma without even going into the details,\" Srinivasan had said on Friday night.\"The BCCI will first procure each and every bit of relevant information and then study them before deciding on the course of action,\" he added.The Mumbai Police received reports of blood samples of 44 out of the 90 people, who had attended the sundown party at Oakwood Premier Hotel in Juhu.\"Of the 44, two females tested negative, while the rest are positive,\" Deputy Police Commissioner Pratap Dighaokar said.These 44 people include two IPL cricketers Rahul and Parnell (both played for Pune Warriors India ) and 38 women, police sources said.All those who tested positive would face arrest, another police official said, adding the procedure to arrest would start soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074281", "title": "Biriyani logo launched", "text": "Venkat Prabhu recently launched the logo of his forthcoming film, Biriyani, on Facebook. The film, starring Karthi in the lead, is being produced by Studio Green. The unit of the film has also posted pictures of the pooja launch of the film in the page, along with the title design.Biriyani is touted to be a suspense thriller, laced with Venkat's brand of humour.While Richa has been confirmed as one of the heroines of the film, talks are on with Cocktail girl Diana Penty to play the other heroine. Yuvan Shankar Raja is composing the music and Sakthi Saravanan will handle the cinematography. Praveen K. L. has been roped in as the editor. The film is also likely to star the newly-weds, Prasanna and Sneha!The shooting is scheduled to begin from mid-August in and around Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15066756", "title": "Mathura registers 57.34% voting in civic elections", "text": "LUCKNOW: The local bodies' polls in Mathura district passed off peacefully with the district recording an over all turnout of 57.34% on Friday. Voting was held in Kosi Kalan, Mathura and Vrindavan wards of Mathura Nagar Palika, besides 13 nagar panchayats. Kosi Kalan recorded 63.90% of voter turnout, which was the maximum in the district. Mathura and Vrindavan recorded 51.75% and 51% turnout respectively.Amongst the 13 nagar panchayats, Bajana recorded the maximum voter turnout of 85.33%. It was followed by Saunkh where 80.39% voters turned up to exercise their franchise. Goverdhan witnessed the lowest turnout of 61.49%.Polling in the district was extended by a day by the State Election Commission because of the presidential elections. This was the third time the SEC extended the day of polling in the district. Prior to it, the commission rescheduled the elections in the district from July 18 to July 19. tnnThe decision was taken in view of religious festivals which are celebrated in the district with much fervour during Shrawan month. State Election Commission officials said that the festivities attracted scores of tourists during the period. The commission was also informed by Mathura police about the 'Sawan-Bhadon' Mela that has already started and will last till August 12. Before that polling was postponed from July 4 following Mudiya Poono festival. It was thus clubbed with Kannauj, Auraiya, and Ramabai Nagar where elections were shifted to July 18 because of Kannauj bypolls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "15067983", "title": "445 acres of temple lands encroached in Madikeri", "text": "Madikeri: Around 445 acres belonging to four prominent muzrai temples in Kodagu have been encroached upon by the local .In a detailed letter to Kodagu deputy commissioner K M Chandregowda, legislator M C Nanaiah urged him to evict encroachers and develop historical temples. He mentioned that already the survey has been conducted and encroachers' have been identified. The district administration should step forward to vacate these lands without succumbing to any political pressures or influence. Nanaiah has urged to take action through the district task force.He also explained that the list of encroachment was prepared by the technical assistant of the DC and the assistant director of land Records has not taken any action yet. The encroachment in each case starts from 0.10 acres to10 acres.About 175 acres of land belonging to Bhagamandala Bhagandeshwara temple was encroached by 89 people, 115 acres belonging to Paluru Shri mahalingeshwara temple was encroached by 65 people, 23 people have encroached 35 acres of land belonging to Shri Omkareshwara temple at Madikeri and 120 acres of land belonging to the Kodavas' family deity Shri Padi Igguthappa temple was encroached by 52 persons, as per the investigation and survey.In response to the letter, the DC said that he has instructed the assistant commissioner Shivashankar to take necessary action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15064362", "title": "July 21 probe panel checks documents", "text": "KOLKATA: The 21 July probe commission on Friday took stock of the documents and evidences provided by the state government in connection with the police firing that killed 13 Youth Congress activists on July 21, 1993. a day before chief minister holds her mammoth Martyrs' Day rally at Esplanade on Satuday.The commission, which was supposed to hold its first hearing on Friday, had called on home secretary Basudeb Banerjee. But Banerjee, who is in Darjeeling on official work, has sought another date. The commission has asked him to appear on August 22.Even after leaving the Congress, Mamata Banerjee observes the Martyr's Day on July 21 every year. After coming to power, the chief minister has set up six commissions including the one probing the July 21 police firing. which had catapulted her as the face of the opposition in Left-ruled Bengal.Justice (retired) Sushanto Chattopadhyay, a former Chief Justice of Orissa High Court, had been appointed to probe the police firing on Youth Congress supporters near Curzon Park nearly two decades ago. The firing had killed 13 Congress activists and injured around 200.The next hearing will be on Monday, where some officers-in-charge of police stations will be called. Justice (retd) Chattopadhyay said if need arises the CM could also be asked to appear before the panel. tnnJustice (retired) Chattopadhyay said, \"The home secretary has sought another date in a letter to the commission. He has said he will be here on the next day fixed by us.\"Asked whether the chief minister would have to appear before the commission since she was the one who had called the \"march to Writers' Buildings\" on July 21, 1993, Justice (retd) Chattopadhayay said, \"Any one can be called if the commission needs his or her appearance. I recall former chief minister Prafulla Sen was called by the then Chief Justice of Calcutta high court. One institution can call another institution depending on the necessity.\" According to him, he would give his recommendations as early as possible.\"Since this is not my job and I don't wish to drag it for long. It is a responsibility I would like to get over and done with as soon as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15067162", "title": "Azam 'sorry' for Varanasi's condition", "text": "VARANASI: Urban development minister Azam Khan on Friday extended an unequivocal apology to the people of the city for the poor civic conditions and ordered chargesheeting five senior officials of the UP Jal Nigam, Varanasi Nagar Nigam and other agencies for \"turning the roads into hell by overlooking government norms\".After inspecting some parts of the city to know the ground realities, Khan said: \"Mai Banaras ke logo ke samne sharminda hoon. Aur jitna mai sharminda hua aap vishwas kijiye us sey zyada adhikariyon ko sharminda kiya hoon (I am ashamed for the pathetic condition of the holy city, and believe me I also made officials feel ashamed of the civic condition here).\"Talking to reporters at the Circuit House after touring the city, he assured that some improvement would be visible in the civic condition in the next two-three months.The district administration and VNN authorities had tried their best to give the localities the minister toured a better look, but they failed to check the foul smell coming out of the heaps of garbage covered with lime powder along the roads. This trick could not help the officials as the minister made it clear that \"outbreak of epidemics can't be prevented by covering garbage, sludge and slippery mud with lime powder\". \"Had the monsoon arrived on time and with full intensity,\" he said, \"the condition of city would have been worse.\"Targeting agencies like the UP Jal Nigam for overlooking the norms prescribed by the government for filling the trenches created for laying stormwater and sewage pipelines, the minister ordered charge-sheeting senior officials. He also ordered to realize 20% of the contract cost from contractors, who committed fault in road repairing works, as penalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074496", "title": "Naan's ready for release", "text": "Vijay Antony, the handsome music director, wanted to turn hero some years ago. He launched his debut flick Naan, an action crime thriller, and the latest we hear about it that it's now finally ready for release. It will be released next month, we hear.While the trailer of the film was launched nearly a year ago, it's only now that the audio is being launched by Gemini Audio.The film has Vijay Antony in the lead role, with Siddharth Venugopal and Rupa Manjari playing vital roles in it.The tagline of the film - No one is perfect - is said to have made heads turn and the expectations from it are high. It is learnt that the film is high on action and has a lot of musical elements in it as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15066274", "title": "Afghan woman detained in Jaipur for overstaying", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police on Friday detained a 45-year-old Afghan woman and her four children who were staying in Malviya Nagar area for the past four years without proper documents. The police asked them to report to the ministry of home affairs or the United Nation's refugee agency in Delhi on Friday.The woman, Najiba, had an approval to stay in Delhi for two years, but she moved to Jaipur in 2008 without renewing the approval.Najiba's sister Razia Sultana was detained by Bangalore police on Wednesday when the latter was attending a symposium there. Razia is said to be a popular hairstylist.\"We came to know that Najiba was staying with her four children in Malviya Nagar area for the past four years. She says she had come to Delhi with her sister Razia and then moved to Jaipur. She did not renew the documents authorizing her to stay in India,\" said Sanjay Circle police station in-charge Omprakash Joshi.Police came to know about her presence a few days ago when Najiba's son Abdul Musabir was intercepted by a night patrol team in Sanjay Circle area.\"Abdul was working as a gem stone labourer in the city. He told us that her mother is from Afghanistan. We rounded her up and quizzed her. After inspection of her documents, it came up that she was overstaying in India,\" said the officer.In cases those having refugee status in India overstays, police hand them over either to MHA or United Nation's refugee agency. The woman's two children are studying at private school in Jawahar Circle area. \"We have seized the relevant documents before the family left for New Delhi. They will either be allowed to stay further or be deported to their country,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065669", "title": "CBSE school exam students must wait for vacant seats", "text": "PUNE: Students of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), who cleared their standard X by appearing in the school exam instead of the central board exam, will now be eligible for admission to standard XI at junior colleges in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad against the seats that remain vacant at the end of the ongoing common admission process (CAP).\"We have received a letter from the state department of school education on Thursday evening stating that these students can be given admission to standard XI against vacant seats as a one-time exception this year,\" deputy director of education for Pune region Bhimrao Phadtare told reporters on Friday.The move comes as a relief for many CBSE students, particularly those from outside Maharashtra, who are seeking admission to junior colleges in the city and Pimpri Chinchwad. The Std XI CAP committee though, is not expecting a large number of such students this year compared to last year.The ongoing CAP process had started on June 14 following the declaration of the secondary school certificate (SSC, Std X) 2012 exam results by the Maharashtra state board of secondary and higher secondary education on June 13.However, the CAP committee then declared that CBSE standard X school exam pass students will not be considered eligible for admission through the centralized process owing to issues related to equivalence. The Maharashtra state education board recognizes only those standard X qualifications equivalent to its own. For instance, the CBSE board exam qualification holds an equivalence with the state board qualification, but the CBSE school exam does not.The CAP committee's decision was a source of concern to many CBSE school exam pass students and their parents as they tried to seek the admission form. The authorities had decided not to issue the forms to CBSE school exam pass students. This was in keeping with the state government's circular of June 15, 2011, restraining admission to such students.Last year too, the government had eventually allowed admissions to the CBSE school exam pass students as a 'one-time exception' after the standard XI CAP got over. This year, the deputy director's office had written a letter to the department of school education bosses in Mumbai seeking a clarification on the government's stance regarding admissions for 2012-13. \"This was necessary as the relaxation granted last year was only for that year,\" a CAP official said.Phadtare said, \"The government has now written to us that the CBSE school exam pass students be given admission to standard XI only against the seats remaining vacant at the end of the admission process. Again, this provision is applicable only for 2012-13.\"Fergusson College vice-principal Rekha Palshikar, a key member of the CAP committee, said, \"A far lesser number of CBSE Std X students have opted for the school exam instead of the central board exam this year considering the problems they faced last year. We do not expect too many applications against the vacant seats.\"What should Eligible CBSE students doThe CBSE standard X board exam pass students will have to furnish an undertaking, on a Rs 100 stamp paper, at the time of confirming their admission at the allotted junior college, stating that their admission will be subject to the grant of eligibility by the Maharashtra state education board. The state board will consider the equivalence of these students qualifications by scrutinizing their documents like mark sheets and board certificates before granting eligibility to the students. The admission will be deemed as cancelled if the student fails to secure the eligibility.This year, a total of 2,206 CBSE board exam students have applied for admission to Std XI seats under the CAP. Of these, 1,219 students have applied for science stream, 515 for commerce English medium stream and 84 for arts English medium stream. Another 388 students had applied for the bifocal science stream seats for which the counseling-based table round admissions were completed on July 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15067161", "title": "\u2018Children Parliament fine experiment of democratic setup\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: With a slogan of 'five trees, oxygen free', the first session of the newly constituted Children's Parliament began at Vishal Bharat Sansthan in Lalapura area on Friday. A 10-member delegation of South Korean nationals, who also watched the proceedings of the children's parliament, was impressed with the concern of children about environment. It was the third elected parliament of children. Earlier elections were held in 2008 and 2010. It is a parliament of children between the age of 6-13.\"It is impressive to see the children worried about the deteriorating environment. This parliament is definitely a fine experiment of democratic setup,\" said Hang Soon Lee, the programme manager of Asian Bridge, South Korea. Initiating the proceedings, the newly elected speaker Afreen expressed her concern over the condition of children and demanded proper security for them.One of the members, Garima Gupta raised the issue of the protection of trees while another member, Ili expressed her concern on the destruction of environment in the name of development. It was resolved that people should be motivated to plant at least five trees to save the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15067589", "title": "Three held with 9 lakh \u2018hawala\u2019 money, ED may take over probe", "text": "CHENNAI: The North Beach police on Thursday arrested three men in Muthialpet with alleged \" hawala\" money of 9.37 lakh.A raid was conducted based on a tip-off and A Mohammad Farooq (50), A Khadar Sultan (48) and M Allah Pichai (48) of Ilayankudi were arrested from a house on Savari Muthu Street.They claimed to have bought foreign goods in bulk but they did not have proper accounts to support their claim, said an investigating officer.Police are investigating from whom they obtained the money. Several blank cheques were seized from the three. Sources said that during the last week the three reportedly made 3 crore in several deals. A case was filed under CrPC Sections 41 and 102 and the three were remanded in judicial custody.The case is likely to be referred to the Enforcement Directorate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15066404", "title": "Former militant returns to J&K; from PoK", "text": "JAMMU: A 34-year-old former militant was detained along with his wife and three kids after they returned to there native Poonch in Jammu &amp; Kashmir from Pakistan via Nepal, the Jammu &amp; Kashmir police said on Friday.Several former militants, stranded in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir, have returned to Jammu &amp; Kashmir since the government announced an amnesty policy for those, who abjure violence and pledge their allegiance to India.Poonch SSP Shamsheer Hussain said the four were detained after a police team intercepted an Uttar Pradesh registration number vehicle. \"They failed to give satisfactory replies to the police party.\"He identified the four as Sarfaraz Ahmed, his Pakistan wife, Shaheen Akhter, and their children, Arshad, Tabinda and Mujtaba, aged between two and seven. \"Sarfaraz is a resident of Hari Safeda in Surankote.\"A police officer said Sarfaraz, a former Hizbul Mujahideen cadre, has revealed that he had crossed over to PoK in 1999 for arms training. \"The ultra changed his loyalty towards Hizbul Mujhadeen (Pir Panjal Range), an offshoot of the terror outfit,\" he said. \"He returned in 2001 but again crossed over to PoK a year later. Police are verifying his claims that he had come via Nepal.\"The government has designated four entry points - Poonch and Uri in J&K; Wagah in Punjab and New Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport from where the youth can enter the state as part of the rehabilitation policy. But many ex-militants opt for Nepal route to avoid paper work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15067871", "title": "Illegal mining: Hiremath to file IA", "text": "Hubli: NCPNR founder president S R Hiremath said that the Samaj Parivartana Samudaya will file a comprehensive IA ( Interlocutory Application) shortly in the Supreme Court to bring pending matters related to illegal mining to logical conclusion. Speaking to reporters here on Friday, Hiremath said that Samaj Parivartana Samudaya, who's PIL has brought illegal mining to a halt in the state, settled the survey and demarcation of 176 mines ending boundary disputes. \"Now we are filing an IA shortly in the SC to bring pending and related matters to the logical conclusion,\" he said. Satyagraha on August 9 Hiremath said that they will hold a mega satyagraha on August 9 in Bellary to take on corrupt politicians and officials with the theme \"Brashtare Saarvajanika Jeevana Bittu Tolagi\" (the corrupt must quit public life).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15067558", "title": "Samaritan seeks compensation", "text": "Nashik: Samadhan Balasaheb Gheore (22), who was travelling in the Vidarbha Express as an attendant in an air-conditioned coach and was injured in the mishap, helped in rescuing people trapped in the dislocated coaches. He even accompanied four injured persons to Nashik and admitted them to a private hospital. However, Samadhan, who ignored his own internal injuries while rescuing those injured, is now waiting for the railway authorities to recognize him as a victim too, making him eligible for compensation and treatment.According to Samadhan, when the train came to a screeching halt and a bang threw everyone off their seats, he was in the air-conditioned coach. He, too, was thrown by the sudden jerk that led to internal injuries on his waist and thigh. He joined the volunteers who jumped out from other coaches to see what had happened. It was then that a group of seven people, including Samadhan, rushed to help. Samadhan, who escorted the four injured to hospital, complains of being given secondary treatment by railway authorities.Samadhan is working on contract for On Board Hospitality Services ( OBHS) for the railways. \"We pulled out number of people from the two bogeys and at the same time carried those who could not move,\" said Samadhan. \"He was limping all the time. We asked him about his health, but he said he was fine. Later he started complaining of pains and when inspected we found him suffering from a pain which often results when one lifts something heavy with a jerk,\" Dr Suraj Marathe, medical director of Suvidha Hospital said. Doctors have diagnosed him with pelvic inflammatory disease.Samadhan said that the pain had been there since he fell in the compartment after the jerk. However, it aggravated as time went by. The railways team however shifted the Varabhe's to Mumbai and left Samadhan on his own to reach Mumbai.Anil Gheore, Samadhan's cousin working in Ambad, Nashik said that they received a call from Samadhan after the accident. \" We expect the Railways to treat him as an accident victim like the others who were injured,\" he said.The local railway officials said that they were documenting the findings and would be able to comment only after the seniors decided on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066353", "title": "Expert panel to probe Eastern Freeway bridge collapse", "text": "MUMBAI: An independent committee of experts will probe whether Thursday's collapse of 13 concrete segments on the under-construction elevated Eastern Freeway was due to a technical snag or human error.Wadala police have already booked the project contractor Simplex Infrastructure for the mishap that killed one and injured seven. The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), which is funding the project, has warned of stricter action against the contractor. The MMRDA also announced Rs 5 lakh as compensation to the dead labourer and Rs 1 lakh and above for the injured, depending upon the severity of their injuries, which it said will be paid by the contractor.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said the organisation is already in the process of blacklisting Simplex Infrastructure, the contractor, for the next two years. He said it had started the process soon after a concrete portion of the under-construction Lalbaug flyover collapsed in April 2012, injuring a commuter. \"We have already issued a show-cause notice to Simplex,\" said Asthana, pointing out that the Eastern Freeway work was awarded to Simplex before the company was proposed to be blacklisted.The panel of experts is also likely to review safety aspects of the construction and the rescue and disaster management work after the mishap.Preliminary observations of engineers and senior officials of MMRDA shortlisted two causes for the mishap. \"It may have been structural failure of the steel truss. Perhaps it broke in the middle, leading to the segments falling. But its chances are remote as the truss has a huge load capacity,\" said Asthana. He said the second possibility was that the truss lost its balance after one of its bases slipped from the pillars. \"An independent committee of experts, which will be appointed in a day or two, will look into all aspects of engineering that went wrong and submit its report to the MMRDA. The line of action will be decided on studying the report,\" Asthana told media after reviewing the mishap site. While the first theory of the truss breaking into pieces will imply technical failure, slipping of the truss from the pillars will indicate a possibility of human error in properly placing the truss on the pillars.The deceased was identified as Suraj Mukherjee (40), a worker at the project site. Four of the injured remained critical, one of them was operated upon at KEM for blood clots in the brain. The three others injured are not serious but were under observation at Sion Hospital. Barkat Ali Road, which has been shut for traffic due to the rescue operations, will be reopened in a day or wto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15063439", "title": "No reins on auto rogues", "text": "KOLKATA: Former police officers believe the auto rickshaw driver who allegedly molested and beat up a woman and drove her forcibly to his neighbourhood deserved stricter punishment and should not have been let off on bailable charges.Since the woman had been heckled and molested in full public view - and in the presence of a home-guard - the police should have rounded up all the offenders and slapped abduction charges on them, say some officers who held very senior posts.This would have served as a deterrent for future offenders, said retired IPS officer Tapen Chattopadhyay. \"It's not always enough to just frame charges. It's also important and necessary to keep the gravity of the offence in mind. The police can't guide the complainants or influence them. But they should also realise that letting off such serious offenders lightly might encourage similar criminal acts in future,\" said Chattopadhyay.The fact that a homeguard was witness to the incident but didn't take any action made it even more serious. \"I was shocked to learn of the incident. Even more shocking is the fact that the auto driver has been let off on bail. He had forcibly taken away the woman from the spot and should have been charged with abduction, which is a non-bailable offence. But he was not. Are we encouraging such crimes?\" asked S Ramakrishnan former ADG (CID).Former DGP Bhupinder Singh felt the law was too soft to book such heinous criminals. \"The police's hands are tied and the culprits are let off without much action. The only way out is to create media pressure and mobilize public opinion so that the law is made more stringent,\" said Singh.The auto menace is one thing that hasn't changed in the city despite the poribartan. Most auto drivers still fleece passengers, raise fares at will, break every rule in the traffic book, drive dangerously, take five passengers or even more and force them to endure ear-splitting 'music'.Police don't dare touch the highly unionised auto operators. During the Left Front regime, most auto-operators were affiliated to the CPM's trade union wing Citu. With the change in regime, they shifted en masse from Citu to Trinamool's Inttuc.\"These factors have emboldened autos so much that they now dare abduct a passenger,\" wondered Shankar Panda, who was beaten up by an auto driver when he protested against being dropped half-way at Tollygunge.The Trinamool Congress government, too, has failed to rein in the auto fleet. It set up a special committee to fix fares, keep tabs on unauthorised auto-routes and find out ways to make them fall in line. The committee will also look into commuters' complaints against autorickshaw operators. But so far, everything has remained on paper only.Across the city, auto unions take the liberty of fixing fares at their will. Since the government does not decide three-wheeler fares, as it does for buses and taxis, auto drivers fleece passengers. Commuters on VIP Road and in Salt Lake are overcharged quite regularly. On the Ultadanga-Baguiati route, auto drivers often charge up to Rs 10 extra, citing traffic snarls around Kestopur.\"If we were to book autos for all the violations, the Kolkata Police coffers would be overflowing,\" said a senior police officer. \"It is extremely rare to find an auto driver who follows traffic rules. New drivers see veterans break rules with impunity and act similarly. Though a crackdown is desperately needed to prevent complete anarchy on the streets, we have been unable to act owing to various factors, including the political patronage they enjoy,\" the officer added.What irks him and others is that despite the goonda raj of autos that has everyone in trouble, politicians of all hues rush to their aid. The argument always is that since the auto drivers are poor, their cases need to be dealt with sympathetically.While autos on the Orient Row-Chandni Chowk route are the biggest nuisance and any action anywhere leads to road blockades at Park Circus Bridge No. 4 (there have been a dozen in the past six months), other trouble-prone routes are Ultadanga-Ahiritola, Sealdah-Beliaghata and Kadapara-MG Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "raising the spirit", "code": "15055759", "title": "A salsa night in Delhi", "text": "RAISING THE SPIRIT: A salsa night was organized at Smoke House Grill recently, where Delhiites got to shake a leg and display their salsa skills with their partners.Sunil Chopra kept cheering for the dancers, apart from playing the DJ. He even brought a few salsa instruments like clave and maracas along with him.He told us, \"I have brought these instruments along with me to raise the spirit of the party.\" Michele, who was dancing along with friend Divya, said, \"Quite a good number of dancers have turned up today, and it's great to see so many people interested in salsa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15067368", "title": "Lawyers divide over issue of strike", "text": "KANPUR: Fissures appeared between the office-bearers of Kanpur Bar Association on Friday over the issue of strike in the district court.KBA general secretary Peeyush Awasthi said that the strike was called because a cop misbehaved and manhandled the association president near Colonelganj police station. The lawyers abstained from judicial proceedings.KBA president Ramendra Katiyar clarified that a cop had misbehaved with him but it was his fault as he had jumped the traffic signal at the crossing. It was a minor incident. Therefore, there was no reason to go on strike. Lawyers had worked in the courts. Katiyar said he himself had appeared in a criminal court to argue a case.Confusion prevailed and most of the lawyers did not turn up before the court.According to Katiyar, his car had jumped the traffic signal at Chunniganj crossing and traffic constable hit the bonnet by his hand. After some heated arguments, the cop tried to pull the key of his car.DIG Amitabh Yash had immediately suspended the cop.As soon as he reached the court, he found that a note on the notice board that in protest against the misconduct with the KBA president, the lawyers would abstain from judicial work.He asked the staff to remove the notice and started his work.The general secretary was not available for comment but other KBA office-bearers like Naresh Tiwari, and Krishna Jha claimed it as a serious offence and a case of contempt of apex court, which had directed that lawyers should be dealt gracefully. The cop had misbehaved and manhandled Katiyar and it could not be tolerated.KBA president said in the evening that he had pledged that he would not allow strikes in the court during his term on trivial issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074037", "title": "Rana\u2019s makes his Tamil debut with Ongaram", "text": "It is already known that Daggubati Rana's forthcoming film Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is a bilingual. And the news is that the film is titled \"Ongaram\" in Tamil. The film is coming at a time when bilinguals are gaining currency in Telugu.Rana was supposed to start his Tamil innings with Silambarasan's Vettai Mannan, but the actor later walked out of the film due to unknown reasons. Ongaram director Krish has already made his Tamil debut with Vaanam (remake of Vedam) and this time it'll be Rana's turn to expand footprint.Rana will be seen in the role of a B.Tech Babu and Nayanthara will be playing the role of a documentary director. Mani Sharma is composing the music for this film, which is produced by Jagarlamudi Sai Babu under First Frame Entertainments banner. This mass entertainer is currently being shot in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "deoghar", "code": "15064293", "title": "Deoghar pedas made of stale 'khowa', sent to labs for test", "text": "DEOGHAR: Complaints of adulterated \"pedas\" offered as \"prasad\" at the Baidyanath Dham temple here have prompted the food inspection cell to collect 55 samples of the sweet from various shops. The samples have been sent to laboratories in Dhanbad and results are expected in a couple of days.Around 15 lakh people eat the \"pedas\" (made of khowa and sugar) throughout the year. As it is the main \"prasad\" of the Baidyanath Dham, all \"kanwariyas\" buy it. \"Around 7 to 8 lakh 'kanwariyas' have visited the shrine so far. As the 'peda' is distributed to family and friends of the 'kanwariyas', over 15 lakh people will eat 'pedas' this year,\" said Shiv Shankar Panda, a senior priest.The crude process of \"peda\" preparation bares it all. Prior to sackfuls of \"khowa\" landing at the confectioners in Deoghar, rats run over it and cockroaches scuttle through them in trains as well as at railway stations. These sacks can be found dumped at Jasidih station (the main railway station in Deoghar) throughout the month-long Shravani Mela.The \"khowa\" tends to sour in 24 hours. \"But the 'khowa' that the sweet shops are using is always more than 24 hours old,\" said a priest.Over 80% confectioners are using \"khowa\" brought from Gwalior as it is cheaper. Deoghar is roughly 900 km from Gwalior. It takes around 15 to 20 hours to reach Deoghar from Gwalior. Included in it should be the time a bag of \"khowa\" rots at various points before it is dumped on a train in Gwalior.The bags of \"khowa\" undergo extreme conditions in the hands of loaders at Jasidih station. The shortage of labourers at times forces the bags to rot for hours together, making the ingredient a feast for rats. Finally the sacks are carried on rickshaws to its destination, the wholesalers' godown, where some sacks are sold immediately while many languish as confectioners indulge in haggling before purchase.Vinay Keshari, a wholesaler, did agree that at times some of the sacks turn sour and are lost because of mishandling. But many wholesalers sell these sour bags of \"khowa\" at a discount.The Gwalior \"khowa\" is sold at Rs 120 to Rs 150 per kg. The local \"khowa\" prepared by milkmen in Deoghar district also comes under the same price tag. The costliest \"khowa\" is brought from Chandauli district (Mughalsarai) in Uttar Pradesh. It is sold at Rs 160 to Rs 180 per kg. But then there are only a few takers for the Chandauli produce. The \"khowa\", which is brought from Mursidabad in West Bengal , is also of poor quality and sold at Rs 130 to Rs 150 per kg.\"All these 'khowas' turn sour within 24 hours though the Mughalsarai khowa is an exception,\" said a wholesaler.\"'Peda' is a mass food thanks to its reach to lakhs of people. Any adulteration in it can lead to mass sufferings,\" said Durlav Mishra alias Kaliya Panda who is the general secretary of the Panda Dharma Rakshini Sabha.But in the mad rush of minting money, around 400 permanent and temporary \"peda\" shop owners do not care a hoot about the quality. Last year, the food inspectors had lodged FIRs against several confectioners for selling adulterated sweets.Deoghar deputy commissioner Rahul Kumar Purwar said instructions had already been issued to food inspectors. The district administration has fixed Rs 230 as the maximum ceiling for one kg of pedas. However the government price limit is being ignored by almost all and pedas are being sold even for Rs 260 per kg. \"It will be checked,\" said Purwar.Civil surgeon Dr R N Prashad said, \"Even if a minor impurity or adulteration is found in the peda samples, legal action will be taken against the sellers.\" Lab reports are expected in a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15068927", "title": "Back from an \u2018awe-inspiring\u2019 odyssey", "text": "LUDHIANA: A warm welcome from the Cycle of Health and Happiness Club awaited city cyclist Vijay Mittar, 56, and his Mumbai-based friends Rajesh Sharma, 49, and Deepak Digambar, 42, as they returned from their 35-day cycling trip to Leh Ladakh. A resident of Kichlu Nagar, Mittar ahd joined his friends in the city when they reached here from Satara in Maharashtra on their cycles, starting on June 15.Rajesh and Deepak belong to Karad village in Satara, Maharashtra, and they covered a distance of over 1,900km to reach Ludhiana. From here, the trio cycled the last leg of their trip to Leh. Rajesh and Deepak will cover a distance of over 4,500km during their trip as they reach Satara. Members of Cycle of Health and Happiness Club not only listened to the cyclists experience with eager ears, but also went on a joy ride with them at Punjab Agricultural University campus.A warm welcome from the Cycle of Health and Happiness Club awaited city cyclist Vijay Mittar, 56, and his Mumbai-based friends Rajesh Sharma, 49, and Deepak Digambar, 42, as they returned from their 35-day cycling trip to Leh Ladakh.Mittar said the people along the way were benevolent and caring and, \"Were amazed to know that I had joined my friends from Ludhiana and they have been cycling from Mumbai.\"He added, \"We were offered food and a place to stay at all the stops. We did not need to open our camping kit at all.\"Deepak, owner of a construction company, said he has lost over 10kg so far. \"But I am also excited as I feel I can do anything on this earth now. I feel fitter and healthier,\" he added.Rajesh told the members about the tedious and awe-inspiring terrain and guided them about cycling through such risky route. \"The truck drivers, however, showed a lot of concern, as they would stop and offer to take us along with our cycles,\" he added.Cyclists from the club who enjoyed the joy ride and interacted with the trio included Digvijay Singh (27) from South Model Gram, Ashnoor Sidhu (16) from Bharat Nagar Chowk, Himanshu Marjara (30) from Vikas Nagar, Manny Panday (16), from Maya Nagar, Parminder Singh (38) from Maharaj Nagar and club president Devinder Nagi, (37) from Model Gram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15066733", "title": "Kin of hospitalized staff await news of recovery", "text": "GURGAON: Anxious family members and friends of the hospitalized victims, who were injured at the Maruti Suzuki India Ltd. Manesar plant, on Wednesday, are still waiting to hear some positive news from the doctors.Till Friday evening, 33 employees were still admitted in various hospitals in the city.While 11 are in Artemis, nine are in Medanta, four in Columbia Asia and two are in Paras hospital. Till late in the evening, three employees including a chief general manager were in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) and were shifted to private rooms by night.Doctors treating the patients said that the physical injuries would heal in sometime, but it would take months for the employees to overcome the psychological trauma they went through.\"Ninety-five per cent of the injuries sustained by the employees are waist upwards, on the arms and torso. They are all between the age group of 35 and 50 years. Most of them had severe injuries on their head and hands, caused by blunt objects. However, there were no cases of burn injuries. At least nine patients, who came to our hospital, had to undergo surgery, including reconstructive operation,\" said Dr Vishal Sehgal, head, emergency and trauma services, Artemis hospital.\"By 9pm on Wednesday, 36 employees were admitted at our hospital. All the employees including the two Japanese employees are now stable but are under severe shock. We might discharge them in a couple of days,\" he added. The doctor further added that when MSIL CEO Shinzo Nakanishi visited the employees on Thursday, the officials told him that the workers clearly wanted to kill them.The chief general manager C S Raju, who was in the ICU till Friday evening, has not been informed about the death of Awanish Kumar Dev, the general manager of human resources. \"He is still in a state of shock and is not talking much. I came to know about the incident around 9 pm, on Wednesday. I was told that he escaped death, by protecting himself with a chair. We are hoping that he recovers soon,\" said his wife. Family members of 28-year-old Raveesh Goswami, a quality assurance manager at the plant, rushed from Hisar, after learning about the gruesome incident from his friends.\"His nose is broken and so are his ribs. He is still having excruciating pain and is not able to move his body. We believe, the entire incident was pre-planned and proper action should be taken against the culprits,\" said Abhishek Goswami, his elder brother.MSIL officials said that the 33 supervisors and managers are undergoing treatment for critical injuries.\"The operations will not begin tomorrow as the priority for the company is the care of the injured supervisors and managers. Besides, the company has to assess the damage to the facilities and offices caused by the violence on Wednesday,\" said a statement issued by the company, on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15068971", "title": "Controversy dogs meet on Madras university VC panel", "text": "CHENNAI: A special syndicate meeting of the University of Madras on Friday to select the three-member search committee for a new vice-chancellor turned out to be a battle between academicians and government representatives. At the end of it, the government faction got its candidate elected to the search panel through a voting process that the academicians termed a \"violation of university rules\".The governor's three-member search panel has to select a successor to vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam, whose tenure ends in the first week of October. The panel comprises a representative of the university syndicate, another from the senate and the third is a nominee of the governor, also the chancellor of the university. The point of contention at the Friday meeting was whether proxy members could cast votes. The academicians' group said three proxy members representing the state government, who attended the meeting on behalf of their higher officials, cast their votes.Chapter 19 of the University of Madras Act (Section B, page 324) says, \"All members present at the meeting shall be entitled to vote. No vote shall be given by proxy.\" A syndicate member said this rule had been violated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15065447", "title": "Road repairs under scanner", "text": "NAGPUR: Realizing huge mess in road works, officiating municipal commissioner Saurabh Rao has directed officials of Nagpur Municipal Corporation's ( NMC) public works department and zone offices to provide details of work done in the past along with proposal for repairing/asphalting these roads.It was noticed that condition of some roads had become worse within a year of repairing. The liability period for every road is supposed to be two years as lakhs of rupees are spent on repair works. In some cases, the repair work was undertaken within the liability period.In order to ensure quality work along with better utilization of public money, Rao, in a circular dated July 11, issued directives to comply with three conditions while preparing any work order. \"Submit in detail about the year in which the work was undertaken on the respective road before this. Give details about present condition of the respective road along with photographs. Mention width, length and cost of constructing the respective road along with the name of contractor. No file should be passed without fulfilling these three conditions,\" directed Rao.However, BSP corporator Kishor Gajbhiye has objected to these conditions saying that proposals will be delayed if past record of any road work is searched in detail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15077184", "title": "Kelly Brook checked out Thom Evans' hot pics before dating", "text": "Kelly Brook pulled a cunning stunt by checking out boyfriend Thom Evans hot pictures before agreeing to date the former rugby star.The 32-year-old model bought one of Evans' naked promotional calendars to check out the goods.\"I do know that she went out with her friends and got my calendar when we first got together. So maybe that sealed the deal. I don't know,\" the Daily Star quoted Evans as telling Attitude magazine.The 6ft 2in stud also revealed exactly what happens in the lads' changing rooms.\"We have so much fun in the changing rooms, banter and that.\"People think you all must be gay because you don't mind getting naked with each other.\"I had this conversation with my girlfriend a while ago and I couldn't explain it to her either,\" he saidEvans was quick to point out that not all rugby lads get their manhood out on a night down the local boozer.\"I have never got my kn*b out in public, except for that calendar shoot.\"But I've seen it happen and I can't explain why,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15065946", "title": "Elephants cause maximum loss of human lives: MoEF", "text": "LUCKNOW: Man-animal conflicts are common in various parts of the country. In India, wild elephants probably kill far more people than tiger, leopard or lion. But, surprisingly, human conflict involving leopard draws great amount of public attention compared to other animals. Other carnivores - tigers, lions and wolves, which have been known for causing a large number of human deaths in the past, are now mostly restricted in range and their impact is not as widespread as that of the leopard.The Centre supplements the financial resources available with the states/union territories' governments for the purpose by providing limited funds under the centrally sponsored schemes of 'Project Tiger', 'Project Elephant' and 'Integrated Development of Wildlife Habitats'.Seriousness of Man-Animal Conflict in India: In India, man-animal conflict is seen across the country in a variety of forms, including monkey menace in the urban areas, crop raiding by ungulates and wild pigs, depredation by elephants, and cattle and human killing by tigers and leopards. Damage to agricultural crops and property, killing of livestock and human beings are some of the worst forms of man-animal conflict.Reasons for conflict: The increase in man-animal conflict is likely due to the greater resilience and adaptability of wild animals in face of their shrinking habitats, which allow them to live successfully close to human habitation. Degradation of habitats, depletion of the natural prey base, changing crop patterns, suitability of man modified habitats to wild animals, presence of stray dogs and cattle in forest fringe areas etc are other reasons. Crops like sugarcane and tea estates are reported to provide excellent cover for wild animals.Measures initiated by the government include: Providing assistance to state governments for improvement of habitat to augment food and water availability and to reduce movement of animals from the forests to the habitations, encouraging state governments for creation of a network of protected areas and wildlife corridors for conservation of wildlife. Providing technical and financial support for development of necessary infrastructure and support facilities for immobilisation of problematic animals through tranquilisation, their translocation to the rescue centres or release back to the natural habitats. Some IT devices such radio collars with very high frequency, global positioning system and satellite uplink facilities, are being used by the research institutions including Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun, state forest departments and the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) to monitor the movement of lions, tigers, elephants, Olive Ridley turtles, and other wild animals to understand their movements and their use pattern of the habitat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15064395", "title": "Private hostels with better facilities woo students in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: It's not only the schools and colleges which are humming with activities at the beginning of a new academic session, private hostels are also abuzz with the chatter of fresh students who have found a home away from home in the city.There's a huge rush for seats in the hostels. \"It's only July and the seats in my hostel are full. There is no such advance booking but parents generally start inquiring from June. There are many good technical colleges here like XISS and BIT. School students from Bokaro, Hazaribag and many other places are also coming for hostel. Their sessions start by the end of June. All this makes a huge rush. We have a capacity of 100 seats but only three or four seats are empty now and the rest are booked,\" said Simi Verma, the owner of a private hostel. \"We have our own website so it is easy for parents to know about our hostel facilities and book the seats. We have three-seater rooms for which we charge Rs 5,000 including food.\"Hostels are like another home for children when they step out from the comfort zone of their parents. Parents try to ensure that their children get at least the minimum requirements, if not all like home.Many hostels do have better arrangements for girls as they are aware that more facilities will attract more boarders. Talking about the facilities Verma said, \"Geyser, washing machine, wi-i connection, television, fridge are provided and cleanliness is taken care of in our hostel. We even tell the girls to prepare a month-long food menu of their choice. For those who don't have laptops, there is an arrangement for an internet cafe where seven to eight computers are provided. We provide meals four times a day with tea and snacks in the evening.\"Girls are also happy with the arrangements. \"The food here is good and the dining hall is spacious and hygienic. We have a lawn so after having food, we can even take a stroll in the lawn and chat,\" said Sheetal, a BIT student.Hostels try to provide a homely atmosphere by celebrating all the festivals. \"We celebrate fresher's day, farewells and other festivals from Diwali to Saraswati Puja. The girls themselves decide how to organize the parties or any festival,\" said Parul Singhal, owner, of a girls hostel.For the girls, safety is the first thing which is taken care of in all the hostels. Most of the hostels have fixed 6.30pm as the deadline to enter for the last time. \"We usually have college and school students because the timing of the working girls creates a problem. In cases of tuitions or coaching, the girls inform us and get a certificate from their institute and then a guard is sent to bring them back to the hostel. We have 24 hours guards on the premises,\" said Kaushik Chakrabarty, who owns a private girls' hostel.However, there are some hostels which are not up to the mark. The rooms are not spacious, nor are basic facilities including hygiene provided to the boarders. \"They charge us Rs 4,500 to Rs 4,700 but the arrangements are not good whereas other hostels are charging Rs 5,000 and providing good food and facilities. The hostel has four floors but there is no lift facility. The most important is food which is not at all good and even if we are hungry our appetite dies after seeing the food,\" said a hostel boarder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15064596", "title": "Bamboo plantation halted after Tritiya Prastuti Committee's money demand", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Bamboo plantation work at Temrai in Palamu's Chainpur forest range has come to a standstill since July 16 following resistance from Tritiya Prastuti Committee (TPC) members over collection of ransom. Over 60 labourers have become jobless for this.In 50 hectares of forest land, plantation of 21,500 bamboos at an estimated cost of nearly Rs 6 lakh has to be done. But the TPC has opposed it demanding money, said a source.Ranger of Chainpur forest Kumar Narender said he got a call on his cellphone from a TPC member who asked him to visit him with the estimate of the bamboo plantation and warned him not to carry out any plantation till he met him.The ranger said, \"The TPC cadres have driven away labourers engaged in bamboo plantation at Temrai and have warned them not to resume the plantation till the issue is settled.\"Narender said he was determined not to visit any TPC cadre. \"Higher officials have been apprised of the situation. No FIR has been lodged,\" he said.According to the ranger, the labourers are annoyed with the TPC for stopping the work and depriving them of their wages.Narender said the women labourers even threatened the TPC cadres not to knock at their doors for meals now.The Naxalites enjoy free food in villages. The modus operandi is that if there is a contingent of 20 rebels, they ask for food on the principle of \"each one feeds one\". But the halt in bamboo plantation forced the TPC to become isolated as labourers are worried that once the rainy season is over, there can be no plantation at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15068549", "title": "For these kids, lunch is street food", "text": "BANGALORE: There's piping hot bisi bele bath on their plates, garnished with khara boondi , and the children are obviously relishing their meal \u2014 a scene to warm your heart.But in this case, the heart would skip a beat. The lunch is laid out on the road in front of the school, as vehicles zip by and people glare at the children for being a public nuisance.This is an everyday scene at Shree Lakshmi Ranganath Vidya Trust, 3rd Cross, Jyothi Nagar, Chandra Layout, in West Bangalore. At 12.15pm, around 200 children of classes 1 to 7 come out on to the road next to their school for the muchawaited midday meal. A sheet is spread for the primary school children to sit. As senior students man the area, teachers serve lunch to children who queue up hungrily.The students sit neatly in a row on the sheet. The older children, who do not have the luxury of the sheet, sit on the tarred road. As the joy of good food and free time spreads, 3rd Cross is abuzz with activity.In the meantime, vehicles come by. Two-wheelers can sneak in between the buzzing children \u2014 as four did during the half-hour break. If a four-wheeler rolls down, as one did when TOI visited the spot, the children are quickly moved to a corner. The entire exercise is fraught with danger and the possibilities are many: a speeding car, a vehicle out of control or a child darting across at the wrong second could spell disaster.A building is under construction next door, but this is blissfully ignored, though cement, sand and dust cloud the air.IT'S TEMPORARY: HEADMASTERThe Kannada medium school gets aid from the government and the midday meal scheme was started by an NGO this year. The headmaster, who was supervising the lunch hour, told TOI this is a temporary arrangement.\"We are readying a hall to serve lunch. Construction will soon begin . As of now, we don't have a specific place for it. If we serve lunch in classrooms, cleaning up will take us another hour and will be a waste of time. This is only the 17th day that we have received midday meals. Since it came up suddenly this year, we could not ready the room. This road is not a busy one. We are not causing much public inconvenience. We know this is wrong, but it's not a permanent arrangement,\" headmaster Muralidhar M told TOI.Devaki R, a parent who did not want to reveal her real name, said: \"My child does not eat here. But it's sad that the school is making them sit on the road. For them, there's no other option, but serving by the roadside is not the answer.\"\"It's a great government initiative to give the children food. But it's not hygienic to serve food on the road. It is also dangerous, and the road gets blocked during the lunch break,\" said Bipin Bekal, a freelance photographer and local who has watched this strange lunch hour week after week.TIMES VIEWThe midday meal is a healthy initiative in government schools, but not if it is served on the street. It may be a temporary arrangement - though it isn't clear how long the arrangement will last - but what matters is that the children's health and safety are at stake. A lunch laced with dust and pollution could play havoc with their system, and a speeding vehicle could spell disaster. The school would do better to serve lunch indoors and clean up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074039", "title": "Dulquer\u2019s next, not on Indiana Jones", "text": "Buzz was that, Martin Prakkat's next with star kid Dulquer Salmaan will be on the lines of Indiana Jones. However, the director denies it. \"Those are just rumours. My movie is not about Indiana Jones; it's not an adventure film,\" says the director.He also adds that the movie will be delayed. \"I'm yet to complete the scripting and we are planning to start it only by September. It will be a fun film,\" shares Martin. The director hopes to cast a fresh face as the heroine.The scripting is done by Martin along with four of his friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15064883", "title": "CMC's first general body meeting a stormy affair", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Auctioning of shops in under construction building of the corporation at Gandhi chowk and formation of zone offices in the town rocked the house during the first general body meeting of Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) on Friday. With much reluctance, the house approved implementation of local body tax (LBT) and decided to keep proposal for modernization of historic Gol Bazaar pending.The meeting started on a stormy note due to lack of desks in front of some corporators in the meeting hall. Taking strong objection to it, two NCP corporators decided to sit on the floor of the house. Two BJP corporators also joined them. They also criticized mayor Sangita Amrutkar, who chaired the meeting, for not wearing customary Mayor's gown (apron) and lack of mace at her side. It may be noted that the meeting hall of newly formed corporation is small and cannot accommodate desks for all corporators. Similarly, it was neglect on part of the administration in providing necessary mace and customary gown for the mayor, the corporators claimed.A total of 13 subjects came up for discussion before the house. Corporator Sanjay Vaidya strongly objected to auctioning of shops at under construction building of CMC at Gandhi chowk claiming irregularities in the work. Despite explanation from the commissioner and the chief officer that all necessary approvals for construction have been taken, Vaidya insisted that the building was illegal, hence scheduled auctioning of shop should be stalled. However, following backing of the ruling corporators, auctioning of 22 shops in the under construction building was approved with majority vote.During a discussion, strong objection were raised against the wards included under different zones. Following this, the house decided to reformulate the zones. Corporators will later interact with the corporation officers and suggest the convenient zone for inclusion of their wards. The house also approved renovation of Azad garden on built-operate-transfer (BOT) basis. However, the proposal for modernization of Gol Bazar was kept pending after objection from corporators.A strong debate was held over approval to implementation of LBT in corporation jurisdiction. Trader fraternity had urged the corporators and mayor to pass a resolution denying implementation of LBT. However, commissioner told the house that corporation has to pass the approval as state government has made it mandatory for CMC. Unwillingly the house approved the LBT for Chandrapur.Other subjects like carrying out fire audit of public buildings in town, providing contract for door-to-door garbage collection to women self help groups with remuneration of Rs5 per house and appropriation of 13th finance commission grant etc were also approved in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065747", "title": "Gardener held for molestation", "text": "PUNE: A 35-year-old gardener was arrested on Friday for allegedly molesting two schoolchildren in Chinchwad. The Pimpri police have identified the man as Nitin Narayan Aurange of Mohannagar, Chinchwad.Senior inspector Mohan Vidhate said on Friday morning, Aurange, who was at work at a house near the school had allegedly molested the schoolchildren who had gone to a ground near the school. \"After school, the students went home and informed their parents ,\" Vidhate said. A mother of one of the students lodged a complaint at the police station. \"We arrested Aurange under section 354 ( molestation) of the Indian Penal Code,\" Vidhate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15067661", "title": "School principal killed in broad daylight", "text": "PATNA: The tall claims of intensive police patrolling in the city were exposed on Friday as criminals barged into the rented house of school principal Nilam Sharma at Rajiv Nagar locality, assaulted her mercilessly and looted cash and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees. Nilam was later rushed to a private nursing home where she succumbed to her injuries.Nilam was heading the nursery section of a school at Mathura Lodge, Rajiv nagar, while her husband Sanjay Kumar runs the senior section of the same school at Nirala Nagar on Aashiana-Digha road. Kumar is also the school director.School bus driver Vinod Kumar, cashier Kiran Kumar Jha and nursery student Monu were the first to reach Nilam's residence-cum-school at around 1.45pm. He said when they called the principal, there was no response from inside. The cashier then made a call on Nilam's cellphone, but it was not answered. \"We then entered the house and found one of the rooms bolted from outside,\" he said, adding when they opened the door, they were shocked to see Nilam's legs tied and she was bleeding profusely. He said that all the items kept in two almirahs there were scattered in the room.The driver said Nilam's husband Sanjay and daughter Neha, a Class XII student in a local school, were not present in the house. Her son Priyaranjan was away in Pune as he is a student of an engineering college there.\"Nilam's husband and daughter Neha arrived soon and we took her to a private nursing home at Pataliputra Colony, but the doctors there referred her to another hospital on Bank Road. She succumbed to her injuries there,\" the driver said.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said it seemed to be a case of dacoity. He said that two police teams had been constituted and they would carry out raids as some names have been shortlisted. The SSP said that experts from Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) had collected evidences from the place of occurrence.City SP, Patna, Jayant Kant also suspected it to be a case of dacoity.\"I have quizzed some of Nilam's neighbours, schoolchildren and the deceased's daughter,\" the City SP said, adding police are waiting for the autopsy report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15065348", "title": "Ex-civic chief to be billed 3.7L for illegal use of official car", "text": "MUMBAI: Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte has decided to send a bill of Rs 3.75 lakh to his predecessor Subodh Kumar for illegally using his official red-beacon car even after his retirement.\"After it was confirmed that Kumar illegally used the car between May 1 and July 16, the civic administration decided to recover Rs 3.75 lakh from him. The amount has been arrived at on the basis of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC)'s standard formula for unauthorized use of its vehicles,\" a senior BMC official told TOI. Kumar, an IAS officer of the 1977 batch, retired on April 30. at the end of his three month extended term. However, it was found that even after his retirement, Subodh Kumar had retained BMC red beacon car for his personal use. When Kunte found out that Kumar had been using the BMC vehicle even after his retirement, he sought information from the transport section. When it was confirmed that Subodh Kumar was illegally using the vehicle,Kunte had earlier suspended assistant engineer Sandeep Patil, the garage in-charge, for providing a car to Kumar for illegally using the BMC vehicle.Kumar confirmed that he had used the car but \"very rarely\".Following a report in TOI on July 16 on the rampant illegal misuse of government vehicles by senior bureaucrats, chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia had ordered a high-level probe.\"We are seeking information on unauthorized use of government vehicles,\" Banthia said.A high-ranking bureaucrat said, \"it was high time that both chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Banthia step in and halt rampant misuse of vehicles.I know some bureaucrats who have a minimum of four vehicles at their disposal. Besides withdrawing the vehicles immediately, Banthia should initiate disciplinary proceedings against them,'' he said.Besides the senior bureaucrats, he said, even joint secretary and deputy secretary level officers are too illegally using government vehicles. Our information is thatAll state-run enterprises have illegally given their vehicles to senior bureaucrats as well as joint- and deputy-secretary level officials. Most of the vehicles are used by the officials' family members.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066851", "title": "Traffic diverted due to mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: Traffic police shut down the General AK Vaidya Marg (Wadala Road) on Friday following Thursday's Eastern Freeway mishap and put diversions in place.\"Vehicles moving from Chembur to Wadala were diverted via Ahuja bridge to Sion. Light vehicles were diverted via Mahul Road to Wadala,\" a traffic official said.\"Vehicles moving from Barkat Ali Naka to Wadala were diverted to Char Rasta and Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Marg. Movement of vehicles from Wadala to Chembur was stopped at Cotton Green level crossing.\" Some motorists took to social networking sites to complain about snarls on routes near the Eastern Freeway.\"We sent text messages to citizens through our control room that General AK Vaidya Marg had been shut down between Barkat Ali Naka and Priyadarshini Circle from both sides,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15075980", "title": "Widespread rains across Karnataka in last 24 hours", "text": "MANGALORE: Copious rainfall in north interior Karnataka (NIK) in the last 24 hours up to 8.30am on Saturday for a change has seen Karnataka that was headed for a severe drought end up with 32% surplus rainfall for a 24-hour period. NIK regions recorded 13.5mm actual weighted average rainfall for the period against normal weighted average of 4.7mm, a surplus of 187%. However, rainfall was deficit in south-interior Karnataka, Malnad and coastal regions.Rainfall was widespread in 13 districts; fairly widespread in five, scattered in three, isolated in four and negligible in five districts. South-west monsoon was vigorous in three, active in seven; normal in nine; and weak in 11 districts. Very heavy rain was recorded in two districts; heavy rain in four, rather heavy rain in five; moderate rain in 10; light rain in four; very light rain in four others and no rain in one district, KSNDMC, Bangalore stated.Widespread, moderate to rather heavy rain was received in Bijapur, Gulbarga, Bagalkote, Uttara Kannada, Davangere, Kodagu, Shimoga, DK, Yadgir, Belgaum, Bidar, Haveri and Raichur. Fairly widespread, rather heavy rain was recorded in Koppal, Udupi, Dharwad, Chikmagalur and Gadag. Scattered, light to moderate rain received in Bellary, Hassan and Chitradurga; isolated, light rain in Mysore, Chikkaballapura, Mandya and Tumkur.Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state. Rainfall over Karnataka in last 24-hour period is considered fairly widespread since56 % of hoblis and gram panchayats recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Nagar in Hosanagara taluk of Shimoga recorded maximum rainfall of 233.5 mm in the last 24-hours.Nagar incidentally had recorded highest rainfall of 98mm in the last 24-hours ending 8.30am on Friday as well.Karnataka for the period June 1 to July 21 has recorded deficit rainfall of 39%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 383.3mm in south-interior, north-interior, Malnad and coastal parts, state received 232mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on July 21, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 12.3mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 9.3mm, a surplus of 32%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15065344", "title": "Action sought against Mahatransco, MVNL", "text": "WARDHA: A farmer Deepak Agrawal has sought police help stop Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company Ltd (Mahatransco) and Maharashtra Vidyut Nigam Ltd (MVNL), Deoli from constructing tower line on his property in Deoli. Agrawal written an application to Wardha superintendent of police urging him to file FIR against the two companies for their illegal action.Addressing a press conference on Thursday, Agrawal said, \"I owns 106 NA plots at survey No. 331 in Deoli. Mahatransco started construction of 132 KV electric line on my sanctioned layout on behalf of MVNL for its proposed plant in Deoli MIDC area.\"\"As Wardha collector Jayashree Bhoj is on training leave till August, Mahatransco officials started the work without taking permission,\" said Agrawal. \"I have all the legal documents of these residential plots. When the district magistrate has sanctioned these plots to me then how can any one commence work without my NOC or giving me compensation,\" he askedClaiming to be not the only sufferer, Agrawal said, \"I have raised this question but there are many farmers who are not able to fight these companies. A month ago, when a farmer decided to oppose the Mahatransco official, the company lodged a complaint against him. Hence, I request SP Avinash Kumar to look into the matter.\"Chief executive officer of MVNL Anil Newtia refused to comment on the issue. Chief engineer of Mahatransco LS Sonkawade said that as he is not aware of the facts, he will have to first go through the documents before making any comment.Revenue staffer in ACB netSleuths from Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Thursday nabbed an employee of revenue department of Seloo red-handed while taking bribe from a farmer.According to information, Bharat Dhurve, a supervisor in land measurement department, demanded Rs8,000 from Madhav Wankhede, a resident of Wardha, for measuring his farm in Seloo. Wankhede approached the local ACB branch. Accordingly, a trap was laid. On Thursday, Wankhede went to Dhurve with the money. Dhurve called him out of the office where he was caught red-handed while accepting the money from Wankhede.According to Wankhede, Dhurve had been harassing him for money, hence he decided to take the help of ACB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15066355", "title": "TV reporter arrested for Assam molestation", "text": "GUWAHATI: A TV journalist, whose channel first broke the news about the July 9 mass molestation of a woman here, was arrested on Friday evening for his alleged involvement in the crime that sent shock waves through the country.Gaurav Jyoti Neog was picked up by a city police team from his rented house located in the Beltola survey area. He had quit his job last week after Akhil Gogoi, a core committee member of Team Anna, accused him of instigating people to molest the woman outside a bar at Christian Basti. The activist claimed that the incident took place after the victim and her friend objected to indecent remarks made by the reporter.Senior superintendent of police A P Tiwari said, \"Neog was booked under Sections 294, 509 and 34 of the IPC.\" Section 294 deals with public display of obscene acts or songs, while Section 509 covers the use of words, gestures or acts intended to insult the modesty of a woman. Section 34 deals with offences committed by several people in furtherance of common intention.State forensic science laboratory director R N Khaund said, \"We are yet to get video clippings of the incident from the police. We have been asked to cross-check the raw video footage to ascertain Neog's role in the incident.\" The TV channel, where Neog worked, is run by the wife of a cabinet minister of Assam.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, whose government is facing severe criticism because of the molestation case, said Amar Jyoti Kalita, the main accused, \"is hopping from one state to another to escape arrest.\" He added, \"I don't want to disclose the locations for the sake of investigation.\"Three of the five special investigation team (SIT) units are engaged in tracking down Kalita. They stepped up their search after the fugitive called a person in Guwahati two days ago. An SIT source said a team had left for western India where Kalita was reportedly seen last. He added, \"Kalita was spotted in Meghalaya a day after the incident. After that, his cellphone was tracked in the Bharalu area of Guwahati but it was on the move. He then made an STD call, which we later found, was from a PCO in Bhubaneshwar.\"So far, SIT has caught 12 people in connection with the molestation case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15067665", "title": "Patna University eases norms for admission to degree courses", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) on Friday decided to waive the rider of 50% marks for qualifying the entrance test conducted by its different colleges for admission to the three-year degree courses in arts, science and commerce streams.The decision was taken at a meeting of the PU's academic council held under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh. Deans of faculties, principals of colleges and heads of postgraduate departments of the university attended the meeting.The decision to waive the rider of 50% qualifying marks for general category and 45% for reserved category was taken in view of the fact that the number of students securing the requisite marks in the test for some courses was much less than the number of seats. Besides, the same students had passed the entrance tests in more than one college.Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha pointed out that only 122 students secured more than 50% marks for admission in BSc Part I Honours (biology group) against 225 sanctioned seats. If the college strictly adheres to 50% cut-off, at least 103 seats would remain vacant, he said.It was decided at the meeting that admission would be made on the basis of the merit list prepared following the entrance test so that all the sanctioned seats could be filled up. Furthermore, there is no provision of cut-off in the admission ordinance recently approved by the governor.The academic council also approved the revised admission ordinance and regulations of BFA course in College of Arts and Crafts. Now, the course would be of four years instead of five years and the minimum eligibility for admission to this course would be plus two (intermediate), not matriculation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065822", "title": "Minors steal two-wheelers to go to college, detained", "text": "PUNE: The Sahakarnagar police on Friday detained five minor boys who allegedly stole two-wheelers to travel to their colleges. The police have recovered 10 two-wheelers from them.Senior inspector Kamalakar Takawale of the Sahakanagar police station told TOI that a police team patrolling on Satara Road stopped the boys, who had come on three scooters, at the Ahilyadevi Chowk on Friday. \"When the police asked them to furnish documents for the vehicles, they did not have the papers with them,\" Takawale said.During questioning, the boys admitted that they had stolen the scooters. \"We have recovered 10 two-wheelers - seven scooters and three motorcycles - from them,\" Takawale said. \"They had stolen these vehicles from the jurisdiction of Sahakarnagar and Bharati Vidyapeeth police stations and also from the jurisdiction of the Pune rural police, using duplicate keys.\"The police said they had stolen the vehicle for joyrides and also to travel to their colleges. \"They used to park the vehicles near their residences,\" Takawale said.All the detainees are from middle class families, Takawale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15076741", "title": "Amitabh Narayan eliminated from Indian Idol!", "text": "SONY Entertainment Television's singing reality show, Indian Idol season six sees yet another elimination!25 year old Amitabh Narayan from Muzaffarpur in Bihar will be eliminated tonight. The competition has been getting tough and now it finally comes down to the remaining seven contestants: Vipul Mehta, Kaushik Deshpande, Devendra Singh, Poorvi Koutish, Amit Kumar, Sohini Mishra and Ritika Raj.After a powerful performance at the Indian Idol concert in Pune, these young singers managed to grab the attention of an entire nation. Even Amitabh's performance was superb when he sang Mere Bina and his magic seemed to continue albeit only for a while. Somehow, he didn't manage to garner enough votes, causing his oust from the show. But that's not the end to Amitabh's ambitious musical career. As they say, when one door closes, another opens.As the judges seem to have their favourites (Asha Bhosle along with sister Lata Mangeshkar is Devndra's fan and Salim Merchant likes Amit amongst others), who will the audiences vote for? It's become an unpredictable game from here on as each of the seven finalists is better than the other.A week more to go before the next contestant is eliminated from Indian Idol. Keep reading for latest updates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15067346", "title": "In a year, city to get environment park", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has set the wheel in motion to build an environment park near Bhesan sewerage treatment plant on 1.23 lakh sq metres of land at Surat-Bhesan Road. SMC plans to complete the work in a year.After the idea was mooted in December 2009, SMC signed an MoU with Gujarat Gas as its private partner. Gujarat Gas was to spend Rs 75 lakh for the development of the park and SMC the remaining Rs 26 lakh in the Rs 1.03 crore project.The private partner hired an architect for developing designs and landscapes for the park on SMC's land. The work is on the verge of completion.SMC sources said the changed management in Gujarat Gas has asked itself to be relieved of its commitment. \"Gujarat Gas has paid up its part of the deal to SMC and now the civic body will complete the work,\" they said.Gujarat Gas has paid Rs 1 crore, which is more than what it was supposed to give and also made the payment to the architect appointed for the work.\"We will float the tenders for the work once the standing committee gives its approval to the proposal on Saturday,\" SMC city engineer Jatin Shah said.The park would have children's play park, forestation, cycling and walking tracks and an eco-museum. People would be made aware about the purification process taking place in the water and sewerage plants through models built in the park. Besides, different eco-friendly concepts would be visualized and explained to the people.\"People will have an opportunity to move out of the concrete jungles and relax in a natural environment,\" said standing committee chairman Bhimji Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065337", "title": "SC comes to rescue of Amarnath yatris", "text": "NEW DELHI: To prevent deaths of large number of pilgrims to Amarnath cave shrine every year, the Supreme Court on Friday appointed a special committee headed by Jammu &amp; Kashmir Governor to suggest radical improvement in amenities and healthcare facilities to devotees from next year.A bench of Justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar, which had taken suo motu cognizance of ToI's report on July 13 about death of 67 pilgrims till then this year, said lack of public amenities and healthcare, particularly the high rate of mortality, required urgent attention of all concerned.The special high-powered committee (SHPC), headed by the Governor, was told to inspect the site and make recommendations on the following:*Construction of proper passages, wide enough and with due support on both sides, for the traffic of pedestrian yatris, on horses and by palkis from Panchtarni to the Holy Cave *Provide one-way passage with separate tracks, one for pedestrians and another for horses, carriages and palkis near the Shrine *Provide health check-up facilities on both the passages from Baltal and Panchtarni to the Holy Cave *Provide proper public amenities and facilities on way and at the lower end of the glaciers near the Holy Cave *Deployment of more forces and to provide better conditions of service for the members of the forces, posted on way and at the Holy Cave *Environmental Impact Assessment: The manner and methods to be adopted to attain the above, with least damage or interference with the environment of the entire zone right from Baltal to the Holy Cave from different routes *Deployment of more medical teams, at regular distance on all the passages leading to the Holy Cave *Registration of yatris at Jammu, Srinagar, Baltal and Panchtarni. It should also consider the possibility of limited number of yatris being released from Srinagar to Baltal to ensure better management, hygiene, healthcare and betterment of the yatris, who stay there overnight *Medical examination at the time of registration and on the wayThe bench asked: \"It is discouraging to see nothing is there. It is ice below and sky above. People have died due to simple fall by skidding from a height of 1,000 feet. There is a seven-foot wide passage leading to the shrine on which you find palki, horses and people on foot traveling together. Why can't the Government make a proper path?\"Posting the matter for further hearing on August 13 and expecting at least a preliminary report, the bench said the SHPC's recommendations would enable the apex court to direct their timely execution to ensure that the \"next yatra to the Holy Cave shall be less hazardous, beneficial and at least with basic human facilities being made available to yatris.\"ToI on July 13 had reported death of 67 pilgrims over the last 17 days mainly because of cardiac arrest. It had also said that 105 devotees had died last year during the 45-day-long yatra. The court while issuing notices to the Centre, state government and the shrine board had said: \"The pilgrims have a constitutional right to move freely throughout the territory of India, free of fear, with dignity and safety and to ensure enforcement of such right is the primary obligation of the state and the central governments.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15068503", "title": "Release water in Sukhna, HC tells UT", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday asked the Chandigarh administration to release water from the check dams into Sukhna Lake that is drying up every day due to reduction in the water level.Giving a deadline of three days UT administration for compliance of its orders, HC directed the authorities to ensure the supply of water into lake from the check dams either by siphoning or by puncturing.Earlier, on July 10, HC had directed Punjab and Haryana to deploy 100 men each to pave way for the water to reach the lake from the check dams in Kansal. Court had also directed them to provide two JCB machines each for lake.The matter had reached before the bench of chief justice of the HC following a letter to chief justice by a local resident against the deteriorating condition of Sukhna Lake and apathy of administration toward its maintenance. Taking sou motu cognizance of the letter, HC had impleaded the Chandigarh administration, Punjab and Haryana and asked the respective governments to respond on the issue.HC has stayed all kind of constructions in catchments area of Sukhna Lake falling within the areas of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh. Now, the case would come up for further hearing on July 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072153", "title": "Have my favourites on Indian Idol: Salim Merchant", "text": "Judge Salim Merchant has his own style when it comes to judging the top eight finalists on Sony TV's reality show, Indian Idol.He's kind, encouraging and a motivation to all the contestants and he treats them equally. But he does not play diplomatic and gets candid about his favourites, \"All of them are like my kids and I think all the judges treat all the contestants equally\".But that does not mean that Salim does not have his favourites. \"I won't be diplomatic. I like Vipul. He has the potential to be the next Indian Idol. I also like Poorvi too\".With eliminations round the corner, let's hope the judge's favourite still stay on!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15065780", "title": "Gang uses women to rob, busted", "text": "MUMBAI: A gang that used women as bait to rob unsuspecting citizens was and then loot them, were busted by the Kandivli police on Friday. Of the six arrested accused, two are teenaged girls.The gang came under the police scanner after a manager with a private firm, Hitesh Khedekar, lodged a police complaint. In his complaint, Khedekar (26) said he was in contact with 19-year-old girl Muskaan Pathan and offered to take her to Aksa on Monday. Muskaan told him she had other commitments and that a 17-year-old girl, Seema (name changed), would meet him instead. Khedekar and Seema decided to meet outside a restaurant near Kandivli station.Khedekar met Seema and the two took an auto to go to Aksa. En route, Seema asked Khedekar to stop outside a mall as she wanted to meet a few friends. \"While the couple was waiting outside the mall, a Tavera stopped near them and a group of people got out. The group accused Khedekar of molesting Seema and roughed him up. Seema also played along.Khedekar couldn't do much as he was surrounded by the accused.The men took away his cash and valuables collectively amounting to Rs 10,000,\" wallet containing Rs 3,000, his cellphone and two rings. The men also took Khedekar to two ATM kiosks in Malad in their Tavera and forcing him to withdraw Rs 1,500 from his account,\" senior inspector H Pimpale said.Khedekar provided Seema's number to the cops, who traced it to one Yogesh. \"Yogesh told us he, too, was robbed by the same gang. The accused had stolen his wallet, cellphone and voter ID-card and used it . The gang had used photocopies of Yogesh's voter ID-card to procure a Sim card in Mira Road,\" an officer said.On checking Seema's call records, The police went through Seema's call records and found she was in contact with a woman in from Santosh Nagar inGoregaon. had called her maximum number of times.The police raided the woman's house and learnt the woman was running a flesh racket. Pathan and Seema worked for her and resided in Nala Sopara. Cops raided the Nala Sopara room and nabbed Seema and another minor girl. , Richa (name changed).The Goregaon woman's sons, Ajay and Vijay Parmar, were arrested. The Parmar brothers owned the Tavera. Their aides-Noor Alam Mulla (20) and a 17-year-old boy-have also been arrested.Muskaan and one Kamlesh Gupta are wanted in the case. Muskaan was booked in a similar offence in Goregaon (E) in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15065594", "title": "DGM of Woodland Retail shot outside home in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The DGM of Woodland Retail was shot dead by two unidentified armed assailants outside his residence in Shakti Khand-IV in Indirapuram on Friday morning. Police said the deceased, Nitin Sharma (36), had recently sacked some employees in outlets in the NCR after finding some irregularities and there was a possibility that he was eliminated as an act of revenge. Nitin was with the company for the last eight years as DGM (retail).DSP RK Pandey said the deceased was killed when he returned to his residence around 8.15am after dropping his two daughters at Cambridge School in his Grand Vitara SUV (DL3C BR 1300). \"After he locked his SUV, two persons came and started talking to him. Within two minutes they took out pistols and started firing at him. Nitin ran towards his residence, but by the time he entered the apartment the accused had shot him several times,\" Pandey said.Local residents ran towards the apartment after hearing the shots. Even Nitin's neighbours stepped out to find him in a pool of blood. The victim's wife, Shalini, told the police that after she heard the shots and came rushing out of the house, she heard her husband shouting, \"Why are you shooting me? What is the reason?\" The victim was then taken to Shanti Gopal hospital in Indirapuram where he was declared brought dead.The post mortem report reveals that Nitin was shot with six bullets, two on his forehead, two on the chest and two in the stomach. Two other shots hit a scooter and his car, behind which he tried to hide. The two men fled through a side alley where they had parked a motorcycle. Police added that the colony watchman also saw the accused from the back and said they were in their early twenties.After the police were informed of the murder, a crime investigation team reached the place and cordoned off the area. The team recovered 10 bullet shells of 30mm from the spot. Police sources said that Nitin had reportedly got a call at 8.12am enquiring his location.SSP Prashant Kumar said that several teams have been deployed to investigate the case. \"The employees sacked by the deceased are also under the scanner,\" Kumar said.During preliminary investigation, police found that Nitin had made and received several calls from a mobile phone located in Rohtak. IG, Rohtak, Alok Mittal, said, \"So far, Ghaziabad police have not contacted us. We will definitely cooperate in the investigation.\"\"In the last two months, Nitin had sacked many employees in outlets in Delhi-NCR, including Shipra mall in Indirapuram and Opulent mall in Ghaziabad after finding some irregularities. During initial investigation, we came to know that Nitin had even had slapped an employee in a Woodland outlet in Kohaat Enclave in Delhi,\" said Pandey.The deceased by the survived by his wife Shalini and daughters Vanshika (10) and Anshika (6). He lived on the second floor apartment on Plot No. 827 in Shakti Khand-IV. He had a love marriage with Shalini 12 years ago after meeting her in Jaipur where she was studying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15065930", "title": "Reduced power bill for small consumers likely", "text": "LUCKNOW: Your electricity bill might see a slide if UP electricity regulatory commission (UPERC) had its way. The commission, on Friday, asked the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) to examine if the restricted power consumption slab -- beyond which a higher power tariff is charged -- could be raised from 200 units to 400 units. It has also asked the corporation if a flat fixed charge, instead of that based on per kilowatt usage, could be imposed.At present, a domestic consumer is required to pay at the rate of Rs 3.45 per unit up to 200 units. Beyond that, the charge escalates to Rs 3.80 per unit. The commission now wants the slab to be increased to 400 units.Likewise, a domestic consumer also pays a fixed charge at the rate of Rs 65 per kilowatt. The commission, on Friday, recommended that the fixed charge be imposed on a 'per connection' basis which was the case nearly six years ago. The recommendations, if approved by UPPCL, will benefit over one crore domestic consumers, essentially the middle and lower middle class, across the state.While a higher restriction slab may save around Rs 100, a flat fix charge would lessen the bill by around Rs 130, for say consumers having a sanctioned load of 3 Kw.Commutively, The bill will reduce by at least Rs 230. Those with 5 Kw will see their bills coming down by nearly Rs 360.UPERC secretary, AK Srivastava, in a note sent to chief engineer, regulatory affairs unit, UPPCL, AA Khan said that the response would be sent by Monday after which the commission may start giving final shape to the power tariff.The recommendation came on a petition filed by UP Rajya Upbhogta Parishad which contended that the tariff rate in case of UP are already very high. Parishad president, AK Verma said that the corporation has proposed a tariff based on its claim of providing power to consumers on a set schedule -- 24 hours to metros, 20 hours to district headquarters and 14 hours to rural areas. \"But the reality is different. None of them are getting power as per the schedule,\" he said.The parishad also claimed that the corporation, while drafting a new power tariff structure, did not took into account the national tariff policy which was the violation of Section 8.3 (2) of the tariff policy.Corporation has been facing a peculiar situation of an alarming revenue deficit that is touching a figure of around Rs 26,000 crores.Significantly, the corporation has not proposed any increase in the tariff structure for the domestic consumers even though there has been a substantial increase for commercial consumers who may find their bills rising by around 25 to 30 percent when the new tariff structure comes into play, probably by August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15066008", "title": "Woman killed in mishap at Koregaon Park", "text": "PUNE: A 52-year-old pedestrian woman died on the spot after she was knocked down by a speeding private bus at Koregaon Park on Friday morning. The Koregaon Park police said the deceased Hirabai Vasant Landge is a resident of Mother Teresanagar in Yerawada. Following the accident, the driver of the bus fled.Inspector of the Koregaon Park police station P M Pawar said the incident took place around 7.30 am. \"Landge was crossing the road at Koregaon Park to bring tea for her friends when the bus hit her. The impact was such that Landge died on the spot,\" Pawar said. Landge worked as domestic help in Koregaon Park area. The police have launched a search operation to trace the bus driver, Pawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15068444", "title": "Holy month of Ramzan begins today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When Dr Fazal Karim rushes along the CCU's corridor in the hospital without a drop of water or food from dusk to dawn, he seldom feels exhausted. For him, it is the spiritual energy of the fast observed during the holy month of Ramzan which will commence from Saturday, which boosts his energy.Before dawn, Sehri food is prepared which includes firni or sewai (dish prepared from milk). The fast has to be broken by eating dates at time of sunset which is called \"Iftaar\".For Javaid Ahmed Sheikh who is doing his doctorate from IMTECH, this period is rejuvenating. \"From morning until sunset, fast has to be observed by offering prayers more than the routine. We eagerly wait for this month as it cleanses our mind and spirit,\" said Javaid.Many Muslims gather at mosques and offer a special prayer \"Parawih\" (performed before going to sleep at night). Abdul Rehman, vice-chairman of the Jama Masjid, Sector 20, said, \"First Roza of Ramzan will be observed on Saturday.\"While the Muslims wait for this holy month, the only thing they miss is the easy availability of halal meat. As Javaid said, \"We cannot eat meat or chicken dishes as there are few halal meat shops in the city.\"Being the month in which the first verses of the Quran were revealed to Prophet Muhammad, the entire month is for worship and contemplation. During these fasts, strict restraints are placed. \"We are not allowed to eat or drink during daytime. In the evening, following the Iftaar, it is customary to go out visiting family and friends,\" said Rehman. Ramzan is the ninth month according to the Islamic lunar calendar. It begins after the month of Shaban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065759", "title": "Uttarakhand accident: 7 injured admitted to Pune hospital", "text": "PUNE: Four devotees from Kolhapur, who had gone to Haridwar on a week-long pilgrimage died, when the mini bus they were travelling in fell into a gorge in Tehri Garhwal in Uttarakhand on Tuesday afternoon. Eleven others, also from Kolhapur, were injured in the accident. Seven of the injured were flown from Delhi to Pune and admitted to Sanjeevan hospital in Erandwane on Friday.\"The seven injured were admitted to our hospital at around 5.15 pm on Friday. They have sustained hip, knee and writ fractures. We have conducted a few investigations including x-ray to assess the nature of their injury. Those who fractured their limbs where given plaster casts to support healing,\" surgeon P S Karmarkar, medical director of the Sanjeevan hospital told TOI on Friday.Those who lost their lives include Vijaya Mahadev Jadhav (40), Namrata Sunil Bagote (40), Sunita Baburao Shelar (65) and Malati Hindurao Pandiwade (60). \"We performed last rites on them in Haridwar on Thursday,\" said Anandaraon Kesarkar, a relative of one of the devotees. Kesarkar's 75-year-old mother Shingutai Kesar was among the group on pilgrimage. \"She has fractured her knee,\" said Kesarkar.Narrating the incident, Kesarkar said, \"The devotees had left Kolhapur on July 10 for a pilgrimage of Char Dham via train. After paying obeisance at Gangotri, they wanted to visit Kedarnath. They hired a mini bus from Rudraprayag. After the bus travelled a distance of four to five kms, it lost control and fell in a 125 feet deep gorge. Five people, including the driver, died on the spot. The residents of nearby village rescued the others who were crying for help.\"The injured include Sindhutai Sangar (65), Ranjana Sangar (54), Gokula Magdum (61), Chaya Sawant (50), Shingutai Kesarkar (75), Banda More (70), Sunita Patil (30), Mahadev Jadhav (45), Ushatai Sonule (50), Suman Kambale (50) and Sarjerao Kambale (50).\"Three among the injured are coming by train as they need to be kept on stretchers because of the nature of their injuries,\" said another relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "karnal ", "code": "15067853", "title": "3 of family killed as car collides with bus in Karnal", "text": "KARNAL : Three persons were killed while one other sustained serious injuries when the car in which they were travelling collides head on with a school bus near Assandh in the Karnal district on Friday afternoon.In the accident, Vikas, his mother Roshni and cousin Ekta, members of the same family were killed on the spot while, one another woman, Angrejo sustained serious injuries and was rushed to the civil hospital. While none in the school bus which was ferrying school staff were injured.The police said they had registered a case against the driver Ved of the JPS school bus. who had also been placed under arrest. The family had come to Karnal and were retuning to their native home Safidon when the accident took place.Meanwhile, A major tragedy was averted when the driver of the Jind Haryana Roadways bus lost control of the vehicle and rammed into a high tension electricity pole and wall of ITI (Industrial training institute) near ITI chowk.The passengers of the bus had a narrow escape as it got entangled in high tension over head wire, but as there was no electricity flowing through the cables the passengers escaped unhurt. Later, a team of linesmen reached the site and cut the cables to help the passengers to come out of the bus.The bus was on its way to Jind from Chandigarh when the accident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065601", "title": "Elder enters bondage to repay loan", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an upper-middle class Dwarka society, 62-year-old Pradeep Kumar (name changed) served as a domestic help for more than one-and-a-half years to pay off a debt of Rs 45,000 taken from the employers to get his son married. His son has since then made no attempt to get Kumar released from the pitiable situation.On Tuesday, the frail man was freed from bonded labour by the office of the sub-divisional magistrate (Najafgarh) as a follow-up to a direction by the National Human Rights Commission on receipt of a complaint from another flat owner of the same society.An FIR has been lodged by the Delhi government against the family under the Bonded Labour System Abolition Act, 1976. Kumar's sense of relief is palpable and he is likely to be sent to his village in Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh, over the weekend.Although an FIR under the Bonded Labour Act was registered on Tuesday, the victim was allowed to stay on with the accused till Friday. When TOI reached the Dwarka society on Friday afternoon to follow up on the victim, this correspondent ran into the sons of the accused (who have taken anticipatory bail) as they were trying to quietly take away Kumar in a car, along with all his belongings, to a station so that he could go back to his village. They were acting without informing the SDM and in defiance of law. SDM Krishna Mohan Uppu expressed shock at the accused's attempt.The TOI team took the senior citizen to the SDM's office so that he could be rehabilitated safely. On the way, Kumar shared that he used to make a living ironing clothes in a village in Pratapgarh, where he lived with his wife, five daughters and three sons.His struggle became tougher after his eldest son, who worked in the house of the accused in Dwarka as a domestic help, decided to marry around three years ago. \"I took a loan of Rs 40,000 from my son's employers for the wedding and my son borrowed another Rs 5,000 from them. I thought he would pay off the loan, but he moved to Mumbai without informing me. To pay off the debt, I had to come to Delhi and work as a domestic help,\" Kumar said.The FIR, a copy of which is with TOI, states Kumar \"has been working as a bonded labour in order to repay the debt incurred for the wedding of his son since October 2010. He is being paid wages below the minimum wages.\"Kumar said he was hired for Rs 4,000 a month, of which half was deducted to recover the loan. The balance Rs 2,000 was sent to his family in UP. \"They would give me food and clothes and I would cook all their meals and wash clothes. I woke up around 6am, rested for an hour in the afternoon and the day would end between 10-11pm.\" He, however, said his employers did not beat or humiliate him. Kumar never felt he was in bondage but sounded happy about returning home. \"Ab hamara karza khatam ho gaya (now my debt is over),\" he said as he bid this correspondent adieu.Justifying the decision to let Kumar stay in the house of the accused for the last two days, the SDM said this was done as legal formalities to shift him under the custody of the resident commissioner of Uttar Pradesh were pending. Also, he said, the accused had given a written assurance that they would not interfere with the victim or cause any harm. After completion of all formalities, the orders to take action for rehabilitation of Kumar came from the deputy commissioner-southwest on Friday.However, with the UP resident commissioner's office refusing to take custody of Kumar later in the evening on the ground that he was an adult, Kumar was left to spend the night in a police station. As per the directions of the SDM, it has now been left to police to arrange for the old man's departure on Saturday. However, a compliance report will be sought by the SDM as a follow-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15064253", "title": "Picnic mood at Trinamool camps", "text": "KOLKATA: Over a hundred cooks were busy preparing the dal bhat sabji menu on Friday afternoon for the Trinamool rallyists pouring into the 40 guest houses and dharmashalas spread over north and central Kolkata for the Esplanade show on Saturday. Almost one hundred buses and matadors have been booked for three days to ferry the supporters to a common point from where they would all walk to Esplanade. Some party supporters were also found camping near Howrah and Sealdah stations on Friday. The estimated cost for the arrangement could be around Rs 25 lakh, though senior Trinamool leaders kept it a party secret.Forty-year old homemaker Makunda Begum from Chanchol in Malda has come for the first time in the city. She is staying at Binani guest house on Pathuriaghata Street near Chitpur. Why? Makunda puts it straight. \"I have come all the way with my neighbours in the village to catch a glimpse of 'Didi' for the first time. I saw her in the television and didn't get to see her. I missed the opportunity once when she was touring north Bengal before the assembly elections. Now, I want to fulfil my long cherished dream,\" she said.Dipankar Mahato, an 18-year-old from Jalpaiguri, however, comes to Kolkata whenever a Trinamool Congress rally is organized in the city. \"I have been coming to Kolkata to attend this particular historic rally for past three years. I feel at home here in this dharmashala since the party volunteers take care of all our needs,\" Mahato, who reached the city on Thursday, said. He has already visited some of the landmark places such as Millennium Park, Shahid Minar, Victoria Memorial and Vidyasagar Setu. \"Now, I intend to visit Didi's house before leaving for my home at Jalpaiguri,\" he said.Mohammed Alam who came from Raigunj on Friday morning was seen taking rest at Bangur Dharmashala at Jorabagan in north Kolkata. \"I don't want to move out from here before joining the historic rally. Here the quality of food is very good and other arrangements too are up to the mark,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15068331", "title": "China cops mistake sex toy for body of a woman", "text": "BEIJING: Eighteen policemen recently struggled for an hour in a river to recover what was initially mistaken for a woman's body, but turned out to be an inflatable sex toy at Wendeng in eastern China's Shandong province.Officials said the toy's design and size was so similar to an adult female body that the policemen had to act. Shandong is an important center for producing sex toys in China and supplies them across the globe.The police's efforts attracted a large crowd of onlookers that blocked traffic on a bridge last week.Earlier, a Chinese TV channel reported about a \"mystery mushroom\" that also turned out to be a sex toy in Xian province. \"As we can all see, this looks like a type of fungus, on both ends of which you'll find mushroom heads,\" a reporter intoned into the camera. \"On this side, you can see what looks like a pair of lips.\"The channel was forced to apologize after drawing flak over Chinese internet sites and blogs. \"Please forgive our oversight,\" the channel said. \"As our reporter was still young and unwise, this report has brought great inconvenience to everyone.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15065833", "title": "UP govt bid to bring Net to doorsteps", "text": "LUCKNOW: To bring internet connectivity to every doorstep in a state where most areas still do not have electricity connections, top bureaucrats of the UP government met private companies on Friday.In a bid to give an impetus to 4G broadband connectivity, chief secretary Jawed Usmani and other government officials saw presentations made by information technology companies Reliance Communications and Infotel for establishing Safe and Smart cities and promoting 4G connectivity in the state.After seeing the presentations by the two companies, Usmani instructed officials from the departments of urban development, PWD and forest among others, to assess the need and utility of broadband networks in key state departments.On Friday, Usmani also reviewed the status of implementation of Central schemes like Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), Mid-Day Meal apart from the works done by departments of secondary and vocational education. Saying that officials must computerize all data pertaining to social welfare schemes in the state, the chief secretary also said distribution of free books under SSA must be done every year, latest by the month of July.Usmani also directed officials to write to the Centre to release budgetary allocations to UP under SSA.Also stressing the need for inclusive education, Usmani also said that effort must be made to encourage more girl children to continue their education beyond class eight.For the implementation of SSA in UP, Usmani also asked for timely release of funds for the construction of schools and expansion of classrooms in existing aanganwadi centres. Usmani also said assistance from the non-governmental agencies and corporate sector should be sought for the smooth implementation of the MDM scheme in UP.Usmani also asked officials to identify areas with large minority population so that more educational institution could be set up there.The chief secretary also said proposals to set up more Industrial Training Institutes in minority-populated areas in the state should be considered.He also said that where government funds could not be used, concerned departments should focus on inviting private sector participation and running these institutes on a public-private partnership model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15066356", "title": "12-year-old murdered over \u2018family feud\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: Tension gripped Jaisinghpura Khor area of Brahmpuri police station on Friday when the body of a 12-year-old boy was found with his head badly damaged. Police suspected that the boy was murdered over an old rivalry between two groups of relatives in the same family. A huge crowd of villagers staged a demonstration alleging that the family had been receiving threats for the past few days and despite a complaint had been registered with the Brahmpuri police station, no action was taken resulting in the murder. Heavy police force was deployed in the area to maintain law and order.According to the police complaint, the suspected murderers had been threatening the boy's father not to go ahead with the engagement ceremony of his two daughters slated on Saturday. Police suspect that the boy was murdered to interrupt the ceremony.The boy, identified as Govind alias Gopi, had left home around 3 pm after having lunch. \"He told his father Govardhan Lal that he was going to see some friends. He took his bicycle and left home. However, he did not return home,\" a police officer said.The officer said around 5.30 pm, some villagers saw the body of a boy in school uniform. \"A woman identified the body following which the policemen of the local outpost were informed,\" he said.The news of boy's murder soon spread like wildfire and a huge crowd of villagers gathered at the spot where the body was found and prevented the police from approaching. They alleged that the murder took place because police did not initiate action against the people who had been threatening the boy's father.\"In a complaint registered with Brahmpuri police station, a mobile number which was used to issue threats had been provided a few days ago; however, police did not bother to locate the number and identify those people. If the police had taken timely action, the boy would have been alive,\" a relative said.Besides, there had been a dispute between the boy's father and some people in November last year. \"In this case too, an FIR against identified people had been registered. However, no action was taken,\" the officer revealed.Heavy police force was kept deployed in the area till late night as the situation remained tense. Senior police officers rushed to the spot to placate the agitating villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15066811", "title": "They got tonsured to demand water supply", "text": "VADODARA: Peeved at the lack of clean water supply in their locality, residents of Hanumannagar in Mujmahuda held a protest on Friday morning and two of them even got themselves tonsured to put the point across. The agitation over the water woes in the locality is being supported by a group of activists subscribing to Gandhian ideology.Hanumannagar is a pocket in Mujmahuda area of the city where residents of the lower income group stay. It has a population of around 1,200 people, but the only source of regular water supply is a single hand pump which supplies extremely hard water. To get water for drinking purposes and cooking, women have to travel long distances.Activist Atul Gamechi along with his associate Prakash Dhakad, who stays in Hanumannagar, had been raising the issue along with the residents since a couple of years. Gamechi said after repeated requests and representations, a water pipeline was laid in the locality, but no connections were given from it. \"When the residents raised their voice again, they were asked to take the connections themselves, but even then they did not get water,\" said Gamechi.Dhakad said the residents had been staying at the place for last 25 years. \"We got electricity supply only about 10 years ago after a long struggle. The VMC has been doing little about our woes and asked us to pay taxes. Now, we have done even that,\" he said.Residents said after several representations, water was supplied but it was insufficient. \"It comes to only 20 of the 240 houses in the area,\" said Dhakad.Not making any headway despite repeated representations, Dhakad and another resident of the locality Raju Salve got themselves tonsured on Friday at the VMC ward six office.Gamechi said the residents were prepared to take more drastic steps to get basic amenities in the locality. \"We will intensify the agitation from August 20 if nothing is done,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15072853", "title": "Rescue operations in full swing after train collision in Vidarbha", "text": "MUMBAI: The train traffic in the Down direction between Umbermali and Kasara was restored on Friday night. The track was blocked after a Vidarbha Express, travelling on this line, met with an accident with a derailed suburban train on Thursday night.One passenger died while 14 others were injured in the accident. Central railway spokesperson V Chandrasekhar told TOI,\"We had targeted to clear the Down track by 1.30 am on Saturday, but it was cleared at about 8.20 pm. The trains on Down line are now operating.\"He stated that the Up track still had a few coaches of the derailed Kasara-CST local. \"This track is likely to be cleared by 1.30 pm today,'' he stated. It may be recalled that after the accident, the first officials to reach the spot were those from the Railway Protection Force (RPF) who climbed on the affected compartment (of Vidarbha Express) which had jumped over another coach, trapping several passengers.One of the RPF constables, R B Meena, managed to enter the coach through the emergency exit window and he evacuated the compartment within minutes. The other constables helped passengers climb down from the top coach. Several local villagers joined in rescue operations and some held torches to show directions to those who were stranded in the midst of the ghat section and in rough weather.They took them in private cars and two wheelers to safe destinations. It was pouring heavily as ambulances rushed the injured to the hospitals in Kasara and Nashik. Around 1.30 am on Friday, an engine was attached to Vidarbha Express on the CST end and the coaches which were not affected by the accident were separated and taken to Kalyan station from where it proceeded on its journey to Nagpur via Pune-Daund route.Several passengers went to Nagpur in these unaffected coaches. Another engine was brought to pull out the S-9 coach (which was partially underneath S-10).The officials first chained the S-10 coach (on top) to keep it fixed while the engine pulled out the S-9 successfully around 5.30 am. A crane arrived on the other track to rerail the suburban train coaches early Saturday morning. It is more than 38 hours now after the accident and the track is yet to be cleared. ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065648", "title": "Why should aam admi pay for VIP lounge: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday said it was unfair to levy Airport Development Fee (ADF) on every passenger flying out of Delhi but allow foreign dignitaries to use VIP lounges free of cost at major airports.\"Our airport facilities are internationally competitive. But Airports Authority of India (AAI) has been a little unreasonable to passengers. In many airports abroad they charge even the dignitaries for using the VIP lounges. In London, it is 400 pounds. Why don't we charge the visiting dignitaries for using our VIP lounges which are much better than many in foreign countries?\" asked a bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan Lokur.\"Are we so weak to charge them for using VIP lounges? Instead of burdening the common man, it would be a good idea to levy fee at least on reciprocal basis on foreign dignitaries using these lounges in out airports. They can pay in Indian or foreign currency,\" it said while issuing notice on a petition by Consumer Online Foundation questioning collection of ADF by Delhi International Airport Ltd (DIAL) on behalf of AAI.In November last year, the Airport Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) had permitted DIAL to resume collection of ADF from December 1 for a period of 18 months, which is till May 2013, from each passenger - Rs 221 each from domestic traveler and Rs 1,413 per international traveler.DIAL had started collecting ADF from passengers from March, 2009, but an order from the Delhi High Court had stalled the exercise in June, 2011.\"The ADF is Rs 1,300 for international passengers and Rs 200 for domestic passengers with an additional 10.3% service tax. We had initially been allowed to collect it for a period of 36 months starting March 2009 and have now received an extension of 18 months. This is the first phase of collection through which we hope to bridge our funding gap by Rs 1,230.27 crore. A cost of Rs 701 crore that would be incurred by DIAL from April, 2010, would be recovered in phase-II of the ADF collection from June, 2013, to February, 2014,\" DIAL had said.Appearing for the NGO, senior advocate Rajeev Dhavan said it was for AAI to collect ADF and questioned how a private operator leased to provide certain facilities at the airport could step into the shoes of the statutory authority and collect ADF.\"The ADF was for future construction and development of Airports and not to bridge the gap in the funding for the private operator,\" he said. However, senior advocate L Nageshwar Rao, appearing for DIAL, said the ADF was for future development and the shortfall in the budget of future structures and not to recover the cost of infrastructure already put in place.The court issued notice to AAI and DIAL and asked their counsel to be present in court after two weeks.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066442", "title": "Bhujbal gets CM's support", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan stood behind public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal following allegations of corruption in the Maharashtra Sadan project. Referring to a decision to allow additional floor space index (FSI) for a redevelopment project in the city in lieu of construction of the three state-owned buildings, he said it was taken by the state. Bhujbal had refuted the charges against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15064544", "title": "Feast of St Ana on July 26", "text": "The feast of St Ana will be celebrated on July 29 at St Ana church, Santana, Talaulim. The novenas are under way with rosary at 5.15pm, followed by mass, sermon and salve. The vespers will be held on July 28 at 6.30pm. On July 29 there will be masses at 6.30am and 8.30am. The concelebrated high mass will be at 10.15am. There will also be a mass in the evening at 4pm.OL of Rosary school's ex-students meet: A meeting of all the ex-students of Our Lady of Rosary HS, Fatorda, will be convened by the headmaster Gromiko Fernandes on July 22 at 10am in the school hall to elect a new managing committee and to chalk out various activities to be conducted on the occasion of the Golden Jubilee celebration of the school.Felicitation of Quepem SSC toppers: Navyug Vikas Manch (ESAC), Quepem, will felicitate the first three top rankers from each school from Quepem constituency, in the last SSC examination, at a function to be held on July 22, at 10.30am, at indoor hall, Quepem sports complex. Mangala Kamlakar Dessai, headmistress of Government High School, Balli-Quepem, the recipient of the 2011 State Teacher Award, and Uday Chepo Gaunkar, headmaster of Holy Cross High School, Quepem, the recipient of 2011 Social Action Award instituted by Indian Development Foundation, Bangalore, will also be felicitated. South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha will be the chief guest, while Bhakti Kulkarni, international women's grandmaster, will be the guest of honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066347", "title": "Fate of undergrad teachers unclear after education Act changes", "text": "MUMBAI: The implementation of the right to education (RTE) Act in Maharashtra may be comparatively better than in other states, but there is one problem that the state education department is yet to tackle.In a seminar held at the Vidhan Bhavan on Friday, officials from the education department focused on the process of revision of the elementary education cycle, which plays an important role in the implementation of the Act. With elementary education decided as the years from class I to VIII and a designated teacher-student ratio assigned as per the Act, the department wants to hire more graduate teachers for upper primary (Class VI-VIII) education. The fate of thousands of undergraduate and D. Ed teachers is now a matter of worry for the officials.\"Under the Act, there should be two teachers per class for the primary section and at least three for upper primary classes. Education and qualification of teachers in the upper primary section has been upgraded. We are worried about D. Ed teachers,\" said Sanjay Deshmukh, chairman of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, adding, \"Undergraduate teachers won't lose their jobs; we will accommodate them now.\"Recently, the education department also joined hands with the British Council to train close to 70,000 teachers across the state in English teaching. \"We have already started the process of finding lead trainers and the final training will begin after Diwali,\" added Deshmukh.This was one in the series of seminars that the education department is organising at every district for education officials to clear the doubts, if any. The barrage of questions that came forward towards the end of the seminar made it clear that confusion still looms over RTE. Officials at the seminar also added that they might prepare CDs with all the information related to the Act and send it to all schools for their help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15066894", "title": "Return of strong winds curbs unplanned outages", "text": "COIMBATORE: With the sudden drop in wind velocity two days ago, residents were apprehensive about having to face unscheduled power cuts again. Fortunately, strong winds were back again as of Thursday, generating adequate power to meet demand.On June 16 and 17, the wind velocity dropped to its minimum generating just 15 million units of power against the average daily generation of 75 million units. Following the power shortage due to this sudden dip in the wind, the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited appealed to residents to bear any unscheduled power cuts. The situation had raised concerns among consumers, especially industries in the Coimbatore circle who were largely affected by the unscheduled power cuts.But regaining strength the strong winds blowing through the Palakkad gap helped to operate the windmills to its maximum capacity and generate about 3000 MW of energy on Wednesday and 3500 MW on Thursday.K Kasturinrangan, Chairman, Indian Wind Power Association, said that there were previous incidences of sudden drop in wind velocity, but generally the wind regained its strength in a short period. The windmills produced 62 million units on Wednesday. By the end of October, the wind strength will reduce slowly, he said.He said the windmills produce the highest energy when the wind velocity is between 8 and 14 meters per minute. During lean days, the windmills produce minimum energy at a wind velocity ranging between 3 and 7 meters.A Thangavelu, chief engineer, Coimbatore region, said that there were plans for unscheduled and even total power cuts, had the low wind situation continued. However on Wednesday and Thursday the situation improved and the decision was revoked. However, no one knows for how long the situation would continue. The government is taking initiatives to generate another 2300 MW by the beginning of next year. This would help cut down the unscheduled power cuts, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066793", "title": "Rs 80-crore scarf export scam busted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A shabby scarf made out of low-quality polyester, which would have cost not more than Rs 10, was being exported for Rs 250. The incredible price is not due to inflation, but part of a smartly conceived export scam between Ahmedabad and Dubai which runs into over Rs 80 crore.The scam was going on for the last one year before it was busted by directorate of revenue intelligence (DRI) officials on Friday.In the scam, a city-based textile trader has been found making overvalued exports of scarves to fraudulently claim customs duty drawbacks and allegedly routing black money. The value of scarf was overvalued by 25 times. DRI on Thursday seized three consignments from inland container depot, Khodiyar, whose value on paper was Rs 3.5 crore, but its actual price was less than Rs 14 lakh. DRI suspects that the trader is part of a hawala network, and under the garb of bogus exports illicit foreign money was pushed into India.The consignments were being sent by three city-based companies - Pearl Exim, Ganesh Trading and Midland Trading - to Dubai.\"We seized three containers containing scarves and upon inspection found that a piece of scarf valued at Rs 250 in export bills was not more than Rs 10 and is hardly usable. Scarf exporters get a 9.5% duty drawback on export value to avail which the companies were carrying out the bogus exports,\" said a senior DRI official. With the bogus exports, the trader used to get Rs 22 as duty drawback and a scarf worth Rs 10.DRI has found that the three companies are being operated by a city-based textile businessman. DRI has also detained another consignment declared as that of ladies T-shirts allegedly belonging to the same trader at Ahmedabad airport cargo complex.\"Using different import-export codes, the trader has in the last six months made Rs 40 crore bogus scarf exports to Dubai. We've also found that last year, using the similar modus operandi, he made another Rs 40 crore through bogus export of scarf using different companies and codes,\" said the official.DRI has also found that the differential amount between the actual and inflated value of export was exchanged between the city-based trader and those sitting in Dubai through hawala network.\"The trader, who is a textile engineer, has two offices - one at Stadium Circle and another in the walled city. On these offices he has registered a dozen of companies and has been carrying out bogus export. We've found that the engineer has carried out similar exports from Mumbai,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066745", "title": "IIM-A stages adaptation of Dario Fo play", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) staged an adaptation of the English play 'Accidental Death of an Anarchist' by Dario Fo at their campus on Thursday.The play, a satire on police corruption, was adapted in Hindi as 'Bechara Maara Gaya'.The play follows the story of a maniac who, impersonating a judge, enters a police station and cons the cops into revealing their involvement in the cover-up of the death of an anarchist. This play had the audience in splits with a very generous dose of funny dialogues.The play was staged at the IIM-A's student theatre club, better known as IIMACTS (IIMA Cultural and Theatrical Society).The special guests for the evening were the 65-odd school kids, who were a part of Prayaas, a community service initiative of IIM-A which provides education to underprivileged children. The kids were seen enjoying the play and were overjoyed at the opportunity to interact with the IIMACTS team after the play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15066766", "title": "Nepalese delegation meets chief minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said that development projects in districts adjoining Nepal would be speeded up to benefit people on both sides of the border. \"UP has both emotional and social ties with Nepal and these will be further strengthened. Development works in the districts adjoining the neighbouring country would be speeded up to ensure economic progress of people on both the sides,\" he said while talking to a delegation of Federation of Nepalese Chambers of Commerce and Industry which called on him on Friday. Directing officials to remove impediments in construction of Dhudhibari-Gorakhpur road in Maharajganj district and in import of herbal goods from Nepal , the chief minister said his government would do the needful to redress problems raised by the delegation and on those which concern the centre he would soon write a letter.He said a world class road would be constructed linking all the districts in the state on the border. The chief minister said that to tap tourism potential his government was working towards setting up an international airport in Kushinagar on PPP model. He wanted regular meetings of district level officials of both the countries to solve issues relating to law and order problems. On the recurrent problem of floods in the rivers originating from Nepal, he said a proposal for setting up Bhutan-like power projects would be made in consultation with the Centre.Appointed: Dr Rajendra Prasad , a renowned pulmonary specialist and director of UP Rural Institute of Medical Sciences and Research, Safai, Etawah, has been appointed honorary consultant of Armed Forces Medical Services. Dr Rajendra Prasad, is vice-president of South Asia Association of Allergy, Asthma and Clinical Immunology, is a retired professor and head of department of pulmonary medicine, CSMMU, Lucknow. He has to his credit more than 150 papers published in national and international journals. He also edited two books related to medicine.MoU signed: Hudric Farm Inputs Ltd has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Sunhara India Project (implemented by Agri Business System International in India with support from Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation). The project aims at increasing efficiency and competitiveness and small holding farmers, including women, through emergence of market oriented farming and improved service delivery systems in rural Uttar Pradesh.Overall the project is working with 25,000 farmers in which 6,000 are women.Declamation contest held: St Teresa's College, Aashiana, organised ASISC zonal declamation competition-2012, junior category of zone-A and zone-B on Friday. Twenty-four colleges of Lucknow participated in the declamation competition. Principal of the St Teresa's College, Geetika Kapoor welcomed all the teams. The best speakers of the competition will represent Lucknow at the regional level. The winners were awarded a certificate and a gold medal each.The result of this event are: Zone A - First best speaker: Muskan Singh, CMS Gomtinagar and the second best speaker: Istuti Kapoor, St Fidelis College. Zone B-First best speaker: Pratima Vishwakarma, St Teresa's College, Aashiana and second best speaker: Vaishnavi Gautam, CMS, Kanpur Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15073827", "title": "Municipal Corporation Chandigarh demolishes unauthorized tin sheds", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A demolition drive was carried out by the Municipal Corporation Chandigarh (MCC) in Manimajra. The MC team has demolished seven unauthorized tin sheds behind SCO No. 901 to 913 Hotel Solitaire lane of Manimajra, Chandigarh.The demolition drive was carried out under the supervision of Rajiv Gupta, Joint Commissioner and assisted by Enforcement Staff of MCC. According to the information the owner of Hotel Solitaire has constructed temporary tin shed behind his showroom in violation.Similarly other showroom owners raised 10'x10' tin sheds behinds their showrooms and stored heavy utensils, material to be used in hotel. One kitchen having gas stoves was also demolished. Full police force was present to avoid any untoward incident during the demolition drive.In addition to that four cars were lifted by the enforcement team and 40 violators were challaned during the drive. The enforcement team removed and seized counters, welding gas cylinders, tyres, tyre changing machines, jacks, furniture, water tanks, rehires from the area. Rajiv said that unauthorized construction in the city is not tolerable at all so they have demolished these structures and in future also this kind of drive will be continued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15067612", "title": "Nolambur raises stink over bad water, roads", "text": "CHENNAI: It's a pleasant Sunday morning but there's an eerie silence in the apartment complexes in Nolambur, a fast developing locality south of Ambattur. The parks are empty. Not a single child from more than 2,000 apartments on Sriram Nagar Main Road was outside, not even in the pathways.Before long it's clear why: there's an overwhelming stench everywhere. \"Treated sewage is used in the gardens but it usually spreads everywhere. The smell is so nauseating that residents stay indoors,\" a resident said.Nolambur does not receive tap water so most apartment in the locality has a reverse osmosis plant and sewage treatment unit. Treated sewage is used to flush toilets and water gardens.\"The plant's capacity is 80,000 tonnes but it is used to treat more than 1,50,000 tonnes of sewage,\" says Sumir Saproo, the secretary of the DABC Gokulam Apartments.Residents use groundwater extensively and fear the sewage treatment system may not be sustainable. \"The sewage percolates into the ground. In another five years, we may be consuming treated sewage,\" says Suresh Ganesh, president of a group that represents various Nolambur resident associations. \"The water pipelines have been laid and only need to be connected to the main line,\" says N Ravindran, the secretary of the group.Metrowater officials have reportedly told residents that they cannot include the area in its sewage network because pipelines have to be laid on a road under litigation. The litigation has also served as an excuse for the corporation not to lay proper roads in the locality. \"The roads are broken and full of potholes so few guests visit us,\" says K P Haridas, who lives in DABC Abhinayam.Motorists have to drive through the Sriram Nagar Main Road or School Road to enter Nolambur Phase 1. Sriram Nagar Main Road has not been relaid in decades because three stretches have been claimed in court as private properties. Encroachers have reduced School Road, designed to be 30 feet wide, to a width of 10 feet.After a visit to the area by mayor Saidai Duraisamy, the corporation last month passed a resolution sanctioning 87 lakh to acquire land for roads. But residents are not holding their breath. \"We only hope that the authorities do not forget about Nolanbur,\" says Suresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15068743", "title": "Karnataka to spend Rs 17.5cr for rain puja", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar may have declared that he is an atheist, but that's not going to alter a government order on a special rain prayer.The BJP government has set aside Rs 17.5 crore to be spent on prayers to invoke the gods to bless the state with rain, and counter the state's worst drought in 42 years, which has led to a scarcity of drinking water. On Friday, the muzrai (religious endowment) department issued a circular to its 35,000 temples across the state to hold special pujas to propitiate the Rain Gods. The pujas, comprising Varuna Mantra, Jalabhisheka and Parjanya Japa, will be held on July 27 and August 2.\"We've released Rs 5,000 to each of the 35,000 temples to conduct special pujas on two different days,'' muzrai minister Kota Srinivas Poojary said. While Rs 5,000 appears to be a small amount, the overall prayer bill can do a great deal for those in the grip of drought.Defending the government's stand in seeking divine intervention, Poojary said: \"I strongly feel only God can help us from nature's fury. The pujas are being held not just for the welfare of the people but also livestock. I am confident the special pujas will bring prosperity to the entire state.'' Poojary said he would also appeal to churches and mosques to hold prayers for rain.It's isn't just Poojary who is superstitious . He only appears to be following in the footsteps of his predecessors, Es En Krissnaiah Setty and VS Acharya. As muzrai minister in 2008-09, Setty had ordered daily puja, distribution of Tirupati laddus and Ganga jal in all government temples for the welfare of the BJP government and former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa. An embarrassed Yeddyurappa had had the order withdrawn.TIMES VIEWThe government just doesn't seem to realize the gravity of the state's worst drought in 42 years. Instead of deploying every available resource to tackle the situation on the ground, one of its executive decisions is to sanction money for prayers in all temples across the state. While there's no harm in invoking divine intervention to alleviate the problem if it indeed helps, the sticky point is spending precious money for it. The same amount could well have been spent on concrete measures which could have wiped away a tear or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15072693", "title": "IT start-ups hiring seasoned HR executives", "text": "BANGALORE: With talent being their most critical asset, technology startups that have acquired a certain scale and growing rapidly are beginning to hire experienced HR professionals to better organize their HR functions. Fast growing startups also need to continuously foster new talent and align them to their business goals.Take Bangalore-based In-Mobi, the mobile advertising network, which according to one estimate is the world's second largest such network. Some months ago, the company's founder Naveen Tewari told TOI that 60% of his time was spent on getting and retaining high-quality talent.Now the company has created the position of a vice president of global people operations. Monisha Tambay, who previously worked for Subex, Genpact , StorageTek and Hewitt Associates, has been appointed to that role. Her mandate is to develop a strategic approach to talent management and establish HR processes across geographies.Till recently, online bus ticketing company redBus had outsourced its HR function to a firm called The HR Practice. But the company is now scouting for an HR head to manage talent and drive a culture of innovation.\"We have 480 employees across 26 cities. We want to map talent and engage employees in a more systematic way. We are also setting up the redBus Academy, focusing on skill upgradation and employee engagement as part of our training sessions,\" says Phanindra Sama, CEO of redBus, a company that has sold 1 crore seats so far, making it perhaps the highest transaction volume for a B2C company.Media technology company Komli Media recently hired Anjali Shrivastava, who has over 18 years of experience in HR, talent strategy, business planning, training and development, and who was the former country talent head at ad agency Ogilvy &amp; Mather.\"We hired Anjali as the global head of HR to create a career path for our employees and provide the right level of opportunity to top performers,\" says Prashant Mehta, CEO of Komli Media. Komli Media has over 400 employees across 18 offices in India, Australia, New Zealand , South East Asia, Middle East, Hong Kong , North America and the UK. It plans to grow its headcount to 500 by this year-end .Seasoned HR professionals also appear keen to work with startups. Startups give them the space to innovate. \"Start-ups give them the opportunity to design off the rack processes relevant to the culture of the company. Many experienced HR professionals are willing to give their time to build size and value into the company,\" says Venkat Shastry , office managing director in executive search firm Korn/Ferry Bangalore.Tambay of InMobi says she took up the job because it gave her a global exposure to start HR processes from scratch customized to different countries.Some HR professionals are even willing to compromise on their compensation if the opportunity is really good. \"They are willing to trade-off immediate fixed salary for a stock option that may be given to them down the line,\" says Gaurav Lahiri, MD of HR management consulting firm Hay Group India.Aparna Ballakur, who left Yahoo India, where she was head of HR, to join e-commerce portal Flipkart in May this year, says she joined Flipkart because of the complexity of the business and the fact that the company was changing the way people shop in India.\"It provides me a unique opportunity; it combines the agility and growth of a start up with the complexity and size of a midsize company,\" says Flipkart's chief people officer who has 4,800 people to handle, and adds, \"It tests all you have learnt about building for scale and teaches you to do so in a fast changing, high growth environment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074656", "title": "Action is a stress buster: Jessica Biel", "text": "Jessica Biel speaks about her action role in Total Recall, sci-fi action thriller. She seems to have taken her action part a tad too seriously!Co-star Colin Firth revealed, \"I came in one morning and I heard someone hitting the punch bag in the corner and it sounded as though they were giving it a merciless beating. And then I realized it was Biel. She is tough.\"Jessica added she was just 8 years old when the film Total Recall was released and though she didn't watch the film too attentively then but she never had thought she would be a part of the remake. Sharing her experience while shooting Total Recall, Biel says she was quite apprehensive about her action sequences. \"I am a good mimic. And if there is somebody to show me how it is done, it's all good. While shooting for Total Recall, there were days when I couldn't get some of the action sequences out of my head. In other roles, you don't get to use your body that often. Action is a stress buster; it allows you to let it all out,\" said Jessica. Fascinated by the character of Quaid, Beil says if she was given a chance to enter Recall and get a memory for a lifetime she would want to be a CIA operative. \"I've always been fascinated by detectives and secret agents,\" she says, \"So maybe I would work on something like a murder unit. I know that sounds a little bit morbid, but I'm one of those people who are obsessed with [the TV show] 48 Hours. I love that kind of stuff. I'm interested in crime and why people do what they do.\" This is one reason why she loves the intrigue and intricate plotting that ripples through Total Recall.Sony Picture's film Total Recall is a reboot of the original Total Recall, which releases worldwide on August 3rd. This film stars Colin Farrell , Kate Beckinsale and Jessica Biel in the lead roles and is directed by Len Wiseman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15064975", "title": "Lookout notices against Karnataka MLAs", "text": "HYDERABAD: The arrest of Karnataka MLAs Gali Somasekhar Reddy and T H Suresh Babu seems imminent in the cash-for-bail case as Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) has issued lookout notices against the two legislators, preventing them from fleeing the country.After advocate Aditya surrendered before the ACB court on Thursday, Bellary (Urban) MLA Gali Somasekhar Reddy, Kampli MLA T H Suresh Babu and their associate Dasarathrami Reddy are the only three accused yet to be arrested in the bail scam.The ACB has so far registered two cases in the cash-for-bail scam. In the first case, suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao, his son Ravi Chandra, retired judge T V Chalapati Rao, history-sheeter Yadgiri Rao, advocate Aditya, two Karnataka MLAs and their associate Dasaratharami Reddy have been named accused for conspiring and securing bail fraudulently for Gali Janardhan Reddy.The second case was booked against suspended judges Prabhakar Rao, Lakshminarasimha Rao, their associate Suryaprakash Rao, who also tried to strike a deal between Gali's group and CBI judges but failed.So far, Gali brothers are yet to be named accused in the second case, but sources revealed that given the amount of evidence against them, ultimately their names would be added to the accused list along with some others.As four officials from the judicial fraternity have already been arrested in the case, the two Karnataka MLAs' arrest is imminent in a few days. ACB sleuths said to prevent the legislators from leaving the country, they have taken necessary measures. \"We have alerted all international airports in the country about the two Karnataka MLAs. It's a normal practice,\" a top ACB officer said.There were speculations that the ACB was delaying the arrest of the Karnataka MLAs due to procedural difficulties as it involves arresting legislators and that too from another state. However, an ACB officer said they were just gathering crucial evidence like source of the bribe amount to nail the legislators.\"Like any other probing agency, ACB can arrest any accused from any part of the country. In case of arrest of an MLA, we just have to notify the Speaker of the Assembly concerned,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15065388", "title": "CM: Govt might find it difficult to accept Gadgil report on Western Ghats", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar hinted that it might be difficult for the government to accept the Madhav Gadgil panel's recommendations on Western Ghats on grounds that it would lead to locking nearly 50-60% of the state's land resource.Replying to a discussion on demands for grants in the assembly, Parrikar made a reference to the report of Western Ghats ecology expert panel headed by Madhav Gadgil. The report has recommended that the Western Ghats, covering parts of Maharashtra, Goa and Karnataka, be declared ecologically sensitive.While not making a direct statement, Parrikar tried to explain that the government would have to study the implications if the report is accepted. He indicated that the government would have to find out how it would impact \"development\" even as he said the Western Ghats need protection.Explaining his point, the chief minister said Goa's total land mass is 3,702 sq km of which 1,380 sq km is government forest land. Besides, he said there is private forest. He went on to say that people have complained of private forests as they cannot do anything in these areas. He felt that if people plant more trees then there's a fear that it might become a private forest.He felt that considering the situation of different types of forest land, there may have to be new regulations for forests.On utilization of land resources, Parrikar said there are several stretches of land which cannot be utilized as this comes under CRZ. \"So the question is when there is land under CRZ, under different types of forests, how do you utilize land?\" he asked, adding that these are some of the questions one would have to consider before taking any decision.Pointing to Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, Parrikar said people from Salcete are lucky as sizeable portion of their land comes under the settlement zone.Meanwhile, Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) at its meeting on Wednesday discussed the issue of delay in protection and demarcation of private forests while the Regional Plan 2021 is being prepared. Much of this precious land sustaining biodiversity has been placed under ECO 2 zones, 'Natural Cover' and 'Orchard' for want of identification by the forest department, allowing for easy conversion to settlement.GBA demands that the government reconstitute the expert committee for demarcation of private forests with urgency, and set deadlines to complete this task by 2013, before there is nothing left to save.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15074451", "title": "Consumer activists oppose footpath encroachment by bus stops", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumer activists have demanded that BEST bus shelters should not encroach upon the footpaths meant for pedestrians. In a letter recently written to senior BEST officials, activists have alleged that \"the present BEST shelters have been designed clearly with advertising in mind and not at all for passenger comfort.\"Activist A V Shenoy said, \"BEST earlier used to provide only poles where the number of passengers were lessor where the footpath width was less. However, now they have been providing these shelters everywhere irrespective of width of the footpath or number of passengers.\"He pointed out that it was difficult to walk on footpaths in some places where bus stops had encroached upon the space meant for pedestrians. The letter forwarded by activists mentioned : \"The bus shelter on JSS Road near Aryan high school is a classic case where there is hardly any space left behind for pedestrians to pass through.The women find it extremely inconvenient to pass through this space.\" The BEST's plan of providing such shelter on Raja Rammohan Roy Road near H N hospital on a narrow footpath was withdrawn after public outcry as it would have left no space for pedestrians to pass through, said Shenoy. \"On D B Marg, the bus shelter for route numbers 70,74 and 82 is more in length than the one catering to route nos. 66, 121 and 85 which is generally crowded,\" the letter stated.A senior BEST official said that the authorities would look into the suggestions made by the activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065735", "title": "SC notice to Leila on Jaya's plea to meet George Fernandes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday said it would not go into the merits of the fight between 82-year-old ailing politician George Fernandes' wife Leila Kabir Fernandes and his close confidante of three decades Jaya Jaitly but would find out whether Jaitly should be allowed to visit him.A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi issued notices to Leila and her son Sean on Jaitly's petition alleging that she had been abruptly and wrongly prevented by Fernandes' wife from meeting him.She contrasted her relationship with Fernandes to that of Leila's with her husband. She said, \"I was personally and politically the person closest to George Fernandes... He was married in 1971 to Leila Kabir but remained separated from her since 1985. All during this period, there was little contact between George Fernandes and his wife. When he fell sick, the petitioner (Jaya) was always by his side. When he had surgical procedures in 1985, a procedure for hematoma in 1995, surgeries for neurological problems, gallstone and cataract, I took care of him.\"She added, \"Though he remained married, he was separated from his wife in 1985 as they were very different personalities and George Fernandes lived in a separate accommodation from then onwards till Leila Fernandes entered his house to take over the establishment on the night of January 2, 2010 while Fernandes was asleep. Leila's plans were not known to Fernandes or anyone else in the household staff. It can be discerned that Fernandes' own views and rights were curtailed from this time to which he was unable to respond adequately.\"She pleaded for access to Fernandes, diagnosed in 2008 with Alzheimer's disease, saying his health was declining rapidly. \"He is fed through a tube. He cannot walk. He looks defeated and depressed,\" Jaitly said, accusing Leila of shutting down access of everyone, including his brothers, to the ailing leader.Jaitly said she had last visited Fernandes on August 11 last year and had sought to be a party in the petition filed by his brothers in the Delhi High Court seeking access to him. But the HC had dismissed her plea on the ground that she had no legal status or locus standi to file the application for being a party in the suit filed by Fernandes' brothers.Jaitly said she was granted limited access to him from October 2010 to August 2011 after which it was abruptly stopped. She said Fernandes was always happy and pleased to see her during that period and told the court that an Alzheimer's patient must have the right to meet persons closely associated with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15063179", "title": "Acid attack victim receives help from Ram Jethmalani", "text": "DHANBAD: The 5th battalion of NCC girls' wing has decided to offer financial assistance to one its former cadets, Sonali Mukherjee, who served the corporation since 2000. However, Sonali's younger brother Debashish Mukherjee said on Friday that the promised amount is yet to reach her. Debashish said, the only person to help them so far is Ram Jethmalani , the noted lawyer and BJP MP who handed over Rs 1.39 lakhs cheque to her father. They knocked the doors of leader of the opposition Sushma Swaraj and union minister of women and child welfare Krishna Teerath but received no response.Sonali was a victim of eve teasing. Three youths entered her house and threw acid on her causing 75 per cent burns. Her younger sister and father, Chandidas Mukherjee also received acid burns in a bid to save her. She needed financial assistance for restoration of her eye sight and plastic surgery. She had gone to a famous eye hospital in Chennai for treatment, but to no avail.Debashis said Jethmalani personally called his father who is staying and handed over the cheque on Tuesday. Students of Indian School of Mines too have decided to collect fund to help Sonali.Police had arrested three youths after a month of the attack.The district court had awarded two of them nine years imprisonment and acquitted the third since he was minor. Later, Ranchi high court granted the duo bail in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15065362", "title": "Economic slowdown again hits NMC malls", "text": "NAGPUR: NMC's plans to earn revenue by constructing malls on its property seem to be jinxed. In 2005 it had decided to construct ten malls at prime locations in the city. It had awarded tenders for three malls but the one at Sitabuldi did not take off due to litigation.Work on malls at Jaripatka and Danaganj started in April 2007 but when economy slowed down in 2008 the contractors - Unity Infrastructure and BSEL Realty Ltd - stopped work. In one year only the basement parking and two floors of Danaganj mall and the basement of the mall at Jaripatka were completed. NMC had planned another mall at Pachpaoli but it had to be scrapped as the land had been encroached upon.Even after several rounds of negotiations when the two companies refused to restart the construction work NMC terminated their contract in April 2010 and their earnest money deposit (EMD) totalling about Rs five crore was forfeited. Tenders were again floated in 2011 for Jaripatka and Danaganj malls. The tender for the Danaganj mall was awarded to Vishwaraj Infrastructure about an year ago and that for the Jaripatka mall to Multi-Urban Infraprojects some six months ago. However, both companies have yet to start work.A NMC official told TOI that the two companies are citing economic slowdown for delay in restarting work. \"They pointed out to us that the existing malls were not doing well as the showrooms were asking the owners to reduce the rent. A big mall in the city has many vacant showrooms. The sentiment in the market is negative this year. However, we will wait for some months before taking any action. We might also rework the model to make it viable. There is no point in going in for unviable projects. However, if nothing works out then we will consider the option of forfeiting the EMDs of the two companies.\"The official further said that NMC had not incurred any loss in the long run. \"We are the owners of the property. Whenever the economy improves the malls will be completed and we will get royalty. Unity Infrastructure and BSEL Realty did not do the work and so we got Rs five crore by forfeiting their EMD.\"When contacted, Arun Lakhani, chairman-cum-managing director of Vishwaraj Infrastructure, said that the delay was caused due to government's decision to reduce the floor to space index (FSI). \"The FSI was reduced from 2.5 to 1.25. Then the decision was cancelled. We have sent a letter to NMC seeking the present status.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15064425", "title": "Tenant burnt to death for refusing to move out", "text": "KOLKATA: A landlord and his family members allegedly murdered their tenant by setting her ablaze at Girish Park in central Kolkata. Police have initiated a case of murder, but the accused are absconding.According to police sources, victim Pabitra Chakraborty, a 32-year-old-woman residing at 17/7 Dayal Mitra Lane of Girish Park, was admitted at Medical College Hospital with 90% burn injuries on Tuesday afternoon. During her treatment, the woman reportedly told police that disgusted with a prolonged trouble with the landlord, she attempted to commit suicide by setting herself on fire. But her version changed on Wednesday afternoon, when human rights activist Kabita Gupta went to visit Pabitra at the hospital.The victim reportedly told Gupta that her landlord Uttam Mondal and his family forcibly poured kerosene on her when she went to the terrace of the building on Tuesday afternoon. Gupta recorded her entire statement, where the woman said that Uttam alias Lattu, his wife Sulochona, son Bittu and daughter Tupta overpowered her and set her on fire.She submitted the statement to police and Girish Park police station registered a case of attempt to murder against the landlord and his family members. Probe revealed that the victim's husband Krishna Chakraborty, a drug addict, had left home around three years ago. Since then, the woman used to stay alone. Her two daughters - Soma and Bobby - study at an Ashram school in Howrah. Police said Krishna's family has been tenants at the same premises for long. Five years ago, Uttam bought the house and since then he was applying pressure on them to leave. But the Chakraborty family refused to move out.On Friday morning, the woman succumbed to her injuries. \"On the basis of the victim's second statement, which was the last statement recorded before her death, we have initiated a murder case against all four accused,\" said Pallav Kanti Ghosh, Joint CP (crime), Kolkata Police. Sources said that Uttam has criminal antecedence and is a known drug peddler in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15065510", "title": "Going from Panaji to Mapusa? Get set to damage your vehicle", "text": "Mapusa: The damaged portion of the National Highway 17 near Hotel Green Park in Guirim is causing grave inconvenience to commuters and thus adding to traffic chaos. Thousands of vehicles ply along this stretch daily, which is now dilapidated and fast-becoming an accident-prone area. A shoddy job of filling the crater-like potholes with mud and rocks has only worsened the situation.\"It's been more than two months since the route was damaged but the department concerned has not even removed the debris properly. They are filling potholes with soil which has made the road slippery,\" said Kamlakant Naik, a daily commuter on that stretch.The damage was caused during the laying of the water pipeline of the Tillari irrigation project, but the public works department (PWD) and the Goa Tillari Irrigation Development Corporation (GTIDC) are yet to initiate measures to repair it. The GTIDC has temporarily filled pits with boulders and soil which are damaging vehicles and commuters are forced to risk accidents daily.PWD assistant engineer (highways) PV Rane has blamed the GTIDC for the damage to the road. He said that the GTIDC has taken up the work of laying the underground pipeline below the highway which has damaged the highway at the Green Park junction at Guirim, Karaswada and near the Tisk junction in Porvorim.Rane said that they had asked the GTIDC not to undertake the work during the monsoon fearing such problems, but they continued with the work. He added that they had written to the GTIDC not to damage the highway but they ignored the directions. GTIDC managing director PJ Kamat said that the PWD has to undertake repair works and return it to its original condition. \"The work was undertaken in April-May to meet the deadline. As soon as the work was completed, we had handed it over to the PWD,\" Kamat said. \"We have to deposit money with the PWD for the repair work but due to some dispute it is pending. We are ready to deposit the money,\" Kamat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15067244", "title": "School buses to be inspected from today", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration is going to launch a two-day inspection drive of the school buses in the city from Saturday. Officials of the school education department, traffic police, regional transport, home guards and district administration officials would be part of the team constituted for the inspection.The drive will ensure compliance of Supreme Court directives in the remaining over 200 buses of 20 schools in the state capital. The remaining schools and their buses have already followed these norms.These schools include almost all the major educational institutions of the city including Campion school , St Joseph Convent, DPS, Sanskaar Valley , Billabong , Jawahar Lal Nehru, St Mary's, Tulsi Nagar among others.\"An attempt is being made that the Supreme Court guidelines are adhered to, children commute safely in buses and in case of any untoward accidents, first aid boxes are readily available,\" P R Tiwari, joint director (JD) public instructions Bhopal division said.At a briefing meeting held at the joint director's office on Friday, four teams were constituted to conduct inspections during the two-day drive. Tiwari said, \"Each team comprises one education department, tehsildars, traffic police, transport and home guard each. The two-day inspection can also spill over to the third day.\"He also informed that in the two days, inspection would be held in 20 schools which have around 220 buses. \"After the inspection conducted in March, 32 schools out of 60 had submitted their compliance report. They have been put under 'A' category. The 'B' and 'C' categories are those which have submitted a partial compliance report and those which have neither provided any affidavit nor response respectively. The inspection is being conducted in the 'B' and 'C' categories,\" he said.Many of them have made their buses fit after the notice issued to them. \"If the schools still do not comply with the apex court guidelines, initially a week's time would be given after which the buses would stand to lose their permits,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15076833", "title": "Nirahua is playing police inspector in Rakhwala", "text": "Bhojpuri Super Star Dinesh Lal Yadav Nirahua is playing police officer's role in director Aslam Sheikh's next film 'Rakhwala. Actress Rinku Ghosh, Awadhesh Mishra, Sanjay pandey, Brijesh Tripathi, Maya yadav, Manoj Bhauk are other stars in the movie.Nirahua says, \"My role is very challenging . I always feel comfortable in playing this type of role.\" The film is being produced by Ishtiyak Shekh and Ritu Sharma under the banner of Aslam Sheikh production. Post production of this film is now completed and film is going to release very soon. Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "vizianagaram", "code": "15065222", "title": "Woman suspected of witchcraft hacked to death in Vizianagram", "text": "VIZIANAGARAM: A 30-year-old woman suspected as sorcerer was brutally murdered by her relative here on Thursday. The married woman was chased and hacked to death. The incident took place in Sikh Colony in the town. According to sources, deceased Lajwant Kaur, second wife of Ranjith Singh and the murderer, Ram Singh were relatives.Ram Singh developed suspicions over Ranjith Singh's son Rana Pattabhi Singh, who was allegedly practising black magic. When the daughter of Ram Singh's brother was suffering from continuous fever for the past one and a half month, Ram Singh suspected Pattabhi Singh.With the girl's condition deteriorating each day, Ram Singh decided to kill him. He inquired the Lajwant Kaur about Pattabhi Singh.After seeing him with a sword in his hands, Kaur ran for life, but Ram Singh chased her and hacked her.He also chased Ranjith Singh's wife Suraj Kaur, who escaped. After this, Ram surrendered himself before the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15067804", "title": "Institute director held guilty of indecent behaviour", "text": "ROHTAK: Joginder Dalal, the director of a Rohtak-based private BEd college who allegedly asked girl students in saris to perform Shirshasana, a yoga position where you stand inverted, and demanded money for giving marks in practical examinations has been found guilty on Friday in an inquiry conducted by the Maharshi Dayanand University (MDU).The college is affiliated to the MDU and the University had set up a six-member inquiry panel on July 16 following allegations by students against Dalal, director of IPS college of education, research and training.Rohtak police registered a case against Dalal, 45, on the complaint of Rakesh Ranjan Tripathi, a student, on July 15. Dalal, who owns six BEd colleges, has not been arrested as of now. MDU vice-chancellor R P Hooda told TOI that the inquiry panel submitted its report on Friday and has held Dalal guilty of several charges levelled against him.\"Dalal has been held guilty for extorting money from students for giving marks in practical exams, misbehaving with girl students and also for assaulting students. We are going to take a strong action against him,\" said Hooda.On July 14, Dalal and his management staff allegedly humiliated girls of the institute by asking them to perform Shirshasana after they refused to pay him for appearing in practical exams. Dalal and his colleagues also assaulted Tripathi when the student tried to intervene.The police booked Dalal and two other staff members identified as Virender Singh and Sarita under sections 323 (causing hurt), 342 (wrongful confinement) and 506 (criminal intimidation) and 294 (obscene act) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15068023", "title": "Head constable on train killed as he hits electricity pole", "text": "CHENNAI: A 45-year-old head constable attached to the Perambur police station was killed after being hit by an electricity pole while he was travelling in a local train at Pulyamangalam near Arakonam on Friday.Ravi, a resident of Annanur, used to come to work by train. On Friday, he was standing at the entrance of a compartment. He fell off the compartment after being hit by an electricity pole and died on the spot.After being informed, railway police arrived at the spot and recovered the body from beside the tracks. The body was sent to the Government Hospital, Arakonam, for postmortem. The body was later handed over to the family members and relatives. Ravi is survived by his wife Dhanalakshmi, two daughters \u2014 Karthika and Deepika \u2014 and son Shashidharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15075190", "title": "Facebook IPO debacle: Nasdaq offers $62 million compensation", "text": "NEW YORK: Nasdaq OMX group will provide funds to the tune of $62 million to compensate clients who were disadvantaged by technical problems that arose during the Facebook IPO on May 18.Nasdaq will offer a $62 million fund for voluntary accommodations, which is $22 million larger than the June 6 proposal, the exchange said in a statement.Facebook had began trading publicly on May 18 following one of the most anticipated stock offerings in history. But the stock's public debut was marred by technical glitches at the Nasdaq Stock Market that delayed trading.On the opening day, the orders failed to be executed, or in trader parlance \"print\". Nasdaq was unable to deliver trade execution messages until mid-afternoon, leaving traders in the dark about whether their orders had gone through.The proposed voluntary accommodation programme will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Nasdaq said.\"We deeply regret the problems encountered during the initial public offering of Facebook,\" NASDAQ OMX Group Chief Executive Officer and President Robert Greifeld said.The independent Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) has agreed to evaluate claims submitted by firms under the voluntary accommodations program.All claims will be paid in cash, simplifying the process and eliminating trading credits from the earlier proposal.Nasdaq expects to compensate all the accommodation plan within six months.\"We failed to meet our own high standards based on our long history of providing outstanding technology to our members and exchange customers. We have learned from this experience and we will continue to improve our trading platforms,\" Greifeld added.Nasdaq's offer, however, falls far behind the $100 million in losses that wholesale trading firms which trade on behalf of online retail brokerages like Knight Capital, Citadel, and units of UBS and Citigroup demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15068275", "title": "In Pakistan, ostrich is an animal", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Believe it or not but Pakistan's Punjab Assembly in its \"( in)finite wisdom\" has declared the flightless bird Ostrich as an animal. Ostrich was declared \"an animal\" on Wednesday when Punjab Assembly passed a bill overruling the objections raised by the Punjab governor who had refused to sign it, saying, it was a 'bird' covered under the definition of exotic species not native to Pakistan .\"Apparently, when you add Pakistani legislators into the mix. On Wednesday, in its (in)finite wisdom, the Punjab Assembly once again declared by a majority vote that an ostrich was not a bird but an animal, at least for the purposes of officialdom,\" it said.Punjab law minister Rana Sana said that the provincial government had included Ostrich in the category of animals like goats and sheep to meet the increasing demand for meat in the province.He argued that farming and sale of Ostrich's meat was in vogue across the world which was also good for human consumption, The Nation said. The Dawn said special interests lobbying for the change in rules are hoping to earn profits and it has yet to be explained what loss the exchequer may suffer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065424", "title": "Factory owner \u2018kills\u2019 worker", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was killed and his friend injured after allegedly being beaten up by the owner of the coal factory they worked in. Shankar, 22, and Rohit, 17, were hit with iron rods by the owner, who accused them of stealing goods from the warehouse, cops said.The man thrashed him with three associates on Thursday evening in the factory at Nand Nagri in northeast Delhi. A case of murder was registered on the basis of Rohit's statement. The accused are on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15065809", "title": "Extra-territorial tales of state's big cats", "text": "LUCKNOW: A leopard was safely tranquilised in Utretia village under Maal police station on July 19 and was sent to Suhelwa wildlife sanctuary in Balrampur. The stray leopard is believed to have strayed out of Terai forest.A tiger had ventured out of South Kheri, travelled more than 250 to 300 kilometres and reached CISH campus in Rahmankhera. The tiger was first seen on January 1. It didn't attack any human during its 108-day stay in Rahmankhera. On April 25, the forest team safely tranquilised the big cat and sent it to Dudhwa.A tiger had killed six people in Deoria range of Pilibhit and two in Khutar range of Shahjahanpur forest division between May 3 and August 26, 2011. The big cat from Pilibhit was trapped and sent to Kanpur zoo on October 15.A tigress which ventured out of Deoria range of Pilibhit in November 2008, travelled across Shahjahanpur, Sitapur, Barbanki was shot dead in Faizabad in February 2009. There was enormous pressure to kill the tiger, as it had killed five humans during its stay outside forest.A leopard declared 'man-eater' by forest department was burnt alive by a mob in Dhaurara range of North Kheri forest division on March 8, 2008. The stray feline had killed five men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066754", "title": "Senior babu bags literary award", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Harsh Brahmbhatt, additional secretary in the state general administration department, will be awarded the Kalapi Award for the year 2011-12 by the Indian National Theatre.The award carrys a cash prize of Rs 25,000 and a certificate. Chairperson of the INT, Rajshree Birla, will present the award to the bureaucrat at a function to be held in Mumbai on August 14. This is the second such award by INT. Brahmbhatt, apart from being a government employee, had in the past won several prestigious awards for his literary contributions.Brahmbhatt is known for his Gujarati ghazals. His latest collection, Jivvano Riyaaz, was released last year. Besides, he has written three other Gujarati poem collections 'Andar Divadandi', 'Ekalata ni Bhid Ma' and 'Maun ni Mahefil'. He also has two Hindi-Urdu ghazal collections to his name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15066816", "title": "Haryana announces land pooling scheme", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government has announced a new land pooling scheme intended to make landowners and farmers a part of the development of residential and industrial infrastructure.Under the land pooling scheme, a landowner will get a 1,000-square-yard residential plot and one commercial plot of 100 sq. yards for each one acre of land that is acquired by Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) for the development of residential sectors.Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said that the scheme provides an option to the landowner-farmers to get developed land in return for their acquired land. He said that the new scheme would improve upon Haryana's land acquisition policy of protecting the interests of farmers whose lands have been acquired by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15064696", "title": "Global bio meet fails to cheer Hyderabad hotels", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's the biggest event to be hosted by Hyderabad, one that will put the city on the global map yet again. But serious doubts are being raised about the preparedness of the city's hospitality infrastructure to accommodate a huge influx of guests for nearly 20 days beginning October 1 for the upcoming XI Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity.And though the city's hospitality sector should ideally be raising a toast to the upcoming event that is expected to see over 8,000 delegates from 194 countries troop into the city for nearly three weeks, for a change this problem of plenty does not have city hoteliers enthused.While state government officials maintain that the city has over 10,000 rooms across various star hotels, service apartments, guest houses as well as university and institute accommodations and the convention website says that the official housing bureau - MCI Management India Pvt Ltd - has reserved \"a large inventory of hotel rooms\", hoteliers say not much has been finalized.\"We have had many meetings with the government and MCI and they are saying that they need 5,000 rooms but nothing has moved so far,\" says a senior official of a big hotel chain.The cut price bargaining by MCI on room rates as well as the demand to provide rooms on credit has not gone down well with hoteliers who have been left wondering who will foot the bill in case MCI does not cough up the cash after the event is over?\"They want rooms for nearly half the rate. The going rate for a five star hotel is $300-350 per room, they are asking for rooms at $150 citing the inability of delegates from developing nations to pay so much. How can hotels sustain like this?\" asks the promoter of a city-based hotel.\"The PCO (MCI) says they want us to book the rooms and that they will pay 15 days later but we can't keep inventory based on that premise as it's the wedding season,\" points out the general manager of a five star hotel in the city.Adds an official of the Hotels and Restaurants Association of Andhra Pradesh \"This is just a projected requirement. There is no guarantee that hotels blocking the rooms will be paid if people don't turn up. We have told the government that this clause should be included in writing instead of just verbal assurances.\"Hoteliers are also worried about their regular clientele, who they can't afford to turn away for a one-time big-ticket event and point out that 20% of their inventory would have to be reserved for corporate customers.While some are not sure of the emerging scenario, there are others who have firmly put their foot down like prestigious B-School ISB which has over 116 rooms.While the official spokesperson admitted that they had been approached by the organizers of the meet, ISB sources pointed out that the B-school will not be able to oblige as their facilities were already booked for a slew of in-house events.\"Had it been for a short span of time, the institute could have still managed to rent out some of the rooms. But the organisers want our facilities for a stretch of over two weeks. That is absolutely impossible,\" ISB sources added.However, AP government officials insist that the city was geared up to make the event a success.\"We have sufficient number of rooms. Over the last 7-8 months we have worked out the details and have already had three to four rounds of meetings with hotel industry bodies in addition to talking with individual hotels to ensure the event is a success,\" says Sandeep Sultania, managing director, APTDC.Sultania himself is off for a year-long study leave so he won't be in Hyderabad to face the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15066093", "title": "Soon, industrial estate for women entrepreneurs", "text": "TRICHY: A new industrial estate for woman entrepreneurs is likely to come up in Inamkulathur that comes under the chief minister's Srirangam constituency in Trichy district, said MC Sampath, minister for rural industries and nutritious noon meal of government of Tamil Nadu here on Friday.In a brief meet with reporters on the sidelines of the inauguration of the Tamil Nadu Small Industries Corporation (TANSI) showroom in Trichy, he said that their department started out to choose a suitable place for setting up an industrial estate for woman entrepreneurs in Trichy. Initially, they considered an area in Inamkulathur for this purpose. But as the land belonged to the wakf-board, they were yet to decide on the same.However, the state government progressed towards setting up 20 micro, small and medium enterprise clusters (MSME) in the state by the end of this financial year. Of these, nine clusters will be set up for coir products, one of which would come up in Pudukkottai district. Likewise, they were determined to work towards achieving the goal of setting up 100 MSME clusters in the state by 2015.Earlier the minister inaugurated the TANSI showroom near the district collectorate in the presence of minister for school education NR Sivapathy, principal secretary to MSME department Dr Nirajan Mardi, president and managing director for TANSI K Alauddin, Trichy district collector Jayashree Muralidharan as well as mayor A Jaya, other MLAs and local body representatives. The showroom was opened in order to revive the TANSI corporation that had shelved its operations in many parts of the state due to the emergence of private players in furniture and engineering works sector.The showroom will have an array of furniture made of wood and steel so that customers can choose their products. Sampath added that customers could avail a 10% discount on all products from July 20 to July 27 as an inaugural offer. However, the local body representatives can make use of the offer on the products always.Dr Niranjan Mardi said that as of now, TANSI operates 36 factories and three showrooms, including the newly opened one in Trichy. They would soon start a showroom in Madurai as well. TANSI achieved a profit of Rs 4.8 crore during the financial year 2011-12 and they expected to increase the profit to Rs 5 crore by the end of this financial year, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15065001", "title": "TDP loses MLC seat to Cong in court", "text": "HYDERABAD: The election of Telugu Desam Party MLC Narsa Reddy from the local bodies' constituency of Nizamabad district was set aside by the HC on Friday. A division bench, in its verdict, nullified the election of Narsa Reddy and declared Venkat Rami Reddy of Congress as elected.The issue of the election of Narsa Reddy became controversial with the defeated Congress candidate approaching the HC and challenging the election result.Narsa Reddy had filed a petition in the SC in this regard. However, the apex court directed him to approach the HC. After the verdict of the HC, Narsa Reddy said that he would move a petition in the SC seeking justice. The TDP's strength in the Legislative Council came down to 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15075342", "title": "Today everyone is making a Gangs of Wasseypur: Aditya Samanta", "text": "With a new actor being launched every now and then, the competition to make it to the top league is always high. And the expectations are higher when the newbie in question belongs to a filmy family and the pressure too.\"Pressure is always there, even if I was an outsider there would have been pressure but yes belonging to a filmy family comes with its share of expectation,\" says Aditya Samanta who is making his Bollywood debut with a home production. He goes on to add,\"I have a huge legacy to live up to and I hope I can do some justice to it.\" So does the pressure scare him? \"It helps more than scares,\" says the visibly excited youngster and adds, \"It gets you access to the best people in the industry and expectations push you to do better.\"So it was pretty easy for Aditya to make a Bollywood debut considering the fact that he is getting launched through his home production. \"I guess , I just got lucky,\" says Aditya going on to add, \"I did not ever want my father, Ashim Samanta, to make a film for me, you get more creditability when you get launched in a film made by others. But then my grandfather, who had seen me in a play wanted to launch me through a love story and my father had a script for a newcomer. It's sad that grandfather passed away before I did my first film.\"In the past, there have been instances when love stories with newcomers have bombed in the box-office, so wasn't Aditya skeptical about making his debut with a love story? \"Well, it all depends on how the film is made it is plus its been a longtime since I saw a properlove story on screen. These days everyone is trying to make a film like Gangs of Wasseypur . Plus the subject was chosen by father and grandfather and not by me,\" he says. Talking on attaining stardom,Aditya says, \"I know a lot depends on the success of the first film, a lot of actors disappear after their first film bombs. Getting workisn't a problem here as there is ample work available but attaining star status is.\"Interestingly enough, Aditya is making his debut opposite Nazia Hussain, who happens to be actor Sanjay Dutt's niece. Talking about their rapport, Aditya says, \"We love each other as people. We are very comfortable with each and are good friends too and people will see it in the movie.\" Incidentally, their production house is also remaking the old classic, Ardhana, where Aditya might play the lead role which was earlier played by yester year's superstar, Rajesh Khanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066078", "title": "High court bats for women cabbies", "text": "MUMBAI: \"If the PM were to ask you, would you do it ?'' the Bombay high court on Friday asked Mumbai International Airport Limited (MIAL), directing it to provide a counter for prepaid women taxi services inside the domestic and international terminals of Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport .The observation of a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar followed after MIAL's advocate Birendra Saraf said a separate counter cannot be provided inside the domestic terminal as it may result in law and order situation from male taxi drivers.\"The airport cannot be brought to a halt. The ground realities are difficult to handle,'' said Saraf. The judges said difficulties are not insurmountable. You are not supposed to encourage this. You must tell them that this court's direction and it has to be followed. If the PM were to ask you to do it, would you do it? '' asked Justice Shah. For us the direction of the highest court in the State means as much and more than any executive direction,'' replied Saraf.The court was hearing a petition by Stri Shakti Kendra which runs one of the three women pre-paid taxi services. At the last hearing the court directed MIAL to consider allotting a single counter for women taxi services at the domestic terminal. Saraf said it is difficult due to space constraint as there are already two counters serving 3,500 black and yellow taxis and blue cool cabs daily compared to 40 women driven taxis. He signages have been put up indicating women's prepaid taxis counter is right outside the terminal. Kendra's advocate Advait Sethna said the signages lack visibility and a counter inside the terminal will provide authenticity.''Directing a women taxi counter to be placed inside the domestic terminal, the high court judges also directed to be placed inside the international terminal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065820", "title": "Jaswant Singh files nomination for vice-presidential poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior BJP leader and Lok Sabha MP from Darjeeling Jaswant Singh on Friday filed his nomination papers as the NDA's nominee for the vice-presidential poll in the presence of opposition leaders including L K Advani, Sushma Swaraj and Sharad Yadav.Singh, 74, whose candidature was declared by NDA on July 16, filed his papers before returning officer, Lok Sabha secretary general T K Vishwanathan. Three sets of papers -- one each by Advani, Sumitra Mahajan and Yashwant Sinha -- supporting Singh's candidature were submitted to Viswanathan.Soon after filing his nomination, Singh said elections to the high offices of president and vice-president were \"historic moments\".Besides JD(U) chief and NDA convernor Sharad Yadav, BJP leader Arun Jaitley, Ananth Geete from Shiv Sena and Rattan Singh Ajnala, Harsimrat Kaur and Naresh Gujral from Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) were present on the occasion along with several BJP leaders.Though UPA candidate Hamid Ansari is set to enter history books as the only person after S Radhakrishnan to get a second consecutive term as vice-president, NDA has decided to field Singh as it does not want to give the ruling coalition a walkover.Singh, a former external affairs, finance and defence minister, has provided a semblance of seriousness to the contest.NDA was keen on putting up a fight against Ansari as it is unhappy with his conduct in Rajya Sabha on December 29 last year when he abruptly adjourned the House while the Lokpal Bill debate was on.Singh later told reporters, \"It is a very happy occasion. It is also an honour (to be NDA's candidate).\" Expressing hope that he will win, he said the contest should not be seen merely in terms of who has the \"numbers and arithmetic\".On UPA having the numbers and Ansari all set to win the August 7 poll, Singh said, \"You may have reached this conclusion, I have not... the perception that in a democracy only numbers are counted is not true.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065876", "title": "Ajit Pawar to take up water tunnel issue with CM", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Friday reiterated his proposal to use canal land to generate transfer of development rights and said he would pursue the matter with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Replying to a question raised by NCP MLC Anil Bhosale in the state legislative council, Pawar said, ideally, Pune should have an exclusive dam to meet its drinking water needs, but, considering the cost of building a new dam, having an underground tunnel seems a viable option.A 17-km-long underground tunnel from Khadakwasla reservoir to Phursungi would need funds in the range of Rs 1,000 crore. Once the tunnel is ready, the land of the existing canal could be used to generate TDR. The three crore square feet TDR thus generated, could be used for new constructions.\"Nearly three TMC water, which is lost in transit between Khadakwasla and Phursungi every year, could be saved if a water tunnel is built between the two places. Money for the same could be raised from the TDRs generated from the canal land. But, the canal land falls under water bodies, and, as per the urban development department rules, it cannot be used to generate TDRs. If we have to find a way, we need to change the policy and, as a special case, we have to pursue the matter with the chief minister,\" Pawar said.Pawar said he would be holding discussions with Chavan in this regard. \"We held two meetings over the proposal, but it was not discussed in detail. It will not be possible for the state to allocate full funds for the tunnel project as it has strict directives in this regard. If the same is given on BOT basis, there could be opposition. Hence, generating TDR is the option the state is mulling,\" he added.Building a road along the Mutha canal has been in discussion for long, but the issue gained importance recently after Pawar advocated the need for such a road. This land is owned by the irrigation department and it has demanded TDR for it. The canal runs from Khadakwasla to Phursungi and the irrigation department is likely to make crores from the sale of this land.However, experts have expressed concern over the possible impact on environment and the city's infrastructure if TDR is granted. The city Congress has opposed granting TDR to the irrigation department in lieu of the proposed Mutha canal road, linking Warje and Agriculture College. Party corporator and state Congress secretary Sanjay Balgude had said his party will launch an agitation if the NCP goes ahead with the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072954", "title": "Satyamev Jayate 2 definitely on the cards", "text": "Aamir Khan's show Satyamev Jayate is so wide and intense that the broadcasters Star are now looking at other stars with a level of commitment to bring in a similar gravity to the traditional television entertainment.Post Satyamev Jayate Star Plus has been seriously exploring Bollywood's A-lister's penchant for activism.Alas, the stars we hear , have the will to fit the bill. But when it comes to the crunch they cannot go for the kill.Star's CEO Uday Shankar says, \"Look, Aamir is Aamir. His commitment to what he does exhaust and spoils you. But it's good exhaustion and a good spoiling. You start looking for the same calibre of commitment in others. And that's dangerous. What Aamir is done to ensure his hundred percent concentration to Satyamev Jayate is exceptional. Do you know, he didn't take up a single commitment while he shot for the show? He didn't even shoot for an ad! He postoponed the release of his next film for our show. Which other star would do that? And without that level of commitment another Satyamev Jayate is not possible. It can't be done with the star taking a few hours off from shooting to record episodes.\"Uday says Aamir is completely involved with every department of Satyamev Jayate. So how then, do we explain the lack of connectivity between Aamir and the victims of social antipathy, that's often visible on screen?Defends Uday, \"It is actually a problem from the other end. The people who come on the show with their problems are so awestuck by Aamir's presence that they begin to posture and grow completely selfconscious in their behaviour.\"Aamir is doing his best to take the victims out of the fan zone.Says Uday, \"You've no idea how much effort Aamir makes to get the interviewees comfortable in his presence before the camera rolls. Unfortunately they are just too overwhelmed by his presence. This is a problem that needs to be addressed. I don't know how.\"That Aamir is carrying the social issues on the showo forward on his own is a happy circumstance that Uday applauds, but stays away from. \"We're a television channel. We're not an NGO. We're more than happy to create social awareness on the show. If Aamir is taking the issues beyond our show we applaud his enterprising spirit. But for us our commitment ends with the show.\"Uday feels Aamir has once again proved himself a game-changer. \"Look, it isn't as if we haven't done socially relevant shows on Star Plus earlier. But Aamir doing it took our battle to take television entertainment to another level, to a peak we had never imagined. Let's be honest. The last ten years of television's life has brought it to saturation point. The soaps, the game shows, reality shows...have all had their innings. The television viewing demography had reached a state of stagnancy.A large section of the population had begun to disengage from television. I think Aamir and Satyamev Jayate have redefined the television-viewing experience at the right time...So yes , both Aamir and I are keen on carrying the show forward.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15067460", "title": "CPMT counselling on day 3 ends peacefully", "text": "KANPUR: CPMT counselling ended peacefully on day three here on Friday. As many as 65 students locked seats for MBBS courses in various medical colleges of the state.Rank holders from 651 to 2000 got the opportunity to appear for counselling on day three. All these students got the chance to lock the seats for MBBS program in the SC/ST and OBC category. Also, students from rank 2000 to 3500 registered themselves to appear in the counselling on day four, on Saturday.The seats for MBBS programme for general category already got filled on day one of the counselling. The seats for MBBS in SC/ST and OBC are still vacant. Students from rank 2001 to 3500 will get the opportunity to lock seats in the above mentioned category on day four.As claimed by the college authorities, seats of Bachelor of Ayurveda Medicine and Surgery and other courses will also get filled in the days to come. Students from rank 3501 to 5000 can get themselves registered for counselling on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065288", "title": "Delhi Police books Jundal for hatching terror plots to attack Delhi, Nashik Police Academy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Special Cell of Delhi Police has registered a fresh case against 26/11 conspirator Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal \"for allegedly conspiring to carry out more deadly attacks on India, including Delhi\".Sources confirmed that a fresh FIR has been registered against Jundal for \"criminal conspiracy\" as he disclosed about his collaboration with Lashkar in hatching terror plots for the national Capital and other parts of the country. \"Jundal has given details about further plans of LeT in India which took shape in Pakistan during his presence. We are investigating about the places on target,\" said the officer.The sources also claimed that Jundal has disclosed that the plan to attack the Nashik Police Academy is on as a team of Lashkar terrorists is in India, and they may strike at the academy anytime. \"Some members of Lashkar plan to ambush the police Academy early morning and it may happen anytime, Jundal has claimed,\" said a senior Delhi Police officer. The Nashik Police Academy would be attacked on the lines of the strike at the Manawan Police Academy in Lahore in March, 2009, said sources.Delhi Police officials say they are yet to arrest Jundal in this fresh case. \"We will arrest him after Mumbai Police, Gujarat Police and National Investigation Agency are done with their interrogation,\" said the source.Jundal has also reportedly given some key inputs about Indian Mujahideen's linkages with Lashkar. \"There are already linkages of IM members in the German Bakery blast, about which Jundal knows a lot. He has also given us important details about other blasts which happened in the past,\" added the source.Delhi Police has also come to know about the Jammu and Kashmir-based commander, Abu Zar, of Lashkar-e-Toiba, who reportedly sent SIM cards from the Valley to Pakistan a few days before the 26/11 attack. These SIM cards were used by the 10 terrorists, including lone surviving gunman Ajmal Kasab, in Mumbai, while talking to their handlers in Karachi control room.Delhi Police is also looking for some 'invisible handlers' of Lashkar in India, according to Jundal's interrogation.Jundal, who will now be in the custody of Mumbai Police, also gave details about training camps of Lashkar in Pakistan and the control room, which was set-up by LeT and ISI for the 26/11 attack. Jundal had claimed that \"call phonics\", a US registered software, was used by the handlers to make calls using Voice over Internet Protocol (VOIP) in the control room. The software, which was bought from a shop in Islamabad using the identity card of a person, was installed in four laptops in the control room that were also fitted with two TV sets and a satellite phone. The control room was set up on November 25, 2008, a day before the attack, the 26/11 handler has disclosed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15072712", "title": "Shekhar Suman: Who are we to judge Sunny Leone?", "text": "There's many a hat veteran actor Shekhar Suman has donned in a career spanning 27 years in the entertainment industry. But if there's something that has him, at last, \"very excited\", it's film direction.Indeed, Suman, who was recently in Lucknow in connection with a comedy show he is judging on TV, says, \"Right now, there is only one thing I am thinking of, and that is about how to take my film's story forward.\" Shekhar was talking about venturing into making films with a medical thriller that may star his son Adhyayan Suman. \"Very honestly, I would think that making films will be every actor's ultimate dream. Don't you think so? The idea of being the fellow who pulls the strings, instead of being just one of the cogs in the wheel. Being the master of everything, to have your own story, to choose the actors, the story, the dialogues, music, money.... All of it! I can safely say that's what I have been working towards for a long time,\" shrugs Suman, adding, \"Itne saal jo bhi kuch seekha hai, now is the time to put all of that learning into one project, and let's see how it shapes up.\" Suman is yet to set a timeline for his film, \"What's the hurry?\" he wonders, but promises interesting things. And of course, the most interesting is a plan to cast Sunny Leone opposite Adhyayan. Surely seems the adult actress is fast gaining ground among Indian filmmakers. \"And why not,\" lashes out Suman, before carrying on in a more even tone: \"Apart from the fact that I feel she suits the role to a 'T', where's the harm in accepting someone who has never hid her own background? Sunny never lied about what she did for a living, so who are we to judge her?\" At the same time, Suman agrees that all that's been arranged for now is a meeting with Sunny. \"What's the hurry,\" he reiterates, and adds, \"Only now has Adhyayan given me dates. He is a busy lad, he's got four films lined up. And Sunny has only agreed to have a meeting and hear what I have planned for her in my film,\" he shares. In fact, not just make films, Suman says he is keen to act in some as well. \"Of course, in my own production I have written a role for myself. But I don't know why, with my increasing TV appearances, people got the impression that I was not keen on films any more. That is not the case. Kuch interesting hoga toh I will definitely want to work in a film. There is this new energy that one senses in the industry, which makes it so exciting to be there right now.\" Of course, the man who made a move from films to TV fashionable those many years ago, wonders at the content on TV now, especially in his area of expertise - comedy. Says he, \"Comedy shows are increasingly not meant for a family audience. And I really don't understand this trend of making fun of the judges! Jo bhi uss kursi pe baithta hai uski ek maryada hoti hai, but contestants these days just don't seem to care. Arre, thoda bohot chalta hai , but these days the contestants just go overboard. Even if pulling the leg of a judge is a part of their scene, I would request people to refrain from making judges the laughing stock, please.\" In Lucknow in connection with his latest TV venture, the actor couldn't help but marvel at how the city has changed, and for the better, in his opinion. \"The roads are beautiful, at least the ones I traveled on this morning. And even the new buildings that have come up. My city, Patna , should take a leaf out of this place. Yahaan kitna transformation hua hai. But look at Patna, it is still so congested and clammy. The same traffic jams, the same jaded buildings, wahaan pe bohot kuch badalna hai .\" Spoken like a true politico. Only now that Shekhar Suman has shed his political avatar, will the admin pay heed?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15066487", "title": "Technical university seats to go empty yet again", "text": "NOIDA: Even as the counselling session for engineering seats in Mahamaya Technical University (MTU) for 2012 came to a close on Friday, the seats are expected to go empty yet again like last year. University officials blame this on the education system in the state being completely lopsided with 59% of all technical colleges in Uttar Pradesh being located in the NCR.There has been an incredible rise in the number of technical colleges in the NCR in spite of attendance in these colleges steadily declining. \"There is a major problem of demand and supply. It's not viable for colleges to exist and provide quality education in the face of such depleting demand,\" said an MTU official.The problem of only a portion of the students qualifying through the Uttar Pradesh State Entrance Examination actually turning up for counselling is an annual one. In 2011, almost 60% seats in UP technical colleges were unfilled. \"This year it is still too early too given an exact estimate of what the admission is going to be like, but there will be seats empty this year as well,\" said the official.According to MTU sources, the last four years alone have seen the opening of over 150 colleges in the state every year. However, there has been a corresponding decrease in the number of students appearing in the entrance examinations for these courses with the year 2010 seeing almost 60% seats going empty in popular courses such as B.Tech and MBA. \"This is a national trend and technical universities in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu seem to be facing the same problem. We are constantly trying to adapt ourselves with the changing needs of our students.,\" said an MTU official.Officials added that another reason for seats going empty was due to the fees for colleges in the state being significantly higher than those in Rajasthan and Haryana. \"While there are still takers for core engineering courses, specific engineering programmes are suffering,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15067398", "title": "Oxygen supply disruption in CMC: Three held responsible", "text": "KOCHI: A preliminary investigation by Kochi Co-operative Medical College authorities has found three persons morally responsible for the shortage of oxygen supply in the hospital.The two-member committee consisting of Dr P G R Pillai, medical advisor, and Dr Mohan P Sam, medical director, however, found that the death of three patients was due to their illness and not due to disruption in oxygen supply, as alleged by the nurses' union.The committee has asked Dr K G R Mallan, medical superintendent of the hospital, to step down from the post. Rajesh, the technical assistant who was in charge of the oxygen cylinder system, and Akkamma Jacob, ICU head nurse, have been suspended pending inquiries. Meanwhile, a committee headed by three professors of the college has been asked to conduct a detailed inquiry. into the incident.The report will be submitted on Saturday, said Dr Pillai. \"We have not pinpointed any reason for the disruption in oxygen supply, but decided to take action against those morally responsible. The technical assistant was on unauthorized absence and we found there should be regular, trained hands to monitor the supply to the ICUs and operation theatres,\" he said.The government has also asked for a detailed inquiry as the hospital's nurses' organization - the Co-operative Academy of Professional Education registered nurses' association - had sent a complaint to the chief minister, alleging that the three patients died in the hospital ICU last weekdue to lack of oxygen supply. Now, the association has come out saying that thesays the management took action against the nurse in a bid to suppress the union's activities.\"There has been utter mismanagement of services in the hospital, and that is what we want to highlight,\" the association office-bearers said. Meanwhile,Political parties protested on hospital premises on Friday to seek action against those responsiblefor the failure in providing uninterrupted oxygen supply..A preliminary investigation by the Kochi Co-operative Medical College authorities has found three persons morally responsible for the shortage of oxygen supply in the hospital. The two-member committee consisting Dr P GR Pillai, medical advisor, and Dr Mohan P Sam, medical director, however found that the death of three patients was the final culmination of their illness and was not caused by the disruption in the supply of oxygen, as alleged by the nurses' union.The committee has asked Dr KGR Mallan, medical superintendent of the hospital, to step down from the post. Rajesh, technical assistant who was in charge of the oxygen cylinder system, and Akkamma Jacob, head nurse in the ICU, have been suspended pending inquiries.A committee headed by three professors of the college has been asked to conduct a detailed inquiry into the incident. The report will be submitted on Saturday, said Dr PGR Pillai.\"We have not pinpointed any reason for the disruption in the oxygen supply, but decided to take action against those morally responsible. The technical assistant was on unauthorized absence, and we found that there should be regular, trained hands to monitor the supply to the ICUs and operation theatres,\" he said.The government has also asked for a detailed inquiry as the hospital's nurses' organization, the Co-operative Academy of Professional Education registered nurses' association, had sent a complaint to the Chief Minister, alleging that three patients died in the hospital ICU last week due to the lack of oxygen supply. Now the association has come out saying that the management took action against the nurse in a bid to suppress the union's activities.\"There has been utter mismanagement of services in the hospital, and that is what we wanted to highlight,\" say the association office-bearers.Many political parties staged protest on the hospital premises on Friday to seek action against those responsible for the failure in providing uninterrupted oxygen supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066808", "title": "Cops felicitated for rescuing 34 children", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Policemen from Gandhinagar range - Gandhinagar, Sabarkantha and Mehsana districts - managed to rescue illegal labourers and find missing children in past one month. In total, policemen brought back 34 children from various places. As the feat was achieved after a training conducted by UNICEF last month, the organization felicitated 12 policemen in collaboration with the range police officials at Gandhinagar on Friday.Shamsher Singh, inspector general of police, Gandhinagar range, told TOI that they had kept the training for personnel in two parts - one at Gandhinagar and another at Karai for a total of seven days. \"During this training, the emphasis was not only to understand the laws and procedure but also to be sensitive towards issues related to children. In 2012 so far, the range had reported 61 children missing. Out of the number, 54 have been traced and sent back to their families. In past one month, 34 have been found,\" said Singh.The 12 police officials including P O Bhatt, J M Aal, S N Patel; PIs B M Rathwa, A L Acharya, V V Trivedi, SIs and constables and head constables. tnnRavindra Lakshminarayan, Kantilal Nagabhai, Jeetendra Vijendrasinh, Raichand Ratnaji, Balasaheb Aatmaram and Rajendrasinh Batuksinh, constables and head constables, were presented with a certificate of commendation by UNICEF officials and Rs 3,000 cash reward by Gandhinagar range office.\"The officials showed presence of mind and helpful nature. In one of the incidents, a constable saw a group of four children wandering near highway. During their questioning, he got to know that they had fled from a unit where they were kept as bonded labourers. Working on the information, a police team raided and rescued 11 children. In another incident, a police sub-inspector tracked down mentally disturbed teen and brought him home. We hope that such examples motivate others for such feat,\" said a senior police official.Earlier, Chittranjan Singh, state director general of police, had announced that the training will be imparted to all police personnel in districts and cities in phase-wise manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15075897", "title": "Snake scares patients at Jaipur maternity ward", "text": "JAIPUR: A snake has been slithering around in the maternity ward of a Jaipur hospital, scaring patients who were admitted for delivery. Their families brought it to the notice of the doctors.After the snake was spotted over the past three days crawling around the beds of these pregnant women admitted for child delivery, the family members have complained several times to the doctors. However, no efforts to locate and remove the snake have been made. Instead, the women are being shifted to other wards during nighttime.\"My wife is admitted in this primary health center for the past three days. She has spotted a snake crawling around her bed several times. She cried for help, but it disappears into several holes in the wall,\" said one Vishwanath.He added that he and the family members of other pregnant women have complained about this to the doctors several times.\"The senior officials in the district administration have been informed, but we have got no help so far,\" a doctor at the center told TOI.He added that as a precautionary measure, the women are being shifted to some other general wards during nighttime. \"These women are shifted back to the delivery wards in daytime. The family members have been told to keep a watch,\" said the doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066466", "title": "5 IIT-B students design five wonder products", "text": "MUMBAI: Five Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay (IIT-B) students have during their summer internship designed five products that will be of help in day-to-day life. The prototypes of the patent-protected products designed by second year electronic, mechanical &amp; computer science and engineering students will be displayed at an exhibition and then commercialized.The students have designed a pregnant belly protection shield, a seat-occupancy and validation reporting system, help in filing complaints using e-governance, a portable water carrier trolley and a two-wheeler which will not start without a helmet. The last product was designed and put up on display at an exhibition by an engineering institute early this year.The entrepreneur who hired the students for internships, Rajesh Gangar, claimed that version 2.0 of the two-wheeler is ready with automated control of ignition start with the use of sensors and controllers. Sensors will check the helmet position and send a signal to the two-wheeler, which will help the vehicle start. The two-wheeler was designed by Rohan Pillai from the electronic engineering department.Harsh Sharma, a second year engineering student who worked on the pregnant belly protection shield, said, \"We were given the concept and told to work on the product. I started off with thorough research on similar products in the market. The designing and testing have been done by us. We were provided resources by the firm we worked for.\" He added that it was a \"wonderful experience\".Vivek Kumar, an electronic engineering student, designed the seat-occupancy and validation reporting system. Nilesh Jagnik, a student of computer science and engineering, developed software to help in e-governance, said the project was very good and they enjoyed their two-month internship. \"My software will help the authorities to manage complaints sent in by citizens. They can go back to a complaint whenever required, follow up, and update it when the problem is resolved. It will basically help in e-governance,\" said Jagnik.Bharat Monga, a mechanical engineering student, designed the portable water carrier trolley. Gangar said the water trolley was a complete product and the others needed fine-tuning. \"The products can be taken up by companies which have more resources to make them into commodities. We will invite people in the trade. The food &amp; drugs administration may insist on clinical trials for products like the pregnant belly protection shield,\" Gangar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065217", "title": "Fake documents case: CBI arrests Ramdev's aide Balkrishna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Yoga guru Baba Ramdev's aide Balkrishna was on Friday arrested by the CBI after a non-bailable warrant was issued against him by a special court in an alleged fake documents case.The timing of the arrest couldn't have been worse for Ramdev, who is slated to start a fresh round of agitation against corruption and black money from August 9 at the Ram Lila Ground here.On July 10, the agency had filed a chargesheet against Balkrishna, who is reportedly a Nepalese national, in a case relating to alleged submission of alleged fake and forged documents to obtain an Indian passport. The agency has alleged that Balkrishna along with the then Principal of Sanskrit Mahavidayala, Naresh Chand Dwivedi, had conspired to issue the yoga guru's aide fake educational certificates which he used to obtain the passport. The Mahavidayala is located in Khurja, Uttar Pradesh.The agency has booked the duo under IPC sections related to criminal conspiracy, cheating and forgery. Balkrishna also faces an additional charge for the alleged violation of the Passport Act. \"It was alleged in the complaint that the accused had wrongfully obtained an Indian passport. Enquiry established that the accused in connivance with some unknown persons has furnished false information and forged documents to the Passport office at Bareilly (UP) for getting an Indian passport issued,\" the CBI spokesperson had said.The agency had registered a case of cheating and criminal conspiracy against Balkrishna on July 23, 2011, for allegedly procuring fake degrees and violating Section 12 of Indian Passport Act by furnishing fake documents to get an Indian passport.The CBI had said that its investigation had established that the accused, in connivance with the co-accused, had furnished false information and submitted fake and forged High School and graduation certificates to the passport authorities for obtaining the document.The agency had also made a judicial request to Nepal government asking it to ascertain Balkrishna's nationality, but no response has come so far, CBI sources said. The decision to register the case against Balkrishna was taken after Sampurna Nand Sanskrit University denied ever having him on its rolls.Rajnish Shukla, who is the registrar of the university, had told the CBI that Balkrishna's two degrees 'Purv Madhyma', a high school degree 'issued' in 1991, and 'Shastri', a Sanskrit degree 'obtained' in 1996, don't figure in the institute's records. He had said the CBI matched records which showed that the enrolment numbers mentioned in the fudged documents belong to a different student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15064553", "title": "Three held in Hyderabad for cloning bank ATMs", "text": "RANCHI: Three youths were arrested on Friday in Hyderabad in connection with cloning of bank ATM cards in Ranchi. FIRs in this case were lodged last year. A team of Ranchi police have caught the three fraudsters, Varun Kamal Kumar, Ajay Lal Mathur, and Jamir Sheikh, Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15067231", "title": "Advanced hi-tech pollution control vessel commissioned", "text": "SURAT: 'Samudra Paheredar', second in the series of three pollution control vessels (PCVs) being built by ABG Shipyard, was commissioned by admiral Nirmal Verma, chief of the naval staff, and inducted into the service of Indian Coast Guard here on Friday. Verma said, \"The PCV would go a long way in addressing the critical requirement of capacity building in the area of pollution response.\"Samudra Paheredar, one of the most advanced pollution control vessel in Asia, has the capability to recover and store about 500 kilolitres of spilled oil from the sea and transfer it through floating barges.The 95 metre-long vessel, with a displacement of 4,300 tonne, has a top speed in excess of 20 knots. The ship can be deployed for multifarious tasks such as surveillance, interdiction, search and rescue and medical evacuation and is equipped with a maritime helicopter and advanced external firefighting system.The third PCV is slated for commissioning by the end of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15065399", "title": "Rs 3.10 lakh cash stolen from car", "text": "NAGPUR: Thieves broke the driver side window and took away Rs 3.10 lakh cash from the car of a property dealer at Ayurvedic Layout under Sakkardara police station on Friday afternoon. Narendra Shingne (40), a resident of Geeta Nagar, had parked his car in front of the registrar office at around 3 pm. He returned after an hour just to find the window glass broken and bag containing the money missing.Shingne said he along with his three business partners, Kishore Mandre, Rajkumar Kshirsagar and broker Prakash Titarmare had been to the registrar office to submit some documents regarding deal of a plot. A few minutes after, Titarmare came down to fetch the bag which also had some documents, cheque book and a PAN card. After completing formalities at the office, Titarmare again came down to keep the bag in the car. The cash in it was proceeds of some property. Being in a hurry, he kept the bag below the driver's seat instead of in the dickey and returned to the office after locking the car.Shingne said when all of them came down an hour later, they were shocked to find the right hand side window broken and cash missing. Only files were left on the driver's seat. Shingne and his partners quizzed the nearby shop keepers and auto driver but nobody had a clue. He then rushed to police station and filed a complaint.Shingne said that he regularly carried large amount of cash for his business purpose but it was never robbed. He said the miscreants might have noticed Titarmare taking the bag and keeping it back in the driver seat. \"Within 20 minutes they stole it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074846", "title": "Devi Prasad to direct Allari Naresh", "text": "The 'Blade Babji' combo is all set to return back this year. Devi Prasad, who earlier directed Allari Naresh for \"Blade Babji\", is again teaming up with the actor for another hilarious flick.Producer Boppanna Chandrasekhar is bringing back this combination under Jhanavi Productions. And the untitled movie would be formally launched on July 25 at a private studio in Hyderabad. The female lead of the film is yet to be announced.Allari Naresh has become a busy bee these days. The actor is currently working for an untitled socio-fantasy film directed by Satti Babu and G Nageshwar Reddy's film \"Dorakadu\". Also, his Sudigadu, a spoof on contemporary Telugu movies, is slated for August release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074983", "title": "Senior actors should be respected: Hema Malini", "text": "The Dream-girl of Bollywood in her typical unabashed honesty, questions why the media and people conveniently forget the 'senior' actors only to remember them after their death. Actress Hema Malini raised a valid point as she remembered and recalled her experience of working with the late Rajesh Khanna . In her various tv interviews, the actress said, \"People should not forget the senior actors. Of course the fan following can never stay the same but even the media is to be blamed. No ones interested in writing about the actors who's stardom has faded. However, everyone wants to know them once they are dead. That's unfair.\"The actress is known for speaking her mind and we like that quality about her the most.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15077119", "title": "Nicole Scherzinger sobs on X Factor over Hamilton's 10 girl hotel party", "text": "Nicole Scherzinger showed the strain of her relationship with Lewis Hamilton for the first time, as she broke down in tears at the 'X Factor' bootcamp.When a female contestant sang Cher's ' Believe ,' the former Pussycat Doll started crying with filming having to be stopped for several minutes as she composed herself.It comes amid reports that the relationship of the 34-year-old singer and the F1 racer are on the rocks, after he had taken several girls back to his hotel room to party.The lyrics of the hit song proved particularly poignant for Scherzinger.The lyrics include the lines: \"There's no turning back/I need time to move on/I need love to feel strong/Cause I've had time to think it through/And maybe I'm too good for you.\"According to friends, Scherzinger accepted that nothing went on between the McLaren Mercedes driver and the girls but launched into a tirade when she spoke to him on the phone.But as the ' Right Ther e' hitmaker watched the contestant perform the song on stage at the Liverpool Echo Arena, she couldn't hold back her feelings.\"Three make-up artists rushed on to the stage to sort her out as all her make-up had run,\" the Mirror quoted an onlooker as saying.\"She was clearly very upset and it's little wonder as it's been a torrid few days for her. But she's a true pro and just got on with things.\"But it's clear things are very testing for her at the moment,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15067738", "title": "Haryana offers plots in lieu of acquired land", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government on Thursday announced a new \"land pooling scheme\" to make the landowner-farmers partners in the process of planned development of residential and industrial infrastructure.The scheme provides an option to the landowner-farmers to get a portion of \"developed land\" in return for their acquired land. The scheme paves the way for a landowner to get a 1,000 sq yard residential plot and one commercial plot of 100 sq. yard for each one acre of land acquired by the government for development of residential sectors by the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA).In the case of industries department, where infrastructure is developed by the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation, the landowner farmer would have the option to get developed land measuring 1200 sq yard for each one acre of land acquired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15064538", "title": "Govt to regularize illegal constructions in Bezonbagh, HC to rule on encroachments", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra government on Friday proposed to regularize 305 illegal constructions on plots allotted to Empress Mills workers in Bezonbagh area. Additional government pleader Bharti Dangre later said the government will go by the high court orders on all other encroachments and illegal constructions in the area.To allow the regularization, around 27,000 square metres of adjoining land will be included in the layout, says an affidavit filed by Dangre. Out of the 369 illegal constructions, 34 are of original mill workers, 85 are of first legal heirs and 186 are of second and third legal heirs. Only these 305 unauthorized establishments are eligible for regularization, the government affidavit says, since the land grant is for the present and past workers of Empress Mills and their legal heirs.As per development control regulations (DCR), 15% of the 80.9 acres of land allotted was to be reserved as open land and 5% for public utilities. To meet these requirements, and at the same time regularize the illegal encroachments, additional land from adjoining areas will be attached to the layout.The petitioner, Bezonbagh Pragatisheel Kamgar Griha Nirman Sanstha Maryadit, the society whose land has been encroached upon, will have to pay the government the occupancy price of the land which has been valued at around Rs52 crore. Moreover, some minor modifications will also have to be made in the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act, 1956. The petitioners had named animal husbandry minister Nitin Raut and former MLC Ramesh Nikose in the list of encroachers on the land meant for public utility, citing a divisional commissioner's report. Firdos Mirza was counsel for the petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15072880", "title": "Cognizant a leader in business transformation: Forrester", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cognizant has been named a \"Leader\" in business technology transformation by market research firm Forrester.The Forrester Wave Business Technology Transformation report evaluated and scored Cognizant business consulting practice, on the basis of 18 criteria relating to current offering, strategy and market presence, according to a company statement.Cognizant was among the vendors to receive the highest possible scores for vision, business organization, management credentials, and case studies, the statement added.Cognizant \"has a very strong vision; its client references were superb\u2014both on the business and technology side\u2014and it is clear that it deeply understands technology-enabled business transformation. Cognizant is the company to watch in this space in 2012 and 2013,\" the report stated.Cognizant offers high-value consulting services that help clients improve business performance, increase competitive advantage through added efficiency and effectiveness, lower operational expenses, and realize innovation and virtualization strategies, the company statement said, quoting the Forrester report.Clients draw upon Cognizant's deep industry expertise, programme and change management capabilities, and analytical objectivity to improve business productivity, drive technology-enabled business transformation, and increase shareholder value. It operates across 10 vertical industries, including financial services, consumer goods and healthcare, and six horizontal practices that specialize in cross-industry capabilities such as analytics, programme management and customer solutions, the report added.\"We are pleased to have been cited by Forrester Research as a leader in technology-enabled business transformation, and are especially pleased with our strong client references,\" said Mark Livingston, Cognizant senior vice-president (consulting).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15065918", "title": "Sacked CRPF man arrested for duping jobless youths", "text": "LUCKNOW: A sacked jawan of the Central Industrial Security Force (CRPF) was arrested by the Sarojininagar police on Friday on charges of duping jobless innocents in the name of securing them a job in the central para military forces. The arrest was made on the complaint of a CISF officer.The job racket came to light after one Sonu Kumar of Matauli village in Ambedkarnagar approached the Bijnor centre of the CISF in connection with his recruitment and discovered that there was no such thing in the offing. He then told the CISF officials how one Sikandar Yadav, a resident of Shanti Nagar in Sarojininagar police circle on the outskirts of the state capital, had taken Rs 25000 from him claiming he himself was in CISF and will get Sonu inducted in the CPMF as well.On the basis of the information gathered from Sonu, deputy commandant CISF Bijnor centre NP Singh lodged a complaint with the Sarojininagar police informing that Sikandar Yadav was a jawan with the CISF from 2001 to 2005 and was posted at the Mumbai airport during his service period. He was however sacked from the force following a complaint by his wife that he had married another woman.On the basis of the complaint police arrested Sikander from his rented accommodation in Shanti Nagar area of Sarojni Nagar. During interrogation Sikander revealed that he was at his native village of Aruwa in Faizabad ever since he was sacked from the CISF. About three months ago, he shifted to a rented house in Sarojninagar where he was living with his second wife. He confessed to have taken money from Sonu Kumar and also that he had no channel or connections through which he could have had arranged a job for him. A case was lodged with the police in connection with the incident and Sikandar was sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066844", "title": "Another bike catches fire in Anandnagar, cops ascribe it to short-circuit", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After string of a dozen bikes on city roads being burnt on Wednesday night, one more incident was reported that is suspected to have taken place on Thursday night. The police however say this case was an accident and not arson.According to Anandnagar police, Amit Chauhan, a resident of Abhinandan Society near Vastrapur railway station, parked his bike near the railway crossing on Thursday night as he had been to a friend's place. When he came back at 8.30 am on Friday, he saw that the bike's seat and battery was charred. As he had heard about the arson the previous night, he reported the incident to the police.\"We inspected the bike with forensic experts. We believe that it is not a case of arson as no traces of inflammable material have been found from the spot. The battery however has been exposed and the wiring is burnt. We thus believe that it is an accident and it cannot be compared with the arson. The bike's fuel tank is also intact,\" said an Anandnagar police official.Meanwhile, after the arson on Wednesday night, all police inspectors in western city parts were asked to do the patrol at night with all available staff and find the rowdy bikers. Apart from Navrangpura where three bikers were caught for rash driving, no other police station reported any incident. Officials indicated that the intense patrolling will continue at regular intervals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065346", "title": "Shifting base hit tyre traders\u2019 business", "text": "NEW DELHI: By habit, 60-year-old Vijay Kumar reaches his shop by 11am. But without water or electricity for the past three years, he has been forced to start business late in the evening. Kumar says ever since the tyre market at Rani Jhansi Road was relocated to Sanjay Gandhi Transport Nagar by the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD), he has lost 70% of his business.\"My clients don't prefer to come here, as it is really far off. Moreover, we don't have electricity and water connection. The roads are bad. We can't call them here,'' said Kumar.Like Kumar, there are 116 traders\u201492 licensed shop owners and 24 tehbazaari owners\u2014who were relocated here after MCD started the construction work of its ambitious grade separator project at Rani Jhansi Road to decongest the area. While the project is stuck in procedural delays and is just 30% complete, lives of these traders have come to a standstill.\"We were given shops at Rani Jhansi Road soon after Independence. Ever since the market was relocated, I have lost everything. I've to take money from my family members for my daily expenses,\" said Saidas Narang, who was allotted shops at Sanjay Gandhi Transport Nagar. While some traders have managed to get a shop on rent at Rani Jhansi Road, a majority of them have been badly hit.The land on which these 116 shops have been constructed is demarcated as a \"green belt\" in the Master Plan of Delhi-2021. As per it, no construction or commercial activity can be carried out here.Ironically, the civic agency, which is the implementing authority of the MPD-2021, passed a resolution in December 2008 to allot land to these traders. The structures came up after necessary approvals and as per the standard building plan of the civic agency, yet there are no power or water connections.\"We were told that the grade separator is a Commonwealth Games project so we had to shift at the earliest. We were given possession of the land in February 2009 for which were made to pay Rs 87,750 per shop as one-time development charges.\"As per the building plan issued by MCD, we got the shops constructed by paying close to Rs 3 lakh per shop. Now, we are denied the basic facilities,'' said Pramod Talwar, a shop owner who has been actively pursuing the matter with the civic agency.Recently, the civic agency lost the case in which Truck Owners' Welfare Society, Delhi, challenged MCD's decision to allow construction on the green belt. \"It is true that the area where these shops have been constructed is a green zone under the master plan. We are studying all possible options and will prepare a redevelopment plan for the area. We will approach the DDA and the government to change land use,\" said P K Gupta.Officials say that it will take a while to get the land use changed. Until then, the civic agency can't provide any civic facility to these traders.Call it mindless planning or poor execution, the Rani Jhansi flyover project has messed too many lives. With the project stuck in red tape, it is the common man who is at the receiving end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065778", "title": "Gujarat likely to gain from Maruti stir in Haryana", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a sign of the times \u2014 is Haryana's loss Gujarat's gain? On Thursday, Japan issued a tough message against the Haryana government demanding action against the perpetrators of violence at the Maruti plant in Manesar.On Friday, Tokyo is getting ready to welcome Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi to Japan. Modi will be in Japan from Sunday \"to further strengthen the ties between the state of Gujarat and Japan in the context of the global strategic partnership which Japan and India enjoy\".Maruti is believed to be moving to Gujarat as well because of its continuing troubles in Haryana. Gujarat was also the go-to state for Ratan Tata when West Bengal gave him short shrift over Nano in Singur.But Modi's ties with Japan go further. As the first G-8 country to invite him after his visa bans, Modi has made Japanese investment in Gujarat a top priority. The Delhi-Mumbai Industrial corridor (DMIC) traverses through a large part of Gujarat, and reports say Japanese companies are planning to invest in several townships there.A Japan embassy statement said Modi would be meeting ministers, members of the Diet, prefectural governors and eminent business leaders of Japan. He will also attend investment promotion seminars in Tokyo, Hamamatsu and Nagoya organized by JETRO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "krishnapatnam", "code": "15065211", "title": "Fishing harbour delay triggers protest", "text": "KRISHNAPATNAM: Tension prevailed near Krishnapatnam port following the agitation by fishermen on Friday over the delay in taking up the works on the shipping harbour. A large number of police personnel deployed at the port prevented the protestors from reaching the main gate of the port. However, they allowed the agitators to stage a dharna about one km away from the port. The fishermen said they were almost deprived of work after the construction of the major port about five years ago.Seeing the surging fisherfolk, including women, cops resorted to a lathicharge. Ten protestors suffered injuries.The state government promised to complete the fishing harbour even before the completion of works on the port at the time of laying the foundation for the project in 2005. While the works on the massive port was completed long back, the government failed even to lay the first brick for the fishing harbour. \"The government and the port management deceived the fishermen who lost their livelihood due to the non-availability of the harbour,\" criticized Balakrishna, general secretary of state fishermen association, affiliated to CPM.Sources said the management's refusal to fulfill the demands of the association saying it had nothing to do with the fishing harbour project drew the ire of the fisherfolk. While more than 20,000 fishermen families were living along the coast of Nellore district near Krishnapatnam port, half the families were directly affected due to the port. The fisheries department officials blame the port development commissioner for the delay in the construction of the harbour as the latter did not even complete the survey on the location .The government reportedly released nearly Rs 25 lakh for survey but lack of coordination among the government departments delayed the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15064657", "title": "'Submit affidavit on plight of ashram schools'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court on Friday asked tribal welfare minister, Babanrao Pachpute, to file an affidavit on plight of ashram schools across Maharashtra that remain in limelight for various controversies, including poor state of affairs, financial irregularities and mismanagement.A division bench comprising justice Pratap Hardas and justice ML Tahaliyani also directed the tribal department's secretary and deputy secretary (Kailash Bhandalkar, party by name) to submit separate affidavits on steps taken to improve the conditions in these schools where children from poor strata of society pursue education.The court's stern directives came while hearing a PIL filed by social worker Umesh Chaube through his counsel Srikant Khandalkar. He pointed out alleged illegalities committed by the tribal minister while granting permission to the private managements to run these schools. He claimed that the permissions are against earlier directions of the court in many PILs.The petitioner informed that there are 29 schools in Vidarbha, run by private parties. Deliberating on the pitiable conditions of such schools, he added that students are packed in cramped rooms without proper security and there are no toilets available even for girls. Government grants are taken for non-existent students and no medical aids were being availed due to which 75 students had died in three years. Not just students but teaching and non-teaching staff are also exploited.Chaube demanded directions to the respondents to furnish all documents regarding permissions given to private parties to run such schools on permanent/temporary basis and cancel them if found violating the court orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065852", "title": "\u2018Kind\u2019 robbers spare TTE", "text": "NEW DELHI: A travelling ticket examiner was almost robbed by three youths when he was travelling by Taj Express two days ago. Harish Kumar (46) was standing at the door of C-1 when the train halted at Nizamuddin. Suddenly, a youth boarded the train and tried to snatch his briefcase. He pulled Kumar down and jumped off. Kumar fell on the tracks and got injured.As Kumar stood back on his feet, he noticed three men robbing his briefcase. Kumar told them he was a TTE and his briefcase had government documents. The three returned the bag and even asked him to change the blood-soaked shirt. The youths asked him not to reveal their identity and fled.Kumar has been admitted to in Railway Hospital and a case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15067633", "title": "Vigilance staff attacked in VIP area, chain looted", "text": "PATNA: A Reader of State Vigilance Investigation Bureau, Gauri Verma (43), was on Friday attacked by a youth and her gold chain was snatched in the VIP area under Sachivalaya police station. The official residences of CM, former CM, ministers and top bureaucrats are located in the area under this police station and several policemen are deployed at the VIPs' houses.Narrating the incident, Gauri told TOI she lived alone in a rented house at Anandpuri close to Police Colony in Anisabad locality under the Gardanibagh police station as her husband worked in New Delhi.She said as usual she boarded a three-wheeler at Anisabad at around 9.30am and reached Hardinge Road near Durga Sthaan. She got down from the auto and started walking towards her office. \"As I reached near the house of a top bureaucrat on Circular Road, I felt somebody was closely following me. When I turned back, I saw a wheatish complexioned youth behind me with a stick,\" she said, adding \"before I could react, the youth hit me with the stick on my head.\"Gauri said when she tried to protect herself, the youth hit her again with the stick, making her bleed profusely. \"I fell down on the ground. The youth forced me to hand over my gold chain to him,\" she said and added though the youth tried to snatch her ear top also, he fled as some people had started assembling on the spot hearing her screams.She complained of insensitive attitude of the cops present near the spot of crime. \"None of them reacted to the situation. It were the locals who helped me and tied my dupatta on the head to stop bleeding,\" she said and added one of her office colleagues saw her while passing through the place. Soon, more colleagues reached the spot and took her to Gardanibagh Government Hospital for treatment. Her statement was recorded by the Gardanibagh police.ADG (Vigilance) P K Thakur said an FIR had been lodged with the Sachivalaya police station in this connection.City SP, Patna , Jayant Kant said patrolling in the area would be intensified and the accused would be arrested soon. When asked why the policemen deployed there did not come to her rescue, he said this factor would also be looked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065907", "title": "Wet spell continues", "text": "PUNE: The city recorded 6 mm of rain in the 24 hours ending at 5.30 pm on Friday as spells of light to moderate rain continued for the third day in succession.Fairly heavy rains were also reported from the catchment areas of the four major dams that supply water to the city.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast a more spells of light rain in the city in the next 24 hours.Pune has recorded 73.9 mm of rain for the season so far, 191 mm less than the normal for this period.The monsoon has been active over Konkan, Goa and Vidarbha areas as fairly heavy rains were reported from many places in Konkan and at a few places in south central Maharashtra, between Satara and Kolhapur. Mahabaleshwar recorded 31 mm of rain between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Friday, while Kolhapur received 9 mm.The IMD's weekly release, issued on Friday, stated that a low pressure area has formed over the northwest Bay of Bengal and adjoining coastal areas of Odisha and West Bengal. The system will move west-northwestwards across Odisha, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh. \"Under the influence of this system, enhanced rainfall activity is expected in parts of central India,\" an IMD official said.The axis of the monsoon trough, which was in the north of the country, has now shifted southwards and this too will aid rainfall activity in central India, including Maharashtra, the official said. \"An offshore trough runs from the Konkan coast to the Karnataka coast, which is leading to rains in south central Maharashtra and the Konkan and Goa belt,\" the official said.A fresh upper air cyclonic circulation is expected to develop around July 26 in the northwest Bay of Bengal, the IMD has forecast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073969", "title": "Batman director Nolan reacts to Colorado shooting", "text": "Christopher Nolan has offered his condolences to the families of the victims of the deadly shooting carnage that struck the midnight screening of his movie 'The Dark Knight Rises' in Aurora, Colorado on Friday.The 41-year-old director issued a statement on Friday evening, addressing the families in mourning as well as moviegoers around the world.\"Speaking on behalf of the cast and crew of The Dark Knight Rises, I would like to express our profound sorrow at the senseless tragedy that has befallen the entire Aurora community,\" Us magazine quoted him as saying.\"I would not presume to know anything about the victims of the shooting but that they were there last night to watch a movie. I believe movies are one of the great American art forms and the shared experience of watching a story unfold on screen is an important and joyful pastime.\"The movie theatre is my home, and the idea that someone would violate that innocent and hopeful place in such an unbearably savage way is devastating to me,\" he said.Shooter James Holmes' deadly rampage resulted in 12 deaths and left 59 people injured.\"Nothing any of us can say could ever adequately express our feelings for the innocent victims of this appalling crime, but our thoughts are with them and their families,\" he added.Warner Bros. , which described itself as \"deeply saddened,\" has cancelled the premiere in Paris , France and upcoming promotional appearances by the cast have been paused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15065995", "title": "Playgrounds are not poll parks, says CM", "text": "Mumbai: The campaign to disallow political rallies at Shivaji Park and other playgrounds in the state got support from the head of the state on Friday. During proceedings of the legislative assembly, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said that he was of a personal opinion that \"playgrounds should be used only for sports activities.\"Earlier, MNS legislator Mangesh Sangle moved a private members' bill in the assembly for change in norms to allow use of playgrounds for political rallies and sabhas during the campaigning phase for elections.In the run-up to elections for the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), the MNS had approached the court for permission to hold a rally at Shivaji Park in Dadar. Remarking that playgrounds were not poll parks, the court however dismissed the petition.Existing provisions of the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning (MRTP) Act, 1966, do not permit use of playgrounds for political rallies. Rules 37(C) of the Act states that the playgrounds could only be used for functions to mark the \"the Independence Day, the Republic day, the Maharashtra Day, or other events of national importance\".Sangle suggested inclusion of \"campaigning during elections for municipal corporations, assembly and general elections\" in this provision. Supporting the demand, legislators, who spoke during the discussion, said that they saw no reason why playgrounds could not be made available for 10 days during election campaign. Elections only come once in five years, the legislators argued. Besides MNS legislators Nitin Sardesai and Shishir Shinde, BJP legislators Pramod Jathar and Yogesh Sagar also spoke in favour of the demand. Sangle had argued that the existing restrictions forced parties to hold sabhas on roads inconveniencing citizens.Chavan, who spoke last, said he was surprised that no legislators spoke on \"reservation of playground solely for the purpose of sports activities.\" Remarking that leaving playgrounds open for children at all times was important to promote sports culture among GenNext, Chavan exclaimed, \"How many medals are we hoping to win in the London Olympics.\" While reiterating that he was personally opposed to any modification, Chavan said that he would convene a meeting to examine a possibility of a middle ground on the issue. In the past, even senior Congress legislators have supported the demand for political rallies on playgrounds. Sangle withdrew the bill following the assurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15067020", "title": "Minor girl alleges rape, abduction", "text": "RAJKOT: A minor girl who had gone missing four months ago has accused a man of raping her repeatedly and keeping her in confinement after she was traced and rescued by police on Thursday night.According to officials of Rajkot taluka police station, the victim was a 16-year-old girl who lived in Ridhdhi Sidhdhi Society near Gondal Road Chowkdi. \"The girl went missing on April 12 this year after leaving home for school. After her father lodged a complaint, we started a search for her. However, she remained untraceable for four months. On Thursday night, officials of the missing squad received a tip-off about her location at a house in RMC quarters on Nana Mava Road. Following this, we raided the place and found the girl,\" a taluka police official said.In her statement to the cops, the girl said she was living with one Vanraj Babaria, who had forced her into confinement and had raped her several times. \"The girl said she had come in touch with Vanraj who was her neighbour. Vanraj flaunted his financial status before her and coaxed her into agreeing to marry him. After this she eloped with him,\" the official said.The girl alleged that Vanraj had taken her to several places, including Moti Parabadi and Vanthali, where he had physical relations with her. Later, he took her back to Rajkot and put her up at a house in RMC quarters, where they started living together. Whenever the girl asked her for marriage, Vanraj would threaten to throw her out. As she could not return to her parents, she chose to stay with him.Meanwhile, police traced her whereabouts and rescued her. On the basis of her statement, police have booked Vanraj for raping a minor and launched the manhunt against him. Police said Vanraj was not present at home at the time of the raid and he went absconding after the girl was rescued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kasara", "code": "15064441", "title": "Alert engine driver averts tragedy on tracks", "text": "KASARA: It was the presence of mind of the Vidarbha Express engine driver that helped prevent a major tragedy on Thursday night near Umbermali, when the Mumbai-Gondia train collided with the derailed bogies of the Kasara-CST local that left one person dead and 14 injured. The Vidarbha Express driver brought the train to a sudden halt by applying the brakes immediately, as he saw the red signal alert flashed by the motorman of the local. In the impact, the engine derailed and one of the coaches-S10-got on top of another coach-S9.\"The time interval between the derailed local train coming to a halt and the collision was only 117 seconds and the driver did the best possible thing by applying the brakes,\" Central Railway general manager Subodh Jain said after visiting the site.Railway minister Mukul Roy announced an ex gratia of Rs 5 lakh to the dead, Rs 1 lakh each to the grievously injured and Rs 25,000 each to persons who sustained simple injury.TOI was among the first to reach the accident spot on Thursday night and railway officials said the work of rerailing the suburban trains would be done by 1.30am on Saturday. The train services remained suspended between Kasara and Asangaon stations throughout Friday.\"We ran the services normally between CST and Asangaon. Also, long distance trains were diverted via Kalyan-Pune and Diva routes, while some were cancelled on Friday,\" a railway spokesperson said.The accident happened between 9.31pm and 9.32pm when a boulder that slipped due to landslide hit the motorman's cabin while the local was approaching Umbermali station. Before the motorman could react, it hit the second, third, fourth and fifth coaches of the suburban train. Though the motorman applied brakes, 11 coaches had been derailed by then.Passengers in the women's compartment, next to motorman, were the worst hit when the Vidarbha Express engine derailed and collided. Sakina Qureshi (65), a resident of Tiwala, who was returning home from Kasara died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15066847", "title": "Balshali project inspires 700 students to join NCC in city", "text": "VADODARA: The Balshali project that concluded in the city on Friday brought rich dividends for the E Plus Foundation that had organized the event. Over 700 students enrolled for National Cadet Corps (NCC) in the four days of the drive that started on July 17. Also, several youngsters showed interest in joining the defence forces during the drive.A specialized team consisting of air force officers and lady officers visited different institutes in the city and conducted seminar for the awareness regarding joining the armed forces. The team covered M S University, KJIT Institute, Sigma Engineering, Sigma Polytechnic, RMS polytechnic and schools like Baroda High School (Alkapuri, Baghikhana, ONGC and Danteshwar) Narayan Vidhyalaya, Alembic, Wakad Vidhyalay.Some of the colleges also showed keenness to have NCC units on their premises. The closing ceremony of the event was held at BHS Alkapuri on Friday in presence of air marshal (retd) P K Desai. The project is focusing on encouraging more Gujaratis to join the armed forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15064578", "title": "Speaker to take action on assembly job irregularities", "text": "RANCHI: Raj Bhavan is set to hand over to the assembly speaker acase relating to the alleged irregularities in appointment and promotion of staff at the assembly secretariat and ask him to take appropriate action.Taking cognizance on the issue based on media reports and information from reliable sources, governor Syed Ahmed served a notice to the assembly secretariat seeking a detailed report on all appointments and promotions since the formation of Jharkhand assembly. Based on the queries of Raj Bhavan, assembly secretary S K Pandey submitted the details to the governor's house which is now likely to forward it to the speaker asking him to take appropriate action.Confirming receipt of the report, principal secretary to the governor Aditya Swaroop said after consultation with constitutional experts and legal advisors to the governor, it was concluded that speaker is all powerful in the matters of assembly and that he is only competent to take any action with matters related to appointment and promotions. \"Abiding by the constitutional provisions, the report sought from assembly secretariat will be forwarded to the speaker for further action,\" he said clarifying that the speaker was free to expedite his constitutional powers to order further probe, if required, before taking any action.Although Raj Bhavan secretariat denied scrutinizing or interpreting the report received from the assembly, sources said the report points out the irregularities in the procedure adopted for appointments and promotions. The irregularities have been rampant during the tenure of former speakers Inder Singh Namdhari and Alam Gir Alam. While prior approval before making appointments has not been taken in some cases, additional appointments have been made in some cases the number of which rose above the sanctioned strength. Rules have been subverted in giving promotions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066765", "title": "Gujarat University committee finds irregularities galore", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A monitoring committee of Gujarat University (GU) is on the prowl these days. Not to check on academic activities but to gauge the number of empty seats in BCom colleges affiliated to GU.The committee is also probing why certain colleges are not admitting students despite having empty seats. Over 4,800 seats are empty in 48 BCom colleges in the city. In the last 10 days, committee members have found that several colleges have disregarded the merit list announced by GU authorities and violated norms giving admission to handicapped students.\"We have also found some colleges admitting students who do not fulfill the criteria to the sports quota. Our inspections have also revealed that some colleges are not admitting students and instead prefer to hold back seats so they can later accept donations and provide admissions via the backdoor,\" said a committee member.The committee members, however, are in fix these days. Despite approaching the vice chancellor's office regularly in the last four days, they are unable to get an audience with GU's top officer. \"We could not find the in-charge VC in his office on all four days,\" said a committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15067416", "title": "US Senators urge Pentagon for closer defence ties with India", "text": "WASHINGTON: Top American Senators have asked Pentagon to develop a closer defence relationship with India, while emphasising that it is in the interest of both the US and India to continue building a strategic and military culture of cooperation between the two countries.Ahead of the India visit of deputy secretary of defence Ashton B Carter, Senators John Cornyn and Mark Warner, asked the top Pentagon official in a letter that they believe it is time to consider the potential for a US partnership with India to co-develop or co-produce military weapon systems.Cornyn and Warner are the co-chairs of the Senate India Caucus. With 38 Senators, the Senate India Caucus is the largest country-specific caucuses in the United States Senate.\"We see the partnership between our two democracies as critical to the maintenance and expansion of a rules-based international system that promotes freedom, democracy, security, prosperity, and the rule of law in the 21st century,\" Cornyn and Warner wrote in the letter to Carter.The letter, written on Friday, was also released to press. \"Recent US arms sales have benefitted the US and India alike, increasing commonality of military equipment platforms, providing expanded opportunities to conduct joint military exercises, and contributing to security in the Indo-Pacific region,\" they wrote.\"With these interests in mind, and with the goal of further expanding US-India defence trade, we encourage you to actively engage with your Indian counterparts to develop ways to improve the compatibility of the defence acquisition systems of the United States and India,\" the top US lawmakers wrote.The two Senators urged Carter to include in his discussions with Indian officials two important focus areas -- ways to improve the compatibility of US and Indian defence acquisition systems and potential opportunities for co-development or co-production of defense equipment with India.\"As India undertakes its expansive military modernisation programme - projected to cost an estimated USD 80 billion by 2015 - numerous prospects exist for the US to further expand defence trade and cooperation with India,\" it said.\"As we know you agree, recent US arms sales have benefitted the US and India alike, increasing commonality of military equipment platforms, providing expanded opportunities to conduct joint military exercises, and contributing to security in the Indo-Pacific region,\" the Senators wrote.\"With these interests in mind, and with the goal of further expanding US-India defence trade, we encourage you to actively engage with your Indian counterparts to develop ways to improve the compatibility of the defence acquisition systems of the United States and India,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15066810", "title": "Comed-K counselling from today", "text": "BANGALORE: The seat selection process for Comed-K will begin on Saturday at NMKRV College Mangala Mantapa, Jayanagar 3rd Block.Medical and dental counseling will be held on Saturday and Sunday and that of engineering from July 26 to August 9. As many as 9,135 candidates are eligible to attend the counselling for medical and dental courses and 45,185 candidates for engineering courses. There are 695 medical, 748 dental and 18,124 engineering seats available through Comed-K.As many as 77,750 candidates appeared for the written examination conducted by the Comed-K on May 6, 2012 so as to make selection for 40% of the medical, 45% of the dental and 30% of the total engineering seats in 12 medical, 25 dental and 148 engineering private institutions in Karnataka.The counselling will commence every day at 8am. A separate 'late comer's session' for those who attend late on a particular day of counselling will be held. Candidate must be physically present and no proxy registration is permissible. Original certificates along with one set of attested photocopies of the required documents should be furnished at the time of counselling. If valid certificates regarding SC/ST/OBC or Minority are not furnished, the candidate will be considered under General Merit Category only.The annual tuition fee payable at the time of counselling is Rs 3,57,500 for medical, Rs 2,53,000 for dental and Rs 50,000 for engineering streams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15073372", "title": "Gujarat to get cyber lab to take on online crime", "text": "AHMEDABAD: According to the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), Gujarat reported an almost 50% rise in crimes under the Information Technology Act, 2000. Compared to 35 cases in 2010, the number shot up to 52, of which 36 were in Ahmedabad alone.With the ever-expanding web of new-age cyber crimes, the Data Security Council of India (DSCI), an initiative by Nasscom, has decided to help state police forces by setting up cyber labs in every state in the country. Today eight such labs are functioning in cities such as Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore and Hyderabad. Gujarat will soon have one such lab, said DSCI officials during a cyber crime awareness workshop organised by DSCI and the Department of Electronics and Information Technology in collaboration with Gujarat Forensic Sciences University (GFSU) at Gandhinagar on July 20 and 21.Speaking about the initiative, K Venkatesh Murthy, program manager, cyber cell, DSCI, told that such cells differ from crime investigating teams. They not only keep the men in khaki updated about the latest trends and investigation tools, but also train them on a regular basis.\"Since 2004, nearly 20,000 policemen from various centres have been trained under the initiative. Initially these were limited to major cities such as Chennai, Kolkata, Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Hyderabad and Bangalore which were hubs of the IT and ITeS industry. However, in the last few years, cyber crime has spread its tentacles all around we found it logical to become the backbone of the police investigation system,\" said Murthy.DSCI officials said police personnel and officers will be trained in the basics of computer hardware, tracking emails and mobile phones, computer forensics and cyber laws. \"Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the initiative has been submitted to the central government. In the next phase, we will collaborate with state governments and police departments for its implementation. Where such a setup exists, we can help them upgrade or set up an alternative centre. These centres will have project managers and instructors who are well-acquainted with technology,\" said a senior DSCI official.At the moment, Directorate of Forensic Sciences (DFS), Gandhinagar, has computer forensic facilities whereas while Ahmedabad crime branch is gearing up for a new cyber crime department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15067812", "title": "Jains gather in city to observe 30-day fast for world peace", "text": "CHENNAI: \"I was addicted to tobacco and suffer from hypertension, diabetes and swollen kidneys. Despite this I am observing the fast as faith in my guru has motivated me to do the impossible,\" says 54-year-old Kishan Lal Ranka of Pudupet. He was among the 10 people who began a 30-day or 720-hour fast for world peace at the YMCA grounds in Royapettah on Friday, on the eve of the 113th birth anniversary of 'Rashtra Sant' Anand Rishi, a Jain saint.Nearly 7,000 Jain devotees, mainly from Ahmednagar, Pune, Bangalore and Chennai, thronged the YMCA ground on the occasion which was also the last day of an eight-day (athai) fast undertaken by 600 people. For 20-year-old Suraj Solanki, a student of Vivekananda College, who ended his eight-day fast, said, \"My faith and devotion gave me the will power.\"People listened in rapt attention to the spiritual discourses of many acharyas, including Pravin Rishi, Rajyash Surishwar and Gautamuni. Later, Acharya Pravin, who came barefoot from Pune to Chennai, said: \"People have undertaken the fast for world peace and as a mark of devotion for their guru. The world is in a flux and ultimately humanity which is steeped in divinity will triumph despite the prevalence of evil.\" A new era would dawn, he said. For four months from the last week of July, Acharya Pravin said, he would discourse on topics such as law of karma, a happy home, facts about Jainism, etc.Mukesh Muthiyan from Ahmednagar, who began a 30-day fast, for the fifth time, said, \"will power and devotion can perform miracles.\" \"My gall bladder burst when I was fasting for the fourth time but I did not break the fast,\" he added.Ahimsa Parmo Dharma (non-violence is the ultimate virtue), the basic tenet of Jainism, and the need to inculcate a desire for inner peace through penance which would culminate in world peace was constantly stressed at the event, a confluence of all Jain sects. \"In 2010, the event was held at Dadavadi in Ayanavaram and saw equal participation and enthusiasm,\" said Sanjay of Sakal Jain Shree Sangh Chaturmas Samiti, which organized the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15066400", "title": "22-year-old electrocuted in illegal connection bid", "text": "JAIPUR: A 22-year-old youth who had come to his married sister's house here from Pali allegedly died of electrocution in Mahesh Nagar police station area. The incident happened on Thursday night.Family members of the youth alleged that police conducted postmortem of the body in the absence of the victim's parents. However, police said the parents had a dispute with their daughter as they were not happy with her marriage.According to the police, the deceased, identified as Jitendra alias Jeetu, was a resident of Badari village in Pali district. \"He had come to the house of her sister at Gujjar Ki Thadi area on Thursday. His sister Meena had called him to Jaipur to participate in her marriage anniversary function,\" SHO Mahesh Nagar Tarun Kumar Somani said.Somani further said since Meena's in-laws did not have an electricity connection he was trying to get connection from some overhead wires near the house.\"Jitendra was trying to get the electricity illegally from the nearby wires when he was electrocuted. The sister said he was rushed to hospital where he died. We carried out the postmortem in the presence of her sister and her in-laws. The report is awaited,\" the officer said.However, Jitendra's uncle Devilal who rushed to Jaipur from Pali after the incident said it was a mysterious death. \"Jitendra's parents were informed by some neighbours of her sister around 11 pm on Thursday that he was not keeping well. Then suddenly they told us around 6 am on Friday that he had died,\" Devilal said.Devilal added that police did not wait for the parents to arrive in the city. \"It was completely illegal to conduct the postmortem in the absence of the parents,\" he alleged.The SHO said during preliminary investigations, it has come up that the victim's parents did not have good relations with their daughter.\"They did not want her to stay with her husband. However, Jitendra was on his sister's side. We have launched an investigation. The statement of the deceased's family members are yet to be taken,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15072418", "title": "Karunanidhi admitted to hospital following stomach pain, discharged later", "text": "CHENNAI: Former chief minister and DMK president M Karunanidhi was admitted to a private hospital in the early hours of Saturday after he complained of stomach pain and nausea. He was discharged a few hours later after treatment. Doctors said he was fine after medication.Sources in the hospital said the 89-year-old DMK patriarch was admitted to hospital around 2.30 am and was treated by one of his family physicians Dr K R Palanisamy.\"He complained he was not feeling well around midnight. A doctor visited him at his CIT colony residence and advised him to get admitted into the hospital for a while,\" said a party sourceHe ate some snacks the previous evening at the party headquarters. \"The oily food did not go well with him,\" said the source.Karunanidhi's wife Rajathi Ammal and his daughter and Rajyasabha MP Kanimozhi accompanied him to the hospital.\"Doctors advised him not to have food outside, He is all right now. He was discharged from hospital at 6.45 am,\" a senior party leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066023", "title": "Nigerian held for rape, ATM card misuse", "text": "Mumbai: Vakola police on Friday arrested a Nigerian on charges of raping a young girl after promising to marry her and also misusing her ATM card. The accused, Prince John was in the custody of Bengaluru police for raping the girl's aunt, a nursing student in May.Abraham Mathai, president of Indan Christian Voice who had helped the victims approach police said, \"The second victim approached me and I asked her to file a complaint. The accused had fraudulently used the girl's ATM cards. In one of her accounts, he had deposited Rs 25 lakh and withdrew using ATM card over a period of time.\"The second victim was initially reluctant to approach the police. John had collected Rs 1.25 lakh from a Chennai resident promising job in the UK. Police suspect he had asked several job aspirants to deposit money in the second victim's bank account. He later withdrew the amount, police said.The Chennai-based job aspirant found out the account in which he deposited the money belonged to the second victim. She then realized that he had misused her ATM cards. She handed over the cards because he said his parents would send money from abroad and he had no bank account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15066197", "title": "27% petrol pumps reserved for OBCs, allotment via lottery", "text": "NEW DELHI: The oil ministry on Friday changed fuel marketing guidelines to carve out the biggest piece of pork-barrel in recent times by reserving 27% of new petrol pump dealerships for OBC (other backward class) applicants.To ensure that the move is not criticized as a vote-bank patronage, the revised guidelines also said all future dealers would be selected through draw of lots. A ministry statement, however, said the step was being taken to make the dealer-selection process more transparent by removing any subjectivity.As first reported by TOI on October 19, 2011, the oil ministry had pushed state-run fuel retailers to announce opening of 11,600 new petrol pumps ahead of elections in five states that concluded in March, 2012.The changed guidelines would help extract the maximum political benefit for the ruling coalition in upcoming assembly elections, particularly Gujarat, by reserving most of these new petrol pumps for a big chunk of voters.The ministry first made the move in January, 2012, but it got stuck because of the model code of conduct kicking in ahead of the state polls. But with oil minister S Jaipal Reddy approving the proposal on Thursday, the ministry's corridors in Shastri Bhavan are expected to see a rush of favour-seekers once again, harking back to days when quotas and VIP references held key to a cooking gas connection or a petrol pump.The guidelines reserve 25% of new pumps for SC and ST applicants. The new guidelines would see that reduced to 22.5%, while 27% dealerships would be reserved for OBCs. The remaining 50% of the pumps would be for general category candidates. About 33% of the locations in each category are reserved for women belonging to that particular category.In addition, physically handicapped, former/martyred paramilitary/police personnel, freedom fighters and outstanding sportspersons would also get quota in each of the three categories \u2014 SC/ST, OBC and general.Physically-handicapped persons get 5% reservation, while paramilitary/police/government personnel and defence personnel are each allotted 8% of new petrol pumps. Another 2% reservation is provided for freedom fighters and outstanding sportspersons, taking the overall reservation to 50%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15066397", "title": "Haryana bans chewable tobacco products", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana on Friday announced the decision to ban the manufacturing, storage, distribution and sale of gutkha, pan masala and other chewable products containing tobacco in the state.The decision was taken by the state cabinet, and the ban will come into effect from August 15.While five other states\u2014Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh\u2014have banned gutka, Maharashtra was the first state to ban pan masala. Punjab too is planning a similar ban. Himachal Pradesh had banned chewable tobacco products on July 13 but took a u-turn on July 17 and deferred the decision.Haryana principal secretary (health) Navraj Sandhu said the ban would be strictly implemented in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15066141", "title": "CBI to file chargesheet in Prajapati encounter case by Aug 14", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday granted the fifth and final extension to CBI for filing chargesheet in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case, probe into which was initially directed to be completed by October 7 last year.Earlier, the CBI had told the SC that transfer of its chief investigating officer (CIO) at the last stage of probe had delayed filing of charge-sheet and that it needed time till June 30 to do the needful. The court had transferred probe to the CBI on April 8, 2011 with a direction to complete it within six months.A bench of Justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar gave two weeks over and above what senior advocate Vivek Tankha had sought on behalf of the CBI but clarified that this would be the last extension to wrap up investigations and file charge-sheet.The CBI had earlier told the SC that it had gathered evidence to show that Prajapati was the third person travelling with Sohrabuddin Sheikh and his wife Kauserbi when they were abducted by Gujarat police officials near Sangli in Maharashtra in November 2005.The agency has already named former Gujarat minister Amit Shah as an accused in the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case in addition to senior police officers D G Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandiyan and Dinesh M N, who were earlier charge-sheeted by Gujarat police.The CBI had also questioned Shah in connection with Prajapati's killing. Agency sources told TOI that a lot of evidence had been gathered showing alleged link between the two encounters and suspected role of Shah in both. However, it was closely weighing the strength of the evidence so as to ensure that it stood judicial scrutiny.Sohrabuddin was killed in an alleged fake encounter on November 26, 2005, and Prajapati was killed in a similar fashion on December 28, 2006. In its application, the CBI said, \"Detailed investigations have already been conducted regarding the abduction of Sohrabuddin and Kauserbi, the mode and manner by which they were taken to Gujarat, the vehicles and police personnel involved in the case. The CBI has also undertaken detailed investigation in Andhra Pradesh by examining and recording the statements of a number of police officers apart from the investigation in other aspects of the case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15068786", "title": "Balachandra L Jarkiholi beats Shobha in house race", "text": "BANGALORE: The tussle between two ministers over a bungalow has ended with municipal administration minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi virtually encroaching upon government property.For his loyalty, former CM DV Sadananda Gowda allotted the house on upmarket Race Course Road to Jarkiholi after Yeddyurappa moved out. CM Jagadish Shettar realloted it to energy minister Shobha Karandlaje (in pic).Not wanting to lose it, Jarkiholi rushed through with the house-warming ceremony on Friday by hosting lunch for legislators. A top official in the department and personal and administrative reforms (protocol) insisted there's an official order that it's been allotted to Shobha. \"This is nothing but encroachment,\" he quipped.When contacted, Shobha said she had no problems with Jarkiholi occupying it. \"What can be done now? He has already performed the housewarming ceremony. I'll be happy with any house allotted to me,\" she said.An RTI query revealed that Yeddyurappa spent Rs 1.7 crore of public money to renovate it. Renovation and fittings of the master bedroom cost Rs 34.55 lakh. This includes toilet works and interiors (Rs 10 lakh), marble flooring (Rs 10 lakh), false ceiling and wall designs (Rs 4.4 lakh) and gypsum board and wall paneling (Rs 10.15 lakh).The reply also revealed that Rs 14.65 lakh was spent to improve 'bedroom number 2', including marble flooring (Rs 10 lakh) and imported wall paper (Rs 4.65 lakh).TOI found copies of the comprehensive development plans of Bangalore prepared by Bangalore Development Authority in one room used by Yeddyurappa, who also held the Bangalore development portfolio.Stop meetings, focus on drought: GadkariBANGALORE: The BJP high command issued a stern order to all its leaders and ministers here - stop hosting breakfast, luncheon and dinner meetings of their camps.With a view to stamping out dissidence , BJP president Nitin Gadkari is believed to have called former chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and sought an explanation for hosting a dinner for his followers on Thursday at his official residence. Rejig of portfolios and election of the state BJP president were reportedly discussed.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar also met deputy CMs KS Eshwarappa and R Ashoka about reshuffling of portfolios. As the party has fielded Jaswant Singh in the vice-president poll, BJP top brass feels that groupism will adversely affect its prospects. Gadkari is also said to asked them to concentrate on providing relief to drought-affected regions.Sources said all top leaders, including former CM BS Yeddyurappa, have agreed on reshuffle. \"It may happen in August first week,'' they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15068608", "title": "Police set up 2 teams to trace carjackers", "text": "BANGALORE: Police are clueless about carjackers and muggers on the rampage since last week. While private company employee Karthik Selvaraj was robbed of his cash and mobile near Richards Road in Pulakeshinagar on July 12, three muggers ambushed software engineer Sourabh Ghosh, 29, who was talking to his fiancee near her PG accommodation on Thursday before they drove away his Hyundai car in JP Nagar.DCP (south) Sonia Narang told TOI two special teams have been formed to nab the muggers . \"ACPs of Jayanagar and Banashankari are leading the teams . We have questioned many persons and checked a few vehicles . We have some vital clues on culprits and their whereabouts ,\" Sonia told TOI. Pulakeshinagar police said night patrolling has been increased and video-recording all vehicles and drivers at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15071905", "title": "For 'Ek Tha Tiger' Salman learns dirty running", "text": "Known for his action blockbusters, Salman Khan walks well actually literally runs the extra mile for performing action sequences in his August Eid release Ek Tha Tiger.Salman underwent rigorous training in 'Dirty Running', a physical fitness regime. The trained for over 30 days to make sure he gets all his stunts right as he was keen on doing all the stunts by himself. The physical discipline involves training in running, leaping and swinging across buildings, climbing all utilizing immense upper body strength.Salman, in Ek Tha Tiger is playing the character of a secret agent who is sent from India to Dublin as a RAW agent. The film has raunchy songs with thrilling action sequences all choreographed by ace Hollywood stunt director Conrad Palmisano who has major Hollywood films like Rush Hour series, Rambo and Bourne series to his acclaim.Salman has proved that age has no bars for when a superstar decides to entertain and give some new to his audience every time he performs on screen! Seems like someone is taking a leaf out of Action star Akshay Kumar's book. Akki is a Pilates enthusiast, John Abraham's beefy look has often been compared to Sylvester Stallone . However, in B-town, Sanjay Dutt and Salman Khan, popularised the concept of workouts amongst actors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15068894", "title": "Hitman hired by convent principal held in Barmer", "text": "JAISALMER: Barmer police on Friday arrested a Mumbai-based \"sharpshooter\" who had allegedly been hired by the principal of a prominent missionary school to kill a local youth.Police report says, the youth had been protesting the 55-year-old principal's alleged illicit relations with a lady teacher. The principal hired the sharpshooter for Rs 3.5 lakh through his brother who lives in Mumbai, police said. The principal and the lady teacher are allegedly on the run after the sharpshooter's arrest.District SP Rahul Barhat said that the sharpshooter, identified as Wahid Sheikh (35), is resident of Mumbai and was staying at a hotel in the town from where he was rounded up early on Friday. \"Wahid is a known Mumbai criminal. He has been involved in several crimes. Our police team is camping in Mumbai to gather more details about him,\" he added.Barhat said that Vijumen Cherian, a resident of Barmer, had approached the police recently alleging that the principal of Saint Paul, father Sebastian DeMello, had an illicit relationship with a 28-year-old teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15075817", "title": "Conjunctivitis cases on the rise in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite low rainfall this year, conjunctivitis or pink eye cases are on the rise in the city like all years.The number of cases of the disease may be a little less, but the severity of the infection is not any less. Doctors are asking people to take care of basic hygiene and avoid being in crowded places if affected by the pink eye, in order to prevent the spread of this contagious infection.\"The number of patients that we see with this viral infection is rising every day. Even now, at least five per cent of the patients are those with conjunctivitis, with 5-7 people complaining of it every day,\" said Dr Ashok Madan, head of ophthalmology department of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). He also said that if an affected person was to maintain basic hygiene by washing hands and eyes frequently through the day, the spread of the disease can be prevented.Opthalmologist Dr Anand Pangarkar said, \"The patients I am seeing these days are complaining of severe forms of the disease wherein they are unable to open their eyes because of swelling. Most years, the infection has already spread by this time while this year it has only just begun.\" He advised the use of goggles by affected people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15068649", "title": "Tea can help fight terror attack", "text": "LONDON: A cup of tea could be a secret weapon to fight poison used in terror attacks if UK scientists are to be believed.Academics at Cardiff University's School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences discovered a chemical, polyphenol found in tea can deactivate ricin - a highly-toxic ingredient used in fatal terrorist attacks, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Professor Les Baillie was quoted by the paper as saying: \"We already knew that tea had the ability to inhibit anthrax - as long as it is black tea with no milk. Our new findings suggest that if the security services want to counter the threat of ricin, they may find the answer in their morning cup of tea.\"Since the First World War ricin has had a gruesome reputation as a bioweapon. A tiny amount of ricin after getting into the bloodstream can kill a person within two to three days.And it comes from the humble castor oil bean, a powerful laxative, used medicinally for centuries, that is available in many health food shops and online.Ricin is used in an arsenal of terrorist weapons, and has already been at the centre of a number of attempted terrorist attacks in the US, the report said.The new discovery follows on from research done by Cardiff scientists which showed chemicals in English breakfast tea known as polyphenols were able to kill bacillus anthracis, the organism which causes anthrax and was used in the 2001 US anthrax mail attacks.The new discovery follows on from reserach done by Cardiff scientists which showed tea has an unexpected array of talents outside the morning cuppa.Professor Baillie said: \"These toxins, such as ricin, have been shown to have been used by nasty people, and nasty countries, to do nasty things.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "perambalur", "code": "15066075", "title": "After Bengal, TN boy made to drink his own urine by teachers", "text": "PERAMBALUR: Close on the heels of a class five student being made to drink her urine as punishment for bed wetting in West Bengal , a ninth standard boy of a private school in Perambalur was allegedly forced to drink his own urine and beaten up by three of his teachers at the school's hostel on Thursday.The incident came to light on Friday evening after the boy was admitted to the government hospital in Kumbakonam in Thanjavur district for treatment. The panic-stricken boy had escaped from the school on Friday morning and reached his hometown, Kumbakonam.The 14-year-old boy is the son of D Desingurajan (40) and D Poongodi (36) from Chozhan Maligai village near Kumbakonam. He is studying class nine at a private school in Agaramsigoor in Perambalur district.Speaking to TOI on Friday night, Desingurajan, \"I am undergoing treatment in the Kumbakonam GH for a fracture in my leg. My son came here with swelling on his back this (Friday) afternoon. My son told me that he was subjected to drink his urine and beaten up by his teachers Sakthivel, Karuppaiah and Raja on Thursday night in the hostel when he had asked them for permission to attend nature's call. So, he was upset and escaped from the hostel today (Friday) morning. A hostel warden called up my wife to know if my son came to our house. But the warden did not say anything about the incident. Now, he is undergoing treatment, in the same hospital by my side.\"Desingurajan lodged a complaint with Kumbakonam GH police who have conducted a preliminary inquiry with the boy. However, as the incident took place in Perambalur district, the Perambalur police will conduct the inquiry.When contacted, special branch police, Perambalur, confirmed the incident and said the police was in touch with the school administration. According to the police, the school administration had denied the charge of forcing the student to drink urine by any of the school teachers. However, Perambalur police will conduct an inquiry. A case is yet to be registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15067688", "title": "Probe against ex-civil surgeon a non-starter", "text": "PATNA: It seems health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey makes announcements, only to forget them. This is what happened to the minister's announcement in June to form a committee to look into charges against a former Patna civil surgeon for allowing reopening of two radiology centres conducting foetus' sex determination tests illegally in the state capital. The centres had earlier been closed down by the government. The committee was supposed to submit its report within three days.However, the minister's decision was not implemented and the committee, which was to be headed by health secretary, was never formed.Health secretary Sanjay Kumar is unaware of formation of any such committee. When asked about it, he said, \"I have not been told about any such committee.\" However, he said, the two centres - the Maurya X-ray and Ultrasound Centre, Kankarbagh, and Ford Hospital and Research Centre, Khemnichak - have been resealed. Cases have been filed against them in the court of judicial magistrate first class, Patna, he said.However, the moot point remains unanswered: Why no action has been taken so far against the former Patna civil surgeon concerned?The matter was raised in the state assembly too in March this year, and Choubey had conceded that a former Patna civil surgeon had allowed reopening of these two centres. The civil surgeon had taken a written undertaking from the two centres that they would not repeat their mistakes and ordered removal of the seal.On February 11, a team from the National Inspection and Monitoring Committee, Union health ministry, during its visit to the state had found the centres violating the provisions of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Technique (Prohibition of Sex Selection), Act, 1994. The team had ordered sealing of the centres and filing of FIRs against their promoters. A show-cause notice was also issued to the then Patna civil surgeon. The opposition had demanded lodging of an FIR against him, to which the health minister had said that action would be taken only after the department went through the charges levelled against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15066502", "title": "Teenager stabbed to death in cricket row", "text": "BANGALORE: A 19-year-old school dropout who worked as a labourer was stabbed on Thursday evening over a trivial dispute in a cricket match. He succumbed to injuries on Friday.The match was played at Kempegowda Grounds in Srinivasanagar, Bangalore South.Police said VH Srinivasa, 19, a native of Halagur in Mandya district, was playing with some friends, most of them labourers and odd-job men from his neighbourhood in Nagendra Block. During the game, there was a dispute over one of them being bowled out.The teams started arguing and an unidentified person stabbed Srinivasa with a pocket knife. He was rushed to Victoria Hospital.DCP (south) Sonia Narang said, \"We've taken seven suspects into custody for questioning but yet to identify the killer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "15067754", "title": "Jawan held for raping officer's minor daughter in Ooty", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: An Army jawan attached to the Defence Service Staff College, located inside the Wellington cantonment in the Nilgiris district, was arrested on Friday for allegedly raping his superior officer's minor daughter on Thursday. The jawan, Bupender Singh (28) was working as an orderly in the house of the eight-year-old girl's father, a colonel.The girl's father, a native of Madhya Pradesh, and his wife, also a defence officer in the rank of major, were working in Punjab. They were transferred to Wellington 20 days ago. The jawan, a native of Uttarakhand who was working in the officer's house in Punjab, also got a transfer and came to Wellington, police said.Singh was arrested based on a complaint filed by the girl's mother. \"Based on the complaint, an enquiry was conducted. Subsequently, Bupender Singh was arrested in the evening,\" police inspector Chennakesavan said. He was charged under IPC Section 376 (rape) and remanded in judicial custody. The girl was sent to Ooty government hospital for medical examination on Friday and the doctors confirmed rape, police said.The couple was staying in a house in the army quarters. The alleged incident took place on Thursday when the girl's parents had gone for work. The girl had not gone to school as she was sick and was alone at home. She shouted for help and neighbours rushed to the house and caught the orderly red-handed.\"We charged the jawan with rape only after the getting the doctor's report. He has been lodged in Coimbatore central prison. We are conducting a detail inquiry,\" Chennakesavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15065923", "title": "MHRD pulls up BBAU's acting V-C", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Union ministry of human resource development (MHRD) has pulled up the Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University's (BBAU) acting vice-chancellor Prof B Hanumaiah for interfering in university's affair. In a letter written to the university, the ministry has stated: \"The V-C was requested to refrain from initiating any action to make selections/promotions, two-three months before the expiry of his term. The advice is valid till the new vice-chancellor is appointed. Accordingly, consideration of policy issues and appointments made by the Board of Management (BoM) headed by the present V-C who has completed his term (on June 17) and has been allowed to continue till his successor joins, will not be in order''.The ministry also rebuked the university for not sending their clarification on the appointment of three persons - RK Sonkawade, Sanjay Kumar and Prof NMP Verma in the Board of Management (BoM) - the principal executive body. One of the BoM members has alleged that the university had illegally removed the sitting members of the BoM and inducted these three ineligible persons.The MHRD has sent this terse letter after the university sidelined the show-cause notice issued by the President of India's office regarding anomalies in appointments of 42 teachers and had proposed a meeting of BoM on July 22. In this light, the MHRD has directed the university to keep the July 27 BoM meeting in abeyance till the university furnished a clarification in respect of three 'illegal' appointment in the BoM.According to a BoM member, appointment of RK Sonkawade as professor has yet not been ratified by the BoM and therefore, he should, by any means, not have been included in the BoM. Similarly, as per the statute, Sanathan Nayak, head, department of economics, should have been appointed in the BoM but unfortunately his junior, Sanjay Kumar have been favoured. The BoM member also mentioned that Prof DP Singh refused to be the head and therefore his term in BoM should have continued till August. However, Prof NMP Verma has been nominated in place of Prof Singh.The MHRD, in this regard, has sought explanation from the university on June 27 but the university's reply is still waiting. The ministry states that under present circumstances, the composition of BoM is under dispute, and that the business transacted by this BoM will have no legality and validity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15066190", "title": "Denmark woman sends cops into tizzy", "text": "MADURAI: A woman from Denmark kept police personnel in the city on their toes, as she failed to return home on Thursday night and the worried husband filed a missing complaint. The woman, however, returned home on Friday evening.The couple, Alocious and Mary Rineeta (42) are from Sri Lanka but settled in Denmark with a Danish citizenship and have two daughters. The couple came to Madurai on July 18 since Alocious had a pen friend in the city and stayed in his house.Rineeta left the house in the evening informing her husband that she was going for a walk. When she failed to return home till late evening, the worried husband filed a woman missing complaint with the Subramaniapuram police. The husband also mentioned that she went missing with jewels and cash. The police immediately got into the act, as the case involved a foreign national.However, she came back on Friday evening much to the relief of the police and told them that she went to meet her pen friend living in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15065917", "title": "Five arrested, 1.4 kg heroin seized near Patil estate slum", "text": "PUNE: Five men were arrested by the Pune crime branch on Friday near Patil estate slum and 1.4 kg of heroin, worth Rs 21.75 lakh, was seized from them.Rajkumar Muttuswami Devender (51) of Sion in Mumbai, Raju Kharpade (30), Kiran Shivaji Kuchekar (22) and Rasul Shaikh (41), all from Patil estate slum, Shivajinagar, and Jafar Shaikh (29), from Karnataka, were arrested by the anti-extortion cell.Addressing a news conference here on Friday, deputy commissioner of police (economic offences wing) Sanjay Shinde said the police had received concrete information about a deal involving a huge quantity of drugs.\"Inspector Tambe and his team laid a trap and nabbed the five suspects,\" Shinde said.He said Devender and Kharpade had brought the heroin from Mumbai and were preparing to sell it in Pune with the help of drug peddlers Kuchekar, Rasul Shaikh and Jafar Shaikh.Kharpade has a criminal record. He was arrested in 2011 with 260 gm of brown sugar worth Rs 2.60 lakh. Rasul Shaikh has also been arrested in the past with 58 gm of brown sugar.Additional commissioner of police (crime) Shahaji Solunke said that the police were investigating whether the suspects had any international links.\"Last month, we arrested a couple from Bihar , who had brought opium from Nepal,\" he added.Solunke added the police have arrested the suppliers of the drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15069012", "title": "Women snatchers\u2019 gang busted", "text": "LUDHIANA: Women snatchers' gang targeted Surjeet Kaur in Bhai Himmat Singh Nagar on Thursday afternoon. The victim, in her complaint to police, said, \"I was on my way to Satsang Bhawan and was standing at the Bachitar Nagar road waiting for an auto rickshaw when suddenly a car halted near me. A male was driving the vehicle with a women on the passenger seat and three sitting on the rear seat.\" She added, \"The gang forced me inside the vehicle and asked me to remove my gold earnings. I screamed for help and when some passerby started gathering near the vehicle, the miscreants fled.\" A case has been registered. SHO, Sadar, Harinder Singh Chameli said, \"We have started the investigation and also arrested some of the member of the gang who targeted Surjeet Kaur. They were nabbed from Sangrur district.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065868", "title": "Former Army chief V K Singh's aide in mental ward", "text": "NEW DELHI: Colonel Honey Bakshi was handpicked to head the Technical Support Division (TSD), a new secretive unit created by General V K Singh after he took over as Army chief in March 2010. He continued to head the New Delhi-based unit after the change of guard in the Army. But that was until Tuesday.On Wednesday, the officer was admitted to the psychiatric ward of the Army Hospital in what is being seen as the latest twist in the simmering factional feud in the Army. The Military Intelligence (MI) officer has told doctors that he was being mentally harassed by some of his senior officers.Col Bakshi was appointed as the head of TSD in the directorate general of military intelligence (DGMI) by Gen Singh in 2010, and was closely identified with the former Army chief throughout his tenure. Later, anonymous complaints and media reports claimed that the officer was instrumental in illegally tapping phones of many important persons in the national capital. No proof has yet emerged to prove the allegations of phone tapping.The dramatic turn for Col Bakshi shows that the fight between rival groups in the Army continues. With Gen Singh retiring on May 31, there have been allegations doing the rounds that the new Army regime is harassing officers who had once been close to Gen Singh, including Col Bakshi.A senior Army officer responsible for media affairs said Col Bakshi was admitted to the Base Hospital in Delhi Cantonment for \"routine medical check-up\". He said the MI officer has been in hospital for the past couple of days.Sources close to Col Bakshi's family said he had been facing intense harassment over the past several weeks, and finally checked himself into the hospital on Wednesday.Col Bakshi's hospitalisation comes a few weeks after a head clerk of his division was detained by the Army on a tip-off from the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence that the havildar was hawking a CD containing details of TSD operations. The havildar is now being held in New Delhi for a detailed Army investigation into the case, although the DRI probe did not throw up anything to substantiate the espionage charge against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066536", "title": "Five get life term for riots over cricket", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A fast track court in Viramgam awarded life imprisonment to five persons and acquitted 28 others in connection with murder of two youths in a rioting incident. The riots took place after there was a quarrel between the Hindu and the Muslim youths over a cricket match on November 2, 2003.The fast track judge, D R Patel acquitted 19 Muslims, who were also booked in the case following cross-complaints filed after the incident.As per the case details, the spat over playing cricket at the hospital compound near Chandifali in Viramgam took form of rioting in which two persons - Zakir Sipahi and Farid Shafibhai - died of bullet injuries. Twenty-six others also sustained injuries and were treated in hospitals.Police booked 33 Hindus and 19 Muslims after both the groups lodged complaints against each other. After trial was completed, the court found Purushottam Vasram and Chandu Vittal guilty of firing from a .12 bore gun and sentenced them to life imprisonment. They were also fined with Rs 7,500. Besides them, Kumar Vitthal, Mahesh Patel and Nagar Jagjivan were also found guilty of rioting and violence and awarded life term and Rs 5,000 as fine.The court acquitted 28 others for lack of evidence against them. Similarly, all 19 Muslims charged with rioting were also acquitted.Public prosecutor Navin Rathod said that initially police had charged 37 persons in the case lodged by the Muslims. But during the pendency of trial, four persons passed away. Moreover, there were two juvenile accused in the case, whose case was taken up by the juvenile court separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15068612", "title": "Cabbies to go on strike today", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 2,500 cabs will be off the roads on Saturday in protest against the government's failure to decide on the lifetime tax issue. Airport cabs and KSTDC cabs will not participate , though.GR Shanmugappa , president , All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC), said on Friday they would go on an indefinite strike from Monday if the decision was not finalized by Friday evening . The cab associations claimed that district operators and associations and private bus operators had agreed to join the strike from Monday.The state government had imposed 15% lifetime tax on commercial tourist vehicles worth Rs10 lakh and above.R Ashoka , deputy chief minister and transport minister , had assured the cabbies that the issue would be tabled for discussion in the assembly session on July 19 and the cutoff price could be raised to vehicles valued Rs15 lakh and above . But the government could not table it due to a tight schedule, said sources. Over 20,000 tourist vehicles have been in a fix for four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15064334", "title": "Jamshedpur MP asks govt to shift Nagri education hub to Ghatshila", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jamshedpur MP Ajay Kumar has suggested to the state government to utilize the vast unused land of the Hindustan Copper Ltd (HCL) in Ghatshila subdivision to set up its proposed educational hub.Asking the government to shift the controversial educational hub from Nagri in Ranchi district to East Singhbhum, the parliamentarian said the government should focus on identifying unused industrial land lying vacant in different parts of the state for setting up educational institutions instead of forcibly acquiring the agricultural land.Recalling the July 4 incident when the villagers clashed with police against the setting up of IIM, IIT and National University of Study and Research in Law at Nagri, the MP said the government should move cautiously.\"The land leased out to the HCL between the copper township of Musabani and Ghatshila should be taken back and allotted to the educational institutes,\" Kumar said in his letter to chief minister Arjun Munda .Without mentioning the exact size of the unused land, the MP said vast tracts of the HCL land was lying vacant for years in the Musabani and Ghatshila blocks and they should be brought into good use.\"Why should the government go for agricultural land when it has adequate unused industrial land for the educational hub project,\" said Kumar, a former IPS officer.Opposing the government's move to acquire the agricultural land in Nagri for educational institutions, he said, \"If the government is sincere to have the premier institutes like IIT and IIM in the state, it should immediately work on finding alternative land and stop forceful acquisition of agricultural land.\"However, officials at Indian Copper Complex, the HCL unit in Ghatshila, refused comment on the status of the unused land of the company. \"Our Kolkata-based headquarters is authorized to speak on policy matters,\" said a senior official at ICC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15067666", "title": "Local team to enforce gutka ban", "text": "Nashik: A team of 35 officials has been formed by the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA), Nashik to ensure that there is a complete ban on the sale of gutka and pan masala, FDA joint commissioner, Nashik, Chandrakant Pawar said on Friday.Pawar added that since the the state government had imposed the ban from July 19 the team would work across Nashik division which comprises Nashik, Dhule, Nandurbar, Jalgaon and Ahmednagar districts. Awareness will also be inititated in school and colleges, Pawar said.He added that those found selling gutka and/ or paan masala, would be booked under Section 59 of the Food Safety and Standards Act 2006. The accused could face a year's imprisonment and a fine of up to Rs 3 lakh.The joint commissioner also offered his office number (0253 - 2351204) and two mobile numbers of his officers, 9422163258 and 9421363939, to report incidents of sale of any of the two banned substances anywhere within the division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15065524", "title": "Car at Altinho turns turtle", "text": "PANAJI: Three persons were injured-one of them seriously-in an accident in Panaji on Friday afternoon.The accident occurred at around 3pm on the road leading to Altinho from St Inez, when a car that was coming down the road, rammed into the retaining wall on the side of the road and then turned turtle in the centre of the road.While flipping over, the car hit another person on a stationary motorcycle on the other side of the road.The driver sustained serious injuries to his chest. The passenger in the car and the motorcycle rider also sustained injuries but are reported to be out of danger. All three injured were shifted to the Goa medical college and hospital by an 108 ambulance.The car has been wrecked and glass pieces were seen strewn all over the place. Liquid from the battery was also seeping from the wreck. Eyewitnesses said the car was travelling at a high speed and some alleged the driver may have been under the influence of alcohol.Locals said that the road is accident prone since it has a sharp turn and is also on a slope. Police personnel who conducted the panchanama said they were yet to obtain the statements of those involved in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065191", "title": "CBI, ED teams likely to travel to US to record Allen's statement", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI and the Enforcement Directorate (ED) are considering to send their teams to the US to record the statement of C Edmond Allen, the estranged business associate of alleged arms dealer Abhishek Verma, in connection with the cases against Verma. While the ED team is set to travel to the US, the CBI is considering a similar move to prepare a watertight case against Verma, official sources said.CBI sources said the agency has written to Allen to provide his statement, but it is yet to hear from him. The CBI is planning to complete the probe and file a chargesheet by next month. The agency has booked Verma and his Romanian wife Anca Neascu, who are still in judicial custody, for allegedly taking $5.30 lakh from Swiss firm Rheinmetall Air Defence AG for using his influence to stall the blacklisting proceedings initiated by the government against it after the Ordnance Factory Board scam came to light.The ED has started a criminal probe in the case on the basis of the CBI complaint against Verma. The Directorate has recently registered a fresh money laundering case against Verma for allegedly receiving money from the Swiss firm to keep it out of the government's blacklist.US-based attorney Allen, who has majority stake in Ganton USA and Ganton India companies that are alleged to be a front of Verma, had approached the CBI director and other senior officials alleging Verma received funds from the Swiss firm for bailing it out.The ED has been accorded the permission to record Allen's statement from top echelons of the government as Allen has raised questions about the relations of some former defence ministry joint secretaries with Verma and his associates, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073405", "title": "Peter Andre admits getting manhood pierced", "text": "Peter Andre has revealed that he got his penis pierced in his 90s pop heyday.The dad-of-two defended his decision for the wild move, by claiming that almost everyone was following the trend back in those days, the Daily Express reported.\"I did go through a bit of a mad stage but back in the 90s everyone was doing it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066834", "title": "Gujarat to get cyber lab to fight new-age crime", "text": "AHMEDABAD: According to the National Crime Records Bureau ( NCRB), Gujarat reported an almost 50% rise in crimes under the Information Technology Act, 2000. Compared to 35 cases in 2010, the number shot up to 52 of which 36 were in Ahmedabad alone.With the ever-expanding web of new-age cyber crimes, the Data Security Council of India (DSCI), an initiative by NASSCOM, has decided to help state police forces by setting up cyber labs in every state in the country. Today eight such labs are functioning in cities such as Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore and Hyderabad. Gujarat will soon have one such lab, said DSCI officials during a cyber crime awareness workshop organized by DSCI and the Department of Electronics and Information Technology in collaboration with Gujarat Forensic Sciences University ( GFSU) at Gandhinagar on July 20 and 21.Speaking about the initiative, K Venkatesh Murthy, programme manager, cyber cell, DSCI, told TOI that such cells differ from crime investigating teams. They not only keep the men in khaki updated about the latest trends and investigation tools, but also train them on a regular basis.\"Since 2004, nearly 20,000 policemen from various centres have been trained under the initiative. Initially these were limited to major cities such as Chennai, Kolkata, Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Hyderabad and Bangalore which were hubs of the IT and ITeS industry. However, in the last few years, cyber crime has spread its tentacles all around we found it logical to become the backbone of the police investigation system,\" said Murthy.DSCI officials said police personnel and officers will be trained in the basics of computer hardware, tracking emails and mobile phones, computer forensics and cyber laws. \"Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the initiative has been submitted to the central government. In the next phase, we will collaborate with state governments and police departments for its implementation. Where such a setup exists, we can help them upgrade or set up an alternative centre. These centres will have project managers and instructors who are well-acquainted with technology,\" said a senior DSCI official.At the moment, Directorate of Forensic Sciences (DFS), Gandhinagar, has computer forensic facilities whereas while Ahmedabad crime branch is gearing up for a new cyber crime department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15076044", "title": "Ramdev invites activists for support in Delhi", "text": "INDORE: Inviting activists to join the movement to participate in the protest against corruption on August 9 in New Delhi, yoga guru Baba Ramdev said that we will together fight for bringing black money back to the country but will also work for renovation of country and democratic values.He was addressing a group of activists who are inclined to fight against corruption. Baba said, \"Lanka was situated at the south in ancient times but now it is shifted to Delhi which is weakening the country at every step.\" He addressed the gathering in his own style and manner and then described the people who are looting the country. He said that the economy of world is about Rs 400000000 crore, in which illegal money has not been included.In the era of political nepotism natural wealth like land and forests of the country were sold to millionaire.He gave precedent of Ramayan where Lord Ram defeated Ravan despite having skilled army. He reiterated that we will collectively destroy the Lanka of corrupt government in Delhi.Showing urge to renovate the country by fighting with people he said that we will fight the corrupt people who are pushing country backward. \"I am confident that after travelling 11 lakh kms, 11 1000 camps and support of 11 crore people will definitely give upshot to his efforts,\" said Baba", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15068700", "title": "It\u2019s a Rajasthani Teej", "text": "LUDHIANA: Rajasthani hues will brighten up Teej celebration, as the city's fair creme de la creme get together for the festivities this Saturday. Geetanjali Ladies' Club, which has over 900 members here, plans to turn its Teej venue into a mini-Rajasthan, with all the traditional paraphernalia.Conventional attires and accessories, like 'ghagras', 'lehenga' 'bandhini' and 'borla', and the state-special mouth-watering delicacies, like 'kheer' and 'poore', will spice up the monsoon revelry, which will be attended by 400 members on the club premises on Hambra Road.Agog, the club members have many a plan up their sleeve. \"As Teej is chiefly a Rajasthani festival, we have decided to season our celebration with a fair amount of the state flavours. The festival is also known as 'Ghanghor' there. The fiesta will be a blend of traditional and contemporary events. It will kick start with a Shiv-Parvati 'murti pooja' in Rajasthani style,\" Neeru Singla, president of Geetanjali Ladies' Club, said.Swinging and whirling and a host of other activities will complete the jubilee. \"Power-packed performances will soon ensue. About 15 of the club members are busy preparing for Rajasthani songs and dance events. Then, there will be lucky draws, hair-styling competitions and bindi-making events. For 'murti visarjan', we will go to a river near Ludhiana on Sunday morning,\" she smiled.The enthusiastic members have been practising their moves for 15 to 20 days under the guidance of a trained artist.And excitement is getting the better of members. From Rajasthani dresses to blings, their shopping bags are brimming with all the related stuff. \"We had started planning the celebration about three months ago. And since then, we have been sweating our guts out to make it a big success. The aim is to make people aware about the festival's origin. On Saturday, the entire Ludhiana will witness the vibrant shades of Teej,\" Payal Mohindra, the club secretary and resident of College Road, said.Sunita, a club member, chuckled, \"All of us are quite excited about the revelry. We will slip on the finest traditional dresses and accessories. I have ordered for a Rajasthani saree and bangles for the festive day... each member wants to outscore the other.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15070523", "title": "Unwell BR Ishara faces money crunch", "text": "Senior filmmaker and FWICE (Federation of Western India Cine Employees) Vice President B R Ishara has been admitted to Juhu's Criticare Hospital.It is learnt the filmmaker, who suffered a paralytic stroke last year, has been diagnosed with tuberculosis. His wife Rehana Sultan confirmed the news and added, \"Not so long ago, he was undergoing physiotherapy and now he has other health issues.\"Unfortunately, he is not in a good financial position either. FWICE President Dharmesh Tiwari said, \"Ishara needs financial aid. Last time, FWICE helped him clear his bill at Kokilaben Ambani Hospital, where he was admitted. This time too, we will try our best. He is a very senior member of our Federation, and we love and respect him a lot.\"The last time round, Danny Denzongpa and the writers' and directors' associations of the industry had contributed to help Ishara pay his hospital bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15067180", "title": "Govt woos rural voters with housing scheme", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In a clear effort to woo rural voters, the Gujarat government has moved urgently to come up with a new scheme to provide housing subsidy to over 3 lakh villagers who border on Government of India's (GoI's) below poverty line (BPL) criterion, but are not part of the BPL.Well-placed Sachivalaya sources said under the scheme worked out by state's panchayat department, each of these 3 lakh persons, currently in the process of being identified on the basis of a complete survey of the rural population, will be given a dole of Rs 45,000 as \"help\" to construct their own houses.The dole will cost the state coffers over Rs 1,000 crore. The first installment (Rs 21,000 each) of the dole will be handed over in just about a fortnight's time during the next round of 'Garib Kalyan Melas', which will be held in second week of August.\"This amount is over and above Rs 600 crore, already budgeted, for housing of rural poor under the 'Sardar Awas' project,\" a senior official said.The distribution of dole will take place soon after a live telecast by chief minister Narendra Modi will address each of around 112 melas via the dedicated satellite communication ( SATCOM) network.Suggesting that identifying those who will get the dole is a \"complex process,\" the official said each family, which scores between 17 and 20 out of 52 and is therefore not part of GoI's BPL criterion \"has been covered under the scheme.\" \"There are, we believe, in all 3 lakh such families, but the survey is on. A final figure will be arrived at soon,\" the official said.The poverty score card is calculated taking into account 13 parameters, ranging from income to living conditions. Gujarat's nearly 16.8 per cent of 6.03 crore population scores less than 16, and is therefore BPL.While those between 0 and 16 score been covered under GoI's 'Indira Awas' project, the state government has now extended the same scheme to those scoring between 17 and 20. The only difference is that under Indira Awas, subsidized loan on 4 per cent rate of interest is available, while the state government scheme provides no such benefit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15067534", "title": "22-yr-old married woman abducted, gangraped", "text": "INDORE: Yet another incident of rape has shocked the residents of Indore district. A 22-year-old married woman was abducted, kept in captivity and raped for almost eight days at an unidentified location in Indore.The victim Seema (name changed), a resident of Chandravatiganj, was on her way to pick four-year-old son from a local school at around 2 pm on July 11, when two accused Lucky alias Pradeep and Honey alias Virendra forcefully made her sit on their motorbike and escaped from the scene. The accused were residing in the same building as tenants in which the lady was staying with her husband and son.On the day of the incident, the accused were waiting for her. As she came out of the house, they forced her sit on their bike, and sped away.They reportedly brought the lady to Indore and locked her in a room for eight days. They allegedly raped the woman several times.Meanwhile, her husband had lodged a complaint on the same day she went missing.On Thursday, he along with his father was moving near Indore railway station in the search of his wife when Seema saw them and shouted for help. The accused, who were trying to leave the city, smelled the threat and escaped from the scene.She reported her sufferings to her family and then they reached Sanwer police station where an FIR was registered under section 363, 366, 376, 506 and 34 of the IPC. Hunt was on for the accused. Police said that the accused are history-sheeters, and were booked in many cases at different police stations of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15064659", "title": "Ex-babu files criminal case against TG Venkatesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even though no officer from the Andhra Pradesh IAS fraternity has lodged a complaint against T G Venkatesh, a retired IAS officer on Friday filed a criminal case against the minor irrigation minister for making provocative remarks against bureaucrats and exhorting people to shoot non-performing public servants.Biyyala Venkata Papa Rao, a 1982 batch officer of the Assam cadre, in his complaint in the Medchal police station contended that the statement of Venkatesh attracted criminal liability under various sections of the Indian Penal Code. Papa Rao, who served as home secretary of Assam and in the United Nations, said the minister is liable for penal action under sections 107, 115, 124-A, 189, 503 and 511 of IPC. In fact, stories were doing the rounds that Prashant Mahapatra would take up the cudgels on behalf of the IAS lobby. Incidentally, Mahapatra was transferred from the irrigation department supposedly due to his differences with Venkatesh.Venkatesh created a flutter at a public meeting in Kurnool on July 13 when he remarked that non-performing bureaucrats should be shot dead.Papa Rao, who took voluntary retirement some time back, said he was prompted to lodge the complaint as the minister remained unapologetic and refused to retract his inflammatory statements.\"It only indicates that Venkatesh does not believe in the rule of law. A minister who has taken a solemn oath to function in accordance with the Constitution has no right to make such public statements which will have serious repercussions on our criminal justice system,\" Papa Rao said.The former bureaucrat observed that such provocative remarks, if gone unchecked and unpunished, would lead more people to make statements on similar lines.\"This would ultimately destroy the constitutional fabric of the society,\" he cautioned and accused the minister of endangering the lives of government officials by branding them as 'non-performers'.He said the summary sentencing as proposed by the minister was a criminal act and would attract various provisions of the IPC, especially sections 189 and 124-A.Talking to TOI, Rao said police had given him a receipt acknowledging the filing of the complaint. He said he would wait for some time for the response from the police.It may be recalled the AP IAS Officers' Association had lodged a protest with the chief minister against Venkatesh.Meanwhile, Medchal station house officer A Rami Reddy said that although the complaint has been received a first information report (FIR) has not been filed as yet.He said since the comments were made in Kurnool, it has led to jurisdictional problems. \"We are obtaining legal opinion. We will take necessary action only after going through the legal procedures,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15066866", "title": "3D short film festival in city", "text": "VADODARA: Film buffs in the city will be able to watch some of the classic and action-oriented international as well as local films in 3D this month. Shamiana, a short film club, will screen about seven international and at least two local short films on July 29. It is for the first time that a film festival of 3D films is being organized by Shamiana in the country.Shamiana, Vadodara that started in 2010 has been taking several initiatives to promote short films and also encourage film makers. \"There are several international short films made in 3D. We didn't want our audiences to miss out on such quality films and hence we decided to bring in 3D films this year. It will be an experiment of sorts,\" said Apsara Iyengar of Shamiana.The film club is expecting to draw in more than 500 viewers for the festival. The festival is being promoted through social media and posters. \"We will also include local films. As most local artists don't make 3D short films, we will convert their 2D films into 3D and then screen them. Glasses for the 3D films will be brought in from Ahmedabad,\" Apsara added.These films will be taken later to other cities of the country.The club organizes regular screenings of short films in more than 10 cities in the country including Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Kolkata, Bangalore and Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15065621", "title": "\u2018Build mosque only where ownership of land is known\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Absolute clarity on the ownership of land is essential for building a mosque, otherwise it may be deemed unfit as a place of worship, scholars of Shariat (Islamic) law told TOI on Friday.Given the controversy over attempts to build a mosque at the purported site of Akbarabadi Masjid in Old Delhi, different views have emerged on the propriety of the plan.Shariat law says a mosque can only be built on waqf (religious endowment) property or on land offered by the owner, said Mufti Arif Kazmi, professor of Islamic Law at Dar-ul-Uloom, Deoband. He also said namaaz must not be offered on any property without the owner's permission. \"If the owner denies permission, prayers offered on the land are inadmissible.\"Dr Mufti M Mukarram Ahmad, Shahi Imam of Fatehpuri Masjid, agreed: \"One must take extra care in construction of a mosque. Many mosques were built in a rush without a clear title of land, and later demolished as the land belonged to the government. I myself was forced to issue a fatwa in favour of demolition for construction of the Geeta Colony flyover\".He also said: \"Both sides are at fault. The government should have speedily resolved the matter, while locals should have shown more patience and waited for a clear title of the land\".Other scholars blamed the government for sitting on the issue for more than 10 years. A few even called it a political gimmick timed for next year's assembly elections.Mufti Aijaz Arshad Qasmi of Delhi Waqf Board, however, defended Friday's prayers saying the Shariat law needs to be interpreted differently in the latest case as locals have enough evidence to prove that Akbarabadi Masjid stood at the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15067348", "title": "Mayor and corporators take oath amid unruly scenes", "text": "KANPUR: Unruly behaviour of a Samajwadi Party leader and workers marred the oath ceremony of the newly elected mayor and corporators here on Friday.Around four dozen Samajwadi Party workers led by MLA Irfan Solanki forcibly entered Lajpat Bhawan hall where corporators were to take oath. They raised slogans and obstructed the proceedings for about 20 minutes, claiming that SP leaders and ministers were not invited in the ceremony.They alleged that the newly elected mayor Jagatveer Singh Drona belongs to BJP and all the district-level leaders and MLAs of that party were invited. This could not be tolerated and they were staging protest as SP men were deliberately ignored.The municipal commissioner and senior police officials tried to pacify them and checked their movement near dais and started negotiations. The officials continued the programme and finished the ceremony hurriedly.The function started with the arrival of Drona. He was welcomed by municipal commissioner N K S Chauhan and other officials of the nagar nigam. Divisional commissioner Shalini Prasad asked Drona to follow her in oath taking ceremony. But without giving a chance to the divisional commissioner, Drona read the pledge himself.Chauha handed over him a baton (silver cudgel) symbol of power amid applause. Thereafter officials called the batches of newly elected corporators for oath. The mayor asked them to follow for the pledge.When the third round of oath for corporators was in progress, several Samajwadi Party workers, Solanki and district office-bearers of the pary raised slogans and charged towards the stage. Senior police officials, including DIG Amitabh Yash came forward and intercepted them near the dais.Some BJP and Congress also started raising anti-government slogans. Chaos continued for the next 15 minutes. The function continued amid bedlam. Several Samajwadi Party and Solanki climbed over the dais and started arguing with the officials.Solanki later alleged that no leader of the ruling party nor any minister was invited in the function, therefore they were opposing it. There were around 850 invitees in the function and majority of them belonged to BJP and Congress.Nagar Nigam officials denied the charge and said invitations were sent to all as per norms and protocol. A couple of Samajwadi Party leaders were not in the city and their invitation cards were returned undelivered.Outgoing mayor Ravindra Patni termed the incident as unfortunate. \"If they had any grudge, they could discuss the issue across the table with the officers of nagar nigam but they adopted the unconstitutional way and obstructed the proceedings,\" he said.Drona also termed the incident as unfortunate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15064422", "title": "Jharkhand to ban sale of paan masala &amp; gutka", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand government on Friday decided to ban sale of pan masala and gutka in the state. Health minister Hemlal Murmu has directed the principal secretary of the department to issue a notification in this regard.Murmu asked representatives of the Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJto cooperate in making the ban effective. The traders' body assured the minister on behalf of the traders engaged in pan masala and gutka sale.FJCCI president Sajjan Saraf said since the ban aims to check health hazard of the youths particularly, every guardian would welcome the step. \"We have decided to cooperate with the government in this regard,\" he said.Expressing concern about misleading advertisements issued by miracle curers, Murmu directed the officials of the department to deal with the quacks strictly and restrict such advertisements. \"These quacks make best use of different mediums of advertisements to entice people and cheat the poor patients offering miracle cure,\" he said indicating that punitive action would be taken once caught.Murmu assured the FJCCI to keep the Food Security Act 2006 in abeyance for another three months which was expected to be implemented in the state by August. After hearing concerns expressed by the FJCCI delegation, he accepted that certain provisions of the legislation needed to be reconsidered. \"I will write to Jharkhand MPs to bring about some necessary amendments in the act so that it could be logically implemented in the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066983", "title": "Finish GCMMF election in a month: HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday directed the Anand district collector to complete Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) chairman's election within 30 days.Acting on a plea filed by Baroda Dairy, a bench of justices D H Waghela and G B Shah asked the Anand collector to announce elector programme within two weeks and then complete the process in 15 days thereafter.Present GCMMF's chairman Parthi Bhatol's term ended on June 26. Baroda Dairy, which is one of the 16 members with total 756 votes of the milk federation, moved the court seeking elections arguing that the authority should be directed to announce election as the last term has already ended. Election of the chairman of Rs 11,600-crore GCMMF, which controls Amul brand, is considered a prestigious issue for rival political parties in the state and is always the centre of fierce politicking since the exit of Dr Verghees Kurien, who is considered to be the father of White Revolution. GCMMF's managing director R S Sodhi had 15 days prior to the end of Bhatol's term written to Anand collectorate for starting the election process. But when nothing happened, Baroda Dairy moved the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15070820", "title": "Pawan Kalyan\u2019s shoot with fans postponed", "text": "Fans of power star Pawan Kalyan have to wait for some more time to share screen space with the actor. Director Puri Jagannath, who earlier invited all power star fans from Hyderabad to participate in the shoot at RFC, has postponed the shooting due to inclement weather.Puri scheduled a scene today (July 21) wherein Pawan Kalyan will walk down the national highway (Vijayawada - Hyderabad) with fans behind him. However, rain played a spoilsport and the shooting has to be pushed back. Puri said that he will announce the new new date of this shoot shortly. He tweeted, \"Sorry to inform that Due to overcast conditions Tomorrow's shoot with PK wid Fans is postponed to further date. Details later\" (sic).Tamannaah is playing the female lead and Mani Sharma is scoring the music. Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu is slated for October 18 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066406", "title": "BMC school offers 6-yr-old admission", "text": "MUMBAI: After months of looking for schools near his home, six-year-old Kabir Ahmed on Friday finally secured admission to a BMC school in Cotton Green. TOI had, in its July 17 edition, written about the plight of Kabir and his father, Shakil Ahmed, who had been turned away by four schools near their home without any explanation.Shakil, a human rights advocate, has moved court against the four private schools that had refused his son admission. He said that a day after TOI published the article, he got a call from a social worker from the Abhyuday Nagar BMC school. \"A volunteer from Akanksha, the NGO that helps BMC run the school, said the education officer of the ward had asked the school to admit Kabir. I have taken admission there out of desperation as I don't have any alternative. The school is 7km away from my home,\" he said.Ahmed said he has decided not to withdraw his petition, which is pending in court. \"I have sought transparency in the admission procedures adopted by schools. The right to education Act is binding on private schools as well. They can't wash their hands of it. The four schools that denied Kabir admission should tell us and others like us on what grounds they refused us. No child can be denied admission. If Kabir gets admission to any of the four schools now, we will consider it since they are all close to us,\" he said.TOI had earlier reported how the Wadala resident had been running from pillar to post for his son's admission but none of the schools admitted Kabir.From April, Ahmed had approached St Joseph's High School, Wadala, Amulakh Amichand Bhimji Vividhlakshi Vidyalaya at King's Circle, Guru Nanak High School, GTB Nagar, and Dadar Parsee Youths Assembly High School. All four schools allegedlyin the vicinity, all of which turned the child away without proper explanation.Ahmed, in his petition, has asked for transparency in the school admission procedures and has urged the court to direct the schools to admit his son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066787", "title": "Project deadline may be pushed back by a month", "text": "MUMBAI: The December 2012 deadline for the elevated eastern freeway project may have to be extended by a month or two due to Thursday's mishap.\"In the past, in mishaps such as the one involving the monorail, the project deadline had to be extended by 15 days to a month. Hence, a delay in this case cannot be ruled out as well,\" said Rahul Asthana, metropolitan commissioner, MMRDA.Guardian minister Jayant Patil, too, has said that the project will get delayed by \"a minimum of 15 days\".Asthana said the operation to crush the fallen and damaged concrete segments will take another 24 hours. \"Following this, the fallen steel truss will be lifted and removed to clear the site for the next construction activity,\" he said. Currently, work on the project, he said, has been stopped completely and will begin soon after a quick inspection of all the men and machinery on the job.When asked whether the two pillars had got damaged in the mishap, Asthana did not deny the possibility. Joint metropolitan commissioner Ashwini Bhide said the condition of both the pillars will be reviewed by experts. She said there could be minor damage to segments of the earlier span, on which a certain portion of the damaged truss lay.Asthana said expenses for removal of the damaged portion and rebuilding another span will have to be borne by the contractor, which will also pay compensation to victims' families. \"The incident will not put any financial burden on MMRDA,\" said MMRDA spokesperson Dilip Kawathkar.Eastern freeway aims to connect South Mumbai at Colaba to the eastern suburbs at Anik depot near Wadala and then Panjarpol and Mankhurd. The 23km project has elevated road and tunnels. It will offer a signal-free drive of 25 minutes from Colaba to Ghatkopar-Mankhurd Link Road from where traffic can move either towards Thane on the Eastern Express Highway or Navi Mumbai via the Sion-Panvel highway.The mishap-hit stretch is part of the first 9.29km four-lane elevated road between Princes Dock and Wadala. The next 8km route is between Wadala and Panjarpol. The Panjarpol end is towards R K Studios in Chembur. This stretch has a tunnel in the BARC area and the construction work is in full swing. The next Panjarpol to Ghatkopar-Mankhurd link road extension will be around 7 kms, work on which is yet to begin in full swing. The project also promises to decongest Dr Ambedkar Road, P D'Mello Road, the Eastern Express Highway and Sion-panvel highway in a major way.The Rs 600-crore project was due for completion in January 2011 but has been delayed due to forest and saltpan permissions and difficulties posed by underground utilities in the construction work. The project is being partly funded by the Central government under the prestigious Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM).The cost of the project has already escalated by Rs 41 crore and the renewed date for completion was December 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15068472", "title": "Chandigarh girl ranks 18th in CA examination", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Making the city proud, Priyanka Mehtani, a local resident has managed to score All-India 18th rank in the final examination conducted by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India with 69% marks. The result for the examination was declared on Friday.Priyanka, who has been a meritorious student all along, contributes her success to consistent and regular studies. She did her schooling from Carmel Convent School in Sector 9, Chandigarh and graduated from St Stephen's College in New Delhi. She has also studied for a short term course in business management from Stanford University, California, USA. She said, \"The key to my success is adopting a balance lifestyle and making consistent efforts.\"Priyanka was also All-India rank holder in PC examination conducted by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Her father is a chartered accountant in Chandigarh and her mother is an associate professor at a government college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15068266", "title": "CET Mangalore: Candidates can still change their options", "text": "MANGALORE: CET rank holders have two more days to change their option entries or to add new options even though the option entry process was concluded on Friday at 5pm.CET Mangalore helpline centre nodal officer C Suresh Thunga told TOI that candidates can open the option entry page of the Karnataka Examinations Authority's (KEA) website to change their seat options or to mark additional options on Saturday and Sunday. \"The mock result was out on Friday. However, it is only a preparatory result and not the final one. It is not necessary that candidates will get the same seat, which has been allotted in the mock result, in the final result also. The final seat allotment list will be published on the website on July 25,\" he added.The CET rank holders will receive a message on their mobile phones or in their personal emails regarding the seat allotment. \"The candidates should inform KEA about their choice immediately after they receive the message. If they are planning to accept the seat given by KEA, they should opt for 'choice - 1'.Later, they should visit the nearest helpline centre to pay the fee. They need to draw a demand draft in favour of KEA and obtain the admission order between July 26 and 30. They should join for the course at the allotted institute before July 31, otherwise their seats will be cancelled,\" he said. Those students, who are not accepting the seat, should opt for 'choice - 2' and they can enter their options again in the casual or category round. Seats available in the category round will be published on the website on August 2. They can enter their options again from August 5 to 9.The result of the category round will be published on August 10. \"They need to pay their fees between August 10 and 14,\" he added. The casual round will begin on August 17 and the available seat will be published on the website on the same day. The candidates can enter options in this round from August 18 to 21. The result of the round will be out on August 22 and the students should visit the helpline centre to pay the fees between August 23 and 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15066066", "title": "Thousands offer namaaz, HC stays mosque work", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 25,000 people offered namaaz at the purported site of the 17th Century Akbarabadi Masjid on Friday as police did not enforce North Delhi Municipal Corporation's order against religious activity at the venue. As the Subhash Park grounds, where the Mughal-era site is situated, filled up, hundreds spilled over into the adjoining roads to pray. There was heavy police deployment between Delhi Gate and the Chandni Chowk intersection, and traffic headed towards Jama Masjid was diverted.North corporation officials accused the police of inaction. \"We had asked police to ensure that no party is allowed to carry out religious rituals at the disputed site, but they took no action,\" said mayor Mira Aggarwal. Delhi Police, however, said it would follow the high court's directions.In the morning, a tense situation was averted when police detained around 300 Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) supporters outside Gauri Shankar temple in Chandni Chowk, foiling their plan to march to the namaaz site and chant the Hanuman Chalisa. \"We detained them under Section 65 of Delhi Police Act after they courted arrest, and took them to Maurice Nagar police station. They were let off later,\" said an officer, adding, \"Mild force was used to restrain some of the workers who tried to break the barricades and march on. They were claiming that the excavated ruin was a Pandava-era relic\".VHP's Delhi unit spokesperson, Vinod Bansal, said, \"The new mosque walls have been illegally constructed and they should be demolished to make way for a temple. But before we could start our procession, police stopped us saying the law and order may be disturbed. We did not want any unrest, so we courted arrest.''Prayers were offered peacefully at the site under police supervision. \"For 155 years, our ancestors could not pray here but now we have got this opportunity. We will not let it go waste. Special prayers will be offered for the next 10 days during Ramzan. All of you who have come from neighbouring states like Uttar Pradesh and Haryana should stay back,\" said local councillor, Khurram Iqbal, addressing the crowd from the stage. Iqbal told the crowd: \"The British demolished Akbarabadi Masjid on the pretext that it was a meeting ground for the 1857 mutineers. We are reclaiming our land. The government should rethink its stand on construction of a mosque here\".There was much sloganeering in support of Matia Mahal MLA Shoaib Iqbal during the proceedings. \"Iqbal bhai has been MLA from this area for 18 years. Your vote hasn't gone waste and the Akbarabadi Masjid is his gift. Our next target is to rebuild the Babri Masjid ,\" one of his supporters announced to wild cheering. The namaaz started at 1.30pm and ended at 2pm. Many of the worshippers from outside Delhi had camped at the site since Thursday evening.North Corporation had taken possession of the site on Thursday and prohibited any further construction. It had also issued orders against religious activity, but this was defied by the locals led by Shoaib Iqbal. The MLA had reportedly deployed workers to carry out digging work at the site to build a mosque on the Mughal-era base, even as ASI ordered stoppage of work as the area falls in the regulated zone of Red Fort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15066481", "title": "Govt can\u2019t ask BDA to allot \u2018G\u2019 sites: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Friday rejected BDA's petition seeking a review of its earlier order that said the government cannot direct the BDA to allot sites under the 'G' category.A single-bench of the court had, on December 15, told the government it has no power or authority to direct BDA to allot 'G'-category sites to any person either under the BDA Act or rules.Dismissing BDA's appeal, the division bench headed by Justice K L Manjunath said: \"The state government should file a separate appeal and seek relief if \u2014 and only if \u2014 it's entitled to do so. The BDA cannot file an appeal on behalf of the state government and seek relief.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "15067228", "title": "Rains worsen sludge spill in Vapi", "text": "VAPI: Fresh spell of rains has only worsened the problem of Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) officials who are battling to contain the spread of industrial sludge that has spilled over into fields near Vapi since Tuesday.The sludge spilled over from the common hazardous waste disposal facility managed by Vapi Waste and Effluent Management Company (VWAEMC) Private Limited.The sludge has not started flowing in river Kolak through natural drain Bilkhadi. Preliminary survey carried out by GPCB team revealed that the sludge that was diluted due to rain water has crossed more then 12km stretch of the drain and reached Kolak.The samples of sludge taken from various spots of Bilkhadi were also found containing high chemical oxygen demand (COD), GPCB officials said.Senior scientific vigilance officer with GPCB G S Trivedi said despite three days of the accident, VWAEMC has failed to show result-oriented rescue progress as per the regulator's instructions.Regional officer, GPCB, G U Patel said the flooded sludge has now started damaging water life. He has received complaints of deaths of amphibians like frog, crabs and insects on the bank of the natural drain. Affected farmers are also trying to clear the sludge from their fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15074095", "title": "Revealed: 3-breasted prostitute in 'Total Recall'", "text": "After much speculation about the appearance of a three-breasted hooker in the new 'Total Recall', the mutant actress was officially unveiled at the Comic-Con convention last weekend.Dressed in a revealing red jacket, Kaitlyn Leeb wowed fans by showing off her tri-breasted prosthetics, the Sun reported.Arriving on the red carpet, the actress wore a thin piece of material over her 'nipples' and a big smile.Film database IMDB has credited her in the film as \"Seductive Woman\" but most enthusiasts will be referring to her as the three-boobed hooker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15073817", "title": "Microsoft apologises for 'big boobs' software code", "text": "WASHINGTON: Microsoft has said 'sorry' after developers unveiled a reference to \" big boobs\" buried in software code written by the tech firm, according to a report.A hexadecimal value '0xB16B00B5' was found in software that allows Microsoft programs to work with Linux, the open source operating system.The move prompted widespread criticism of Microsoft and debate over whether a \"boys club\" culture deters women from entering the software industry, The Telegraph reports.According to the paper, the software firm immediately apologised for the inclusion of the term and updated the code to remove it.\"We thank the community for reporting this issue and apologise for the offensive string,\" a spokesman for the firm told the IT news website Network World.According to the paper, it had also emerged that a similar reference, '0x0B00B135' or 'boobies', appeared in an earlier version of the same software code.The issue was first raised last week by Paolo Bonzini, a contributor to a Linux developers' mailing list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15068328", "title": "Man shoots at estranged wife, misses; kills himself", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four days after the gruesome murder of a woman by her husband and his paramour, Chandigarh witnessed another gory crime on Friday. A man tried to kill his estranged second wife before shooting himself with his country-made weapon in his car in Sector 44.The deceased has been identified as Samoun Masie, 32, son of a retired Chandigarh Police constable and a resident of Baltana.The second wife of deceased, Anita Nahar, had a narrow escape as the bullet brushed past her right shoulder. She was rushed to GMCH-32 and discharged after preliminary treatment.The incident took place in Sector 44 around 8.15am when Anita along with her daughter, Enna, 11, was going to Chandigarh Baptist School, Sector 45, where she teaches and her daughter is a student. Enna is from Anita's first marriage.Sources said Anita was upset with Samoun as he did not tell her that he was already married. She had also filed a complaint against him with women cell of Chandigarh Police four months ago. The deceased was living with his first wife Meenu and their six-year-old daughter. Incidentally, it was his daughter's birthday on Friday.Eyewitnesses said Samoun shot at Anita, who was on a two-wheeler, from his car. Due to this Anita lost her balance and they fell. Thinking that she's dead, Samoun fled. Police said a few minutes later, Samoun was found dead in his car. A country made weapon along with two live cartridges was recovered from the car.SHO of PS 34, Inspector Kirpal Singh said a case of attempt to murder was registered against Samoun Masie on Anita's statement. He said as Samoun is dead, the case will be filed in district court as untraced and an inquest proceeding was also initiated in this regard.It was in 2009 when Samoun Masie met Anita at Chandigarh Baptist School in Sector 45, when the former used to drop his elder brother's kids to school. Anita was a schoolteacher. Sources said the couple wed in the Sector-24 church and began staying in a rented accommodation in Sector 44.Things worsened six months ago when Anita came to know of Samoun's prior marriage. She complained to UT police, the couple separated and the woman shifted to her parental home. But, sources said Samoun started to SMS Anita's students, threatening them. Some messages contained objectionable text as well. A member of the school management said, \"We summoned parents of these students and they were advised to guide their children not to entertain the SMSs. Police had been informed.\"Though the man's first wife Meenu said she had no idea of Samoun's marriage to Anita, sources said the woman was aware but had adjusted to the circumstances. Samoun was the youngest of six brothers who stayed in a rented accommodation in Shiv Enclave, Baltana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "15066712", "title": "Haryana khap boycotts two families for not returning Rs 20,000", "text": "BHIWANI: A khap panchayat in Bhiwani has called for a social boycott of the families of two former sarpanchs and imposed a symbolic fine of one 'anna' each for failing to return Rs 20,000 to another villager. The diktat comes just days after a khap in Uttar Pradesh banned girls from wearing jeans and talking over cell phones.Sheoran khap panchayat had given one month's time to the families of former sarpanchs Kapoor Singh and late Dalip Singh to return Rs 10,000 each to Sube Singh, a villager from Hathodi in the district.Ratan Singh, a lawyer and a khap representative, told TOI that Sube Singh was handed a fine of Rs 20,000 in a case of hurting a bull and breaking his horns in the village about a decade back in 2002.Sube Singh pleaded innocence but still deposited the fine with the then sarpanch Kapoor Singh and a former sarpanch Dalip Singh on the directions of the khap panchayat.Ratan Singh said that a police case was also registered against Sube but the court acquitted him in 2009. Armed with the court's acquittal, Sube went back to the khap panchayat and asked for the fine he had deposited.\"The khap panchayat agreed and directed Kapoor Singh and Sanjay Singh, son of late Dalip Singh, to pay him Rs 10,000 each,\" said Ratan Singh. But they refused to return the money and it lead to a deadlock.Finally, the Sheoran khap pradhan Ram Swaroop gave one month's time to the two families to refund the money and on non-compliance of the orders issued the diktat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15066929", "title": "Health minister to attend meet in city to tackle H1N1", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to sensitise private hospitals in the district towards H1N1 patients, a high-level meeting will be held in the city on Monday afternoon. State health minister Dr VS Vijay and representatives of all major private hospitals are expected to attend the meeting along with senior officials from the public health services and the district administration.\"One of the main points to be discussed at the meeting is the tendency of private hospital authorities to refer H1N1 positive cases at the last moment to government hospitals. If these cases are brought to the care of government hospitals early, we will have a better chance of saving the patients' lives,\" said Dr R Damodaran, deputy director, public health services, Coimbatore.Gayathri, a 26-year-old from the Nilgiris district, who passed away on Tuesday, underwent treatment at private health facilities, first in Ooty and later in Coimbatore, for about seven days before she was brought to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital, where she was declared dead. A 75-year-old farmer from Kavundampalayam in Tirupur was also dead by the time he was brought to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital on March 31, 2012.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa has taken note of the situation after the death of Gayathri, and has ordered the deputy director of public health services departments in Coimbatore and Nilgiris, who were in Chennai to attend a high level meeting of the health department officials on Friday, to return and take stock of the situation on Friday, sources said.\"We are taking all measures after the incident. State health minister will be in the Nilgiris on Sunday,' said Dr Bhanumathi, deputy director, health services, the Nilgiris.The public health services department will also convene a meeting of senior doctors and support staff from Coimbatore Medical College Hospital to discuss the H1N1 issue on Monday morning. The chief minister has also ordered the public health services department to conduct awareness campaigns regarding H1N1 infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15064373", "title": "Voices from grassroots for TMC leaders", "text": "KOLKATA: Dharani Roy, Sudhanshu Gope and Joydeb Das have much in common and are yet different. They are all Trinamool Congress flag-bearers who have come all the way from rural Bengal to attend the party's July 21 martyrs day rally at Esplanade on Saturday. \"The government needs to address the poor field prices of potato and jute that are afflicting growers despite a good yield. And if the state government can't, there should be some definite reasons for it. Those need to be told to people clearly. We can't keep on blaming the Centre for it.\" Dharani Roy said.Hailing from three north Bengal districts of Jalpaiguri, Coochbehar and North Dinajpur, Dharani is a Trinamool supporter since the party's inception, Sushandhu was with CPM till he switched flanks to Trinamool and Joydeb, by his own admission, was with Congress even a couple of years back. In their early sixties, the three have been trying hard to take the party to the \"grassroots\". So, as you speak to them at their makeshift \"home\" at the covered Salt Lake stadium galleries, their assessment of the party's requirements appears somewhere disconcerting to what their party leaders state in Kolkata. They'd love their leader to touch on their issues which confront them daily at their homes, while they extend the party footprints \"home by home.\"\"The 100-days work scheme and Kisan Credit Card are fine. But this is not enough. Even in a lower middle-class family, each member needs at least Rs 100 per day. That makes it Rs 6,000 or more per family every month at least for a two-member family. What purpose does Rs 1,200-1,500 serve them? Yes, it helps mending the village roads and ponds. But who is getting the work? Who is preparing the work roster? The gram panchayat pradhan - who in most cases still - is a CPM member or from the Congress,\" said Sudhangshu.Sudhanshu, a former CPM gram panchayat pradhan, said, \"Kisan Credit Card is a good step, but none from my village got it. Also, the government has to resolve an earlier mess for which many farmers are unable to get bank loans or credits. In the UPA tenure, the Centre had decided to waive off farm loans. That is a good seven-eight years back. Now, the rural co-oepartive banks from where we availed the loans are not giving us NOC for the loans. Without the NOC, a large section of farmers whose loans were waived then, haven't been able to get a single penny as fresh loan. Everyone says we've got a bad credit history. Will the Kisan Credit Card help us tide over the problem?\"Joydeb's plea to Didi is more simple. \"The suspicion and infighting among ranks has to stop immediately. Aren't we from the same party? Don't we believe that Didi is our supreme leader? So, why this discontent among leaders, or have they become too greedy? The problem has started with the state ministers evolving as power centres in the districts they represent. They've become a parallel power structure, which already has a party hierarchy which ends with the district president. They end up taking conflicting stands on issue and the supporters are getting disillusioned. Some vested interests, who till the other day were with CPM, are actively cashing in on it. And we party workers are cutting a sorry figure,\" he said. \"Didi should be very strict with all these. A lot of pain and sacrifice - many by Didi herself - has led to this day and it can't be allowed to go waste only for the interest of a few people,\" he said.Dharani fears that the CPM and the Congress will reach at an understanding in the 2013 panchayat polls. \"They will not fight together but leave space wherever the other is strong. They've already started trumpeting that the winds of change are in the air. Didi has to take a strong step, if we fight the panchayat elections alone a decision has to be taken now. It leaves us with six-seven months to prepare. Didi should also expose this nexus. For people believe her.\"Meanwhile, Mamata, on Facebook, wrote: \"On 21st July, we salute the Martyrs of different democratic movements. Let us bow our heads down, pay obeisance and remember their invaluable sacrifice and also take a pledge to rededicate ourselves to continue to fight for the cause of 'Maa Mati Manush' and build a harmonious, peaceful and prosperous Bengal, where the head is held high and the mind is without fear.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15076074", "title": "Gujarat riots: Zakia Jafri's lawyers resume inspection of SIT report giving clean chit to Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Zakia Jafri's lawyers have resumed inspection of the original final report submitted in the court by the Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team (SIT) in connection with her complaint against chief minister Narendra Modi and 62 others implicating them in the 2002 riots.Widow of the slain Congress MP Ehsan Jafri, Zakia claimed before a magisterial court that there were certain vital documents the SIT did not supply to her with its closure report giving clean chief to Modi. During lengthy arguments over allegations that SIT suppressed material, it was proposed to inspect the original copy of the 22,000-page report.The inspection began last month, but could not be proceeded with because social activist Teesta Setalvad requested to have access to the original documents.The SIT vehemently opposed Setalvad's request and the court too held that the power of attorney given to her by Zakia does not entitle her to represent her in this process, particularly when Zakia has been represented by her lawyer. To keep Setalvad away from documents, the SIT insisted that in absence of Zakia, only those lawyers who are empowered by her could inspect the report. The SIT also put a condition that the lawyer must be holding the licence to practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "sodhinagar (ferozepur)", "code": "15072654", "title": "Neighbouring villagers warm up to wish Olympic shooter Ronjan Sodhi", "text": "SODHINAGAR (FEROZEPUR): Malwinder Singh Sodhi, the farmer father of India's Olympic gold medal hope Ronjan Sodhi , stands like an optimist patriot marvelling at the vast tracts of his agricultural land in the family village Sodhinagar in Ferozepur.As he keeps track of his double trap shooting champion son's training progress in Italy and London , legions of unlettered farmers and their young kids from the neighboring villages pour in collective wishes, swelling him with pride.Sutlej river, the India-Pakistan check post has resounded with loud triumphant gunshots from his mini battlefield.Whenever the double trap shooter has, in the past, brought laurels to this border town situated on the banks of Sutlej river, the India-Pakistan check post has resounded with loud triumphant gunshots from his mini battlefield.His heroics have even brought an unprecedented interest in sports here.Kids from primary and secondary government schools gleefully erect billboards and life size posters of their hero as their schools remain closed due to lack of teachers or poor infrastructure.\"No one comes to my school. The headmaster told us that classes will begin by September..Till that time I can earn Rs 50 for putting up these boards..if not education,\" an 11-year-old Gurwinder Singh, says naively.Their big hope is that the ace shooter's success may usher in a revolutionary change in education and sports in their town.\"If Sodhi sir brings medal for us, we may get more schools here\" says 9-year-old Arshdeep Kaur Gurm.Fourteen years ago, lack of good schooling here had forced Malwinder and his wife to send the then young Ronjan to study in Delhi.The father looked after the agricultural produce and the mother reared her two young sons.\"\"There was dearth of good schooling in Ferozepur even in 1998 when I had shifted to Delhi along with Ronjan and my other son Birendeep ... We first wanted to make sure that he received good education which this district lacked during those years....along with training in shooting \"\" Ronjan's mother Gitanjali recollects.Two decades later, the situation hasn't improved much for Ferozepur's young students as the district totters at an incredibly low literacy rate of 68.9% -- third lowest in Punjab, according to the 2011 Census.For females, the rate is even more alarming at 62.2% which is the state's lowest.From the data available with the district education department, there are just 1581 teachers available to teach 55236 students enrolled in 220 middle level and 564 primary schools, leaving the teacher-student ratio at 1: 34.The farmer parents look a worried lot.\"\"Water logging has turned our lands barren. Some have moved to neighbouring towns like Bathinda and Ludhiana. My daughter wants to learn hockey...Only if the state government wished to teaching our kids in schools. What's the use of feeding the country through our harvest?\"\" rues a paddy grower Joginder Singh.\"The vacancies are huge...but state government is working hard to iron out the rough spots\" the two district education officers - Naresh Kumari and Lakshman Singh admit.As the 33-year-old Sodhi hopes to strike his first gold, the town that once shielded the nation during the 1971 Indo-Pak war will too search for its worth in gold, the farmers believe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066455", "title": "Contractor likely to be blacklisted, face penalty", "text": "MUMBAI: Was the steel-made segment-launching truss, which fell along with heavy concrete segments on the road on Thursday, inspected and serviced before being put on the job? MMRDA officials have aired this doubt in the aftermath of Thursday's mishap.According to sources, in November 2010, a similar type of truss, which was being used to lift concrete segments on the Lalbaug flyover, had toppled while being moved forward. This had caused a certain portion of the concrete cantilever to fall on the road. The incident had damaged the vehicles that were parked below, besides injuring two commuters, including a biker.More recently, in April 2012, a portion of a cement block slipped from the Lalbaug flyover. Though this was a non-structural component of the bridge, the heavy block could have resulted in the death of commuters. Fortunately, it did not fall on anyone below.In both cases, Simplex was the contractor. It was also blamed for the pothole on Lalbaug flyover that appeared a month after its inauguration.MMRDA has come in for sharp criticism for the delay in action against Simplex Infrastructure, which was the contractor for the current project as well. When asked why the contractor was being spared, MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said he had already issued a showcause notice to Simplex, asking why the company cannot be blacklisted for two years for the Lalbaug flyover incident. However, he said the present contract for the eastern freeway was awarded to Simplex before Lalbaug incident. He also said all the machinery and construction activities on the eastern freeway will be inspected soon, before resuming work.Meanwhile, Simplex Infrastructure spokesperson said the company had already launched an investigation into Thursday's incident. \"Prima facie, the cause of the mishap seems to be a mechanical failure of equipment engaged for erection. A team of experts in the field has been deputed to investigate the details and necessary action will be taken on the basis of this report. There has been a loss of one life in this unfortunate incident who is one of our sub-contractor's fellow workers,\" he said and added the others who were injured were not critical and should be released from the hospital soon.\"We are taking all necessary steps to restore normalcy at the site and are getting full cooperation from all agencies in the clean-up operation. We hope to complete the same at the earliest,\" the company statement said.Meanwhile, company did not react to MMRDA's notices to blacklist it for the Lalbaug mishap. MMRDA commissioner Asthana has also indicated that a penalty would be levied and stricter action taken against Simplex if found guilty in Thursday's mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15066275", "title": "Debt recast to get tougher for companies", "text": "MUMBAI: Promoters of companies that seek loan restructuring may in future have to give personal guarantees and make bigger financial sacrifices if they want the support of banks to get their businesses back on track.Calling for a tough stance against promoters, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel has sought to restrict conversion of distressed company's debt to equity by lenders. An RBI report prepared by a working group to review the existing prudential guidelines on restructuring of advances also wants banks to make a 5% provision on restructured loans out of its profits even if the loan is not treated as a 'non-performing asset' or a bad loan.According to the panel, RBI should ideally not waive prudential norms for classification of bad loans.However, in view of the current macroeconomic situation, the panel wants RBI to continue with regulatory forbearance for two years. \"As stipulating personal guarantee will ensure promoters' \"skin in the game\" or commitment to the restructuring package, the group recommended that obtaining the personal guarantee of promoters be made a mandatory requirement in all cases of restructuring,\" a statement said.Banks on their part are required to assess the value diminution they suffer because of restructuring and make a provision in their profit and loss numbers. The value diminution should be computed by calculating the difference in the value of the loan if there had been no need for restructuring and the value after restructuring. To ensure that it is not the lenders alone who are taking the hit, the panel wants promoters' contribution to be at a minimum of 15% of the diminution in fair value or 2% of the restructured debt, whichever is higher.Whenever a company is unable to generate cash to meet its debt obligations for a situation outside its control, banks work with the promoter to restructure the company's debt if the promoter can come up with a viable plan. Debt restructuring is done by reducing the loan burden by giving more time to repay or lowering the interest rate, or both. The logic behind this exercise is that in most cases banks are better positioned to recover their money from a functioning business rather than through seizure and sale of assets. In some cases, they convert debt into equity on the expectation that the shares will be worth a lot more when the loans are paid off.A recent high-profile restructuring case has been that of Kingfisher Airlines with banks even agreeing to convert Rs 1,355 crore of loans into equity at a conversion price of Rs 64.48.Since then, the market price of the airline's stock has dropped sharply.Among other recommendations, the panel said the prescribed time span of seven years for non-infrastructure borrowal accounts and ten years for infrastructure accounts for becoming viable on restructuring was too long and the viability time span should not be more than five years in non-infrastructure cases and not more than eight years in infrastructure cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15065607", "title": "Traffic police seize four modified bikes in Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: Traffic police attached four modified bikes from the parking area of a Mapusa college on Friday evening.Mapusa traffic cell police inspector Salim Sheikh said that there were several complaints from locals that modified bikes are involved in racing. Locals also said that the modified muffler (silencer) fitted to these bikes results in sound pollution. The bikes include three Yamahas and one foreign-made bike.The police said that there is no specific gang in the city but some boys get together and form groups to indulge in dangerous stunts on the roads, putting themselves and other commuters at risk.Acting on the complaint, the traffic police attached four such modified bikes under Section 184 that is rash and negligent driving and Section 190 (2), noise pollution, of the Motor Vehicles Act. \"There are other violations also such as no rearview mirrors, fancy number plates. We will issue them challans for those,\" Sheikh said. \"The bikes will be referred to the RTO for modification verification and further appropriate action,\" he added.These bikes are usually modified in small-time garages where different parts are assembled for higher speed and stunt performing capabilities. Sources said that the muffler itself could cost up to 34,000. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15066135", "title": "BHEL plans 'model production cluster' to end cartelisation", "text": "TRICHY: In order to break the cartelization of industrial consumables, the BHEL Small Scale Industries Development Service, now in its new avatar as Bidass, has embarked on a model cluster of networking. Bidass which has now 397 member units spread around Trichy region was formed as the first network cluster in the early 1980s and later incorporated as a Section 25 registered company under the Indian Companies Act, 1956.Started in 1984 with a membership of 13 units, Bidass has today grown to have 397 members as Trichy was fast becoming a hub of engineering activity for boiler industry in India. Many daring entrepreneurs had set up fabrication facilities and machine shops in and around Trichy, and a group of entrepreneurs had established their units to cater to the ancillary needs of BHEL and similar boiler manufacturing companies.Meanwhile, the looming risk of increasing consumable prices was increasing the cost of production. Moreover, supply has to be regular and time-bound to keep up production schedules. A lateral thought occurred, and an idea was born to buy directly from manufacturers and supply quality products to member units in time, said S Sampath, president of Bidaas.It is a model of cluster networking, and the primary idea is to avoid intermediaries. The resultant savings is passed on as price reduction to the members, Sampath explained. In fact, Bidass had achieved a turnover of Rs 37 crore in 2010-11 and this figure shot up to Rs 50 crore in the current fiscal. Since oxygen is a prime cutting consumable for member units, Bidass has put up a state-of-the-art Liquid Oxygen Plant to supply high quality oxygen at very low prices. The unit will be officially opened by the executive director of BHEL, A V Krishnan, on July 24. Bidaas, however, charges two percent over and above the market price to meet the administrative expenses as the association has employed around 65 people, said vice-president of Bidaas M Vairavel. But the price charged by Bidaas is the benchmark in the market, and all other suppliers gravitate their prices around this price. Furthermore, there can be no cartelization by outside suppliers when Bidaas sets the benchmark prices, added Vairavel.Any fabrication unit having an experience of two years in the market without any partnership squabbles may become a member of Bidass by paying a nominal Rs 20,000 as fee.Vairavel said the association was now planning to increase membership to 600 units after getting due approval from the company secretary. Bidaas has at present depots at Thuvakudi, Mathur, Ariyamangalam, and Thiruverumbur, and one more at Pudukkudi is under construction. The association is also planning to add one oxygen plant at Mathur depot, and an Argon plant, another high cost cutting gas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15063270", "title": "Police custody of \u2018spy\u2019 extended", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday extended by five days the police custody of Zubair Khan who was held for allegedly working for a Pakistani intelligence agency and was found possessing secret documents relating to Indian army which were to be supplied to an \"agent\" of Pakistan High Commission here.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate Manish Yaduvanshi extended Zubair's police custody by five days. Zubair, a resident of UP, was earlier remanded in two-day police custody on July 18 following his arrest by the crime branch of Delhi Police on July 17.The police told the court that Zubair was apprehended near Kalindi Kunj Park. When he was searched, confidential documents and photographs pertaining to Indian army were recovered.During interrogation, Zubair disclosed that he was working for a Pakistan intelligence agency and was in contact with some officials of Pakistan High Commission here and that the recovered documents were to be handed over to that agent of the Commission, police told the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15063287", "title": "Snags, fuel shortage lead to power cuts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Breakdown and fuel shortage has resulted in several generating stations supplying significantly less power to Tata Power Delhi Distribution Limited (TPDDL). As a result, areas under this discom are facing frequent power cuts. However, the discom said that steps are being taken to ensure there is no interruption of essential services.3 fined for smuggling alcohol out of airportThree persons were fined Rs 1,000 each for trying to smuggle duty free alcohol out of the IGI airport on Friday. CISF spokesperson Hemendra Singh said the CISF surveillance team detected 12 duty free liquor bottles in a garbage bag that was being carried out in a vehicle through the international goods gate of terminal 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066758", "title": "SSNNL asked to ensure supply of 520 cusecs of water from Maliya branch canal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The water supply department has in the high level meeting held to review the drinking water situation in the state asked the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Limited ( SSNNL) to supply 520 million litres of day (MLD) through its Maliya-Miyana branch canal.With the department receiving just 330 MLD water, areas in Saurashtra are facing a severe water crisis. Officials said that the water from the canal was illegally drawn which has result in short supply to Jamnagar and Rajkot Municipal corporations.Rajkot was, a week ago supplied 70 MLD of water, but now it gets just 47 MLD from the branch canal. Similarly, Jamnagar was earlier supplied 20 MLD and today it got just 15 MLD.Officials said there is water scarcity in about 1,400 villages which included 592 villages in Saurashtra. Officials said this figure was 1,179 villages on June 30.On Wednesday, the government formed a seven-member ministerial committee to evaluate the situation and recommend policy measures to ensure supplies of drinking water, fodder, power besides monitoring district-wise implementation of policy decisions taken. The first meeting of this committee led by finance minister Vajubhai Vala is to be held on Friday.Officials further said the government has resolved that in the next couple of days they will decide whether to release water from dams for irrigation. However, dams in Saurashtra are just 8% full and at the meeting it was also decided to reserve this water for drinking purposes.Government officials said that where the water sources have all dried up, existing tubewells which have been kept in reserve have been repaired and these will be used to supply water.Officials said about 502 villages are supplied water through tankers. Also 1,772 hand pumps will be rejuvenated to meet water need of their areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15068283", "title": "Juhu rave: 7 test positive for hard drugs", "text": "Mumbai: The results of the tests on the second batch of revellers detained at a Juhu 'rave party' in May show that only seven had consumed hard drugs.Of the 44 people tested in the batch, three tested positive for cocaine, four for popular party drug MDMA and 35 for cannabis, additional commissioner of police Vishwas Nangre Patil said on Friday. While two IPL players who attended the party have tested positive for cannabis, the results of two others were negative.Patil said the tests proved that the 110gms powder seized from the premises was cocaine.Ninety people had attended the party at Oakwood Premier on May 20. Of the 46 people tested in the first batch, 27 were found to have consumed cannabis, 16 cannabis and MDMA and one person just MDMA. The results of two people-a director and a producer- turned out negative. Police said the foreigners who have tested positive will be summoned for their statements. Also, those who have tested positive will be arrested under the NDPS Act.MDMA is a psychotropic substance known to induce mental and physical euphoria.On May 20, a special team led by additional commissioner of police Vishwas Nangre Patil raided Oakwood Premier serviced apartments and detained 90 people who had gathered for a sundown party. The revellers were sent to Cooper, Bhabha and JJ hospitals for tests.Oakwood owner Vishay Handaunder was arrested on May 21 under the NDPS Act for letting out his premises for a drug party. Handa, who had sent out the invites and was present at the party, was released by a court on bail 12 days later. Of the 4,000 tracks recovered from the party, 95% was of trance music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15064455", "title": "IAS officer faces probe for hooch tragedy", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Human Rights Commission has recommended departmental proceedings against excise commissioner Deb Kumar Chakraborty in connection with the hooch deaths in December last year. This is the first time that an IAS officer has been pulled up by the rights body.According to CID records, around 174 people were killed in Bengal's worst spurious liquor tragedy at Sangrampur village in South 24-Parganas. The rights commission, however, put the death count at 172. Most of those died in December were labourers, rickshaw-pullers and hawkers. They fell ill soon after consuming the spurious liquor from several illegal joints in and around Mograhat. Soon, they began complaining of stomach pain, vomiting, chest pain and body ache.The order, passed two days ago, reached Writers' Buildings on Friday. In his first major recommendation since taking over on April 3, commission chairman Justice (retired) Asok Kumar Ganguly has asked the government to take action against the excise commissioner within four weeks.Considering the intensity of the tragedy, the commission had suo motu directed state chief secretary Samar Ghosh to submit a report. The chief secretary submitted his report in April, giving the commission a perspective to the incident. Members of the commission also visited the spot and found that local excise officials were working hand-in-glove with hooch traders.In its order, the commission wrote that it was expected that drastic action would be taken against officials involved. However, only one official had been hauled up and departmental proceedings were initiated against him. After three months, this official was let off with a prize-posting in the South 24-Parganas district headquarters at Alipore.The commission has taken strong exception to the authorities taking the case so lightly and has stated in its order that the excise commissioner should have risen to the occasion. He should have taken stringent action against department officials. By not doing so, he had failed to execute his responsibilities and should, therefore, be taken to task.Sujoy Haldar, joint secretary of the commission, said, \"The commission studied the case thoroughly because as many as 172 people had died in the hooch tragedy. Evidence was collected from the district magistrate, SP and chief medical health officer of South 24-Parganas and other local officials.\" The excise commissioner, too, had to submit his report.The commission has not taken kindly the fact that the trade of supplying spurious liquor to poor people had been going on under the nose of district officials, especially those employed with the excise department. Unfortunately, no preventive action had been taken.The state government had handed the case to the CID and some people had been arrested. The kingpin who allegedly supplied the spurious liquor, Noor Islam Fakir alias Khora Badshah, later surrendered. Autopsy reports of victims indicated that their cause of death was respiratory and cardiac failure. The CMOH said in his report to the commission that the victims had died of cardio-respiratory failure due to methyl poisoning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15066150", "title": "NGO moves court against Sunflag for causing pollution", "text": "BHANDARA: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has issued notices to state forest ministry, Maharashtra Pollution Control Board and the management of Sunflag Iron and Steel Company on a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by an NGO. The next date of hearing is July 24.The PIL had been filed by an NGO Dr Babasaheb Ambedakar Mutli-purpose Yuva Sanstha and villagers of Warthi against Sunflag for causing pollution on March 28, 2012. In the PIL, the NGO and villagers have pleaded that the company violated pollution control norms and its pollutants have made their lives a living hell. They contented that more than 50 persons have died and around 500 others are suffering from various diseases caused by the pollutants released by the company.The petitioners cited that ignoring the health hazards caused by the company, the state government allowed it to expand its operations which led to even more pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15077249", "title": "J.Lo didn't leave American Idol over salary dispute", "text": "Jennifer Lopez's decision to quit reality talent show 'American Idol' after two seasons had nothing to do over salary package, it has been claimed.Contrary to reports that the ' Waiting for Tonig ht' hitmaker had asked for a 2-million-dollar hike to continue judging the Fox show for a third season, a source close to the star told People magazine that they did approach the 42-year-old actress with a \"comparable offer to last year's salary\" for next season, but it was never countered or negotiated by her team.For her first season on the show, the pop singer had earned 15 million dollars.According to the source, she did get a raise for her second season, because the company understood the value that she brought to the series.Her second year salary was 20 million dollars plus bonuses, the source said.Regarding her decision to leave, the source said that it was a difficult one, and had been formed by the star's interest in focusing on her family, film career and other creative ventures, including her fashion business.As for her reasoning, Lopez recently told Ryan Seacrest just how tough the decision had been to quit the show along with Steven Tyler , who would be departing next season, too.\"I could do Idol for the rest of my life. But that would be giving up a bunch of other things ... I have my movies and my music and my this and my that,\" she said at that time.\"It all kind of worked together for a while, but then it gets more complicated.\"I've never felt so much a part of a family of something. I've been working on as I did with Idol. I didn't know I'd be moved so emotionally by working on the show and working with the contestants,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15066723", "title": "I-T department lacks coordination: HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The income tax (I-T) department again got a rebuke from the Gujarat high court on Friday. This time, the department was pulled up for lack of coordination between its commissionerates.Hearing an appeal by Vodafone Essar Gujarat Ltd, a bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Mohinder Pal pulled up an assistant commissioner of I-T from Delhi for showing lethargy in litigation before the Delhi HC. After the company's submission that its scheme of arrangement is approved by various HCs, the bench had summoned the officer.The HC criticized the department for raising objections before one court, while keeping mum before another in the same matter. \"It is unfortunate that in the I-T department there is no coordination between commissionerate of one state with the other state... attempt should be made by the concerned commissionerate to find out the position of the petition pending before the other high courts so that there may be consistency in the stand of the department in various high courts,\" the bench observed.The bench observed that it is for the Central Board of Direct Taxes to find out a solution of this problem and issue directions to each of I-T commissionerates so that different contentions are not made before different courts. The HC even advised that in the present case, the CBDT should have moved the Supreme Court for placing all the matters in one HC.Earlier this week, the HC pulled up the department for filing an affidavit after the stage of arguments was over. The court refused to accept the affidavit following strong objection on part of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-21"}
