{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15010701", "title": "4,200 Karnataka doctors threaten to quit on July 20", "text": "BANGALORE: Doctors are on the warpath again. As many as 4,200 of them from hospitals across the state and six in Bangalore have decided to resign en masse on July 20 to protest, among other things, the government's delay in increasing salaries.The doctors, under the banner of Karnataka Government Medical Officers' Association (KGMOA), said they would not attend to any emergency from July 20. The KGMOA on Monday made the decision after its members staged a day-long protest in front of the directorate of health and family welfare department at Anand Rao Circle.The doctors, mainly from Tumkur, Chikkaballapur and rural areas, are demanding a salary hike and withdrawal of criminal charges against their colleagues. It's the third protest in two months. \"We have decided not to approach the government with further demands. Our president and 20 doctors from four divisions will be on protest till July 20,\" KGMOA secretary Dr Shylakumar HK said.In June first week, doctors, attached to the health and family welfare department, had given the government time till June 29 to meet their demands. They'd also threatened to quit. \"We want our basic salary to be increased from Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 and merge allowances with basic salary. We are also demanding withdrawal of 10 district hospitals from the medical colleges,\" KGMOA president Dr Raveendran HN said.Fifty-two doctors from Chikkaballapur and 101 from Tumkur were booked under criminal charges in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011827", "title": "Friends on Dara Singh, his bouts &amp; a \u2018godly\u2019 moment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"I first met Dara Singh in 1962 at the circuit house in Ambala, where he had come for a wrestling competition that was held at 'gol ground'. He was wearing a night suit and I could not see his muscles. After that my maternal uncle, himself a known wrestler, made me meet the gentle giant several times but the first meeting is still fresh in my mind,\" reminisced Gurinderpal Singh Dhillon, a property dealer, who is a resident of Sector 21, Panchkula.Dhillon along with other friends and associates of the wrestler-turned-actor had come to the Chandigarh airport to pay their last respects to the wrestler whose ashes were being taken by his sons Parduman Singh Randhawa and Vindu Dara Singh and other family members to Kiratpur Sahib . Dhillon recalled when he was in Allahabad for a hockey match in 1976, he got to know about a wrestling contest in which Dara was to participate. \"Through my uncle, Saudagar Singh, I managed to get a seat in the jam-packed hall. Dara even shared some light moments with me then. After that our friendship became stronger,\" he recalled.\"I remember Dara Singh telling me that an astrologer had told him that if he tried his luck in something besides wrestling, he would reach great heights. And see how much fame he got in the film industry,\" said Dhillon.Kashmir Singh Sandhu, another friend of Dara's, who is resident of Phase X, Mohali , said that the wrestler's village Dharmuchak was quite close to his village Bharopal. And many times he had accompanied Dara to boxing bouts. |\"During a visit to Rajasthan where there was a wrestling match, the crowd wanting to catch a glimpse of him just went crazy. As Dara had played the role of Hanuman in the televised series on \"Ramayana,\" people were seen paying obeisance as if he is was Hanuman.\"Inderpal Singh, another friend of the wrestler, said, \"Dara Singh was like my elder brother and we spent some quality time together.\"After people paid their obeisance at the airport, the family stopped for some time at the Dara Studio in Phase VI, Mohali before moving to Kiratpur Sahib to immerse his ashes in the Sutluj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15011744", "title": "Kerala lottery row: Director refers matter to crime branch", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The case of Kishan Chand, a resident of Haryana who was protesting outside the Secretariat, claiming that the state was denying him the prize money of the lottery he won, took a new turn after the lottery director referred the matter to the crime branch.\"The matter has been referred to the crime branch, after the agent who is claiming to have sold the prize winning ticket, complained that Kishan Chand has taken Rs 7 lakhs from him and he is claiming three more,\" state lottery director Biju Prabhakar told TOI.\"After I mentioned to the lottery agent that the case will be referred to the police as we feel that something shady is going on, Kishan Chand also is absconding,\" Biju said.He said the lottery agent had no obligation to pay any sum to the person who has won the prize. Out of the Rs one crore prize money, the agent is eligible for Rs 10 lakh from the lottery department. The winner would receive Rs 63 lakh after deducting the income tax.\"Even when there is no obligation on the part of the agent to pay the winner any sum, he says has given him Rs 7 lakh. When already many fraudulent cases are being probed by police, we feel that this one also has to be looked into,\" he said.The crime branch is currently probing more than 50 cases of malpractices in the lottery sector after several media reports alleged that there was a huge racket operating outside the state which was resorting to fraudulent methods toKishan Chand, a textile merchant from Panipat, had alleged that the state lottery department has been denying him prize money of Rs one crore he won from the draw of Karunya lottery of the state government. He said that despite submitting all relevant documents, the authorities declined his claim saying that he was a resident of another state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15011755", "title": "Students accuse Coimbatore school of discrimination", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four students of V Genguswamy Naidu Matriculation School at Ottakkalmandapam along with their parents handed over a petition to the district collector on Monday alleging that their school was forcing them to appear for the Class 10 examinations as private candidates. They said they were being discriminated and targeted as the school considered them poor students who could affect their quest for 'hundred per cent' results in the board examinations.M Rajagopal, whose son was among the complainants, said the school had asked the students to apply as private candidates for the board examination without informing the parents. \"Last Thursday, the school asked the students to go to the education department and file as private candidates. However, the department officials informed us,\" he told TOI. He said that around seven students were told by the school to attend as private candidates. Another parent, K Ponraj said that they had paid the fees of their students, but were denied the rights of regular students. The parents said the school had made some students appear as private candidates in the past also.The students who came in schools uniforms told reporters that they were being targeted and humiliated in the class. They said that their attendances were not taken in the regular records, but in separate white sheets. One of the students said they were being discriminated by teachers. He said that they had scored more than 35 to 40 per cent in their class 9 examinations. \"The teachers insult us. We are told that we will lower the prestige of the school,\" said a student. He alleged that teachers beat them severely using rulers and tortured them.School headmistress Akhila Vishwanathan denied the allegations. She said they told the students to appear as private candidates since they wanted to encourage them to study better. About students appearing as private candidates in previous years, she said those students sought the option on their own. \"We never discriminate students based on their ability,\" she said.The district collector later directed the petition to the inspector of matriculation schools (IMS) to look into the matter. R Balamurali, who holds charge as IMS, told TOI that they would conduct an enquiry in the coming days. Meanwhile, the school officials have been asked not to cause any inconvenience to the students, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014998", "title": "Miley Cyrus lashes out at paparazzi on Twitter", "text": "Miley Cyrus has taken to her Twitter page to vent out her against the paparazzi for permanently camp outside her Los Angeles home.Although the former Disney star has had to deal with photographers since finding fame as a young teen, she's become even more of a media target of late, after becoming engaged to 'The Hunger Games' hunk Liam Hemsworth this summer.However, Cyrus is fast losing her patience with the pack of male cameramen documenting her every move, Contactmusic reported.\"How is it legal for men I've never seen before to sit in front of my house and then follow me around! So shady and scary,\" she tweeted.The 19-year-old had previously also expressed her frustration with the media.\"I hate paparazzi with a passion. disgusting pigs. (no offense (sic) to pigs),\" she posted last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15011476", "title": "Of ghee and good-heartedness", "text": "As a child, countless hours were spent hotly debating the question 'if my father and yours were to fight, who would win' and variations thereof involving public figures and film heroes.An endless succession of combinations in escalating order of presumed strength would be tried till someone pulled out the name of Dara Singh, whereupon the discussion would come to an end. It was impossible to conceive of anyone ever competing with him; the only name bracketed with him was that of King Kong, but it had been established by the grapevine that this fearsome-sounding exotic monster from foreign lands too had been decisively vanquished by the great Dara Singh. In a world with few absolutes, the legendary wrestler was the definitive culmination to our quest for strength in a human being.At a time when desi ghee was seen as a distillation of all that was desirable in the world, Dara Singh was its undisputed ambassador. Ghee masculinity came from an authentic source, and carried with it qualities of rigour, discipline, loyalty and was encased in a strong moral code. Ghee placed a premium on the robustness of the intrinsic over the glossy slickness of the surface, valuing the real over the simulated. Using only ghee meant that one's values were not tarnished and the cheapening of the spirit had been kept at bay. Ghee reconciled notions of masculine strength and respectful domesticity; it conferred both worldliness and detachment, great power and cooling softness. Its ability to reconcile opposite qualities lay in its own origins; it was an extract from a creature known for its gentleness and distilled till it turned into a potent elixir. The masculinity that came from the world of ghee was regarded as the real thing; where deep power came to the surface not as brute force wanting to impose itself on the world, but as restrained strength that offered protection to an existing way of life.The wrestler is a product of this culture. Strength is cultivated by staying away from what are seen as contaminating influences and by going inwards in a search for purposeful purity. Rigorous practice, unquestioned obedience to the guru, and a highly regulated lifestyle are necessary ingredients in one's quest to be a wrestler. Unlike other sport, one could not be a wrestler along with having other pre-occupations; when one was a wrestler, there was nothing residual that remained, no other description that could fit. One was a wrestler to the exclusion of everything else.Part of the culture of wrestling comes from the nature of the sport. Wrestling uses strength non-violently; it harnesses force not to injure but to subdue. Wrestling underlines the fact that application of physical strength directed against another individual need not necessarily be violent in nature. It is an exercise in competitive physics, in manipulating the slippery balance between two forces and is applied in order that one prevails over the other. Unlike the modern cinematic representation of strength, where its purpose is very specifically rooted in an intent to cause damage; where every fist is dying to explode inside every skull it encounters, shattering it in slow motion, the wrestler dances with his opponent in what writer Joseph Alter calls the 'poetics of fluid movement' in order to pin him down.The wrestler's power lies in his imposing presence, in the promise of unimagined strength that he brandishes much more than in its use. The bouncer of today is an extension of the wrestler; his role is to prevent violence rather to deal in it. The fact that Dara Singh is almost always described as gentle, has much to do with his personality as it has with the world he comes from.The form of masculinity of which Dara Singh was an ideal, was rooted in the ideas of preservation and purity rather than transmission and use. To be a man was to find reservoirs of strength within oneself, to define an internal ideal and to seek it with discipline verging on the devotional. In his wonderfully illuminating treatise on Indian masculinity Moral Materialism, Joseph Alter argues that traditional notions of masculinity were rooted in the desirability of celibacy and the need to preserve semen; in a scenario like this gender, 'becomes a purely self-referential question rather than a problem of distinguishing between masculine and feminine attributes'. Even the desire for celibacy has more to do with selfcontrol and ideas of truth than with power and domination; celibacy has a moral value in terms of its positive effect on the individual's health but is not 'moral in a puritanical or prudish sense simply by virtue of being intrinsically opposed to sex or sexuality '. This was a masculinity that was deeply conservative but was not arrayed against the feminine, and did not define itself with respect to it.The desire was to avoid the feminine, rather than to attract it or to acquire it with force. Which is why Dara Singh is more Hercules than Adonis, and some commentaries that describe him as a sex symbol might be guilty of retrospectively imposing today's view of physicality on yesterday's reality. Dara Singh remained a reservoir of self-contained strength; in some ways, Dara Singh's great achievement was to manage to remain a wrestler at heart in the midst of the glittering new worlds he found himself in. Contrasted with today, when force translates quite effortlessly into power, and musculature into a transactable commodity, Dara Singh reminds us that this need not be the case. To be strong can be as much about what you withhold, of what you choose not to do as it is about your actions. Dara Singh has left us only now, but the world he lived in and believed in has left by a much earlier flight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15010655", "title": "'KUSMA can take issue to SC'", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka State School Development and Monitoring Committee Coordination Forum (SDMCCF) has objected to the statewide protest call given by Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association (KUSMA) from July 16 to July 22. According to SDMCCF, the closure is totally unconstitutional and gross violation of a child's fundamental right to education.The forum said this action by KUSMA violates the international legal instrument, the United Nation Convention on Rights of the Child, which was ratified by India in 1992. One of the principles under the convention is to seek the opinion of children before taking any decision pertaining to their rights. However, KUSMA has taken a unilateral decision without consulting the children, and is jeopardizing their basic rights, the association said.If it has any objections, KUSMA can file a review petition in the Supreme Court. Issues related to administrative and technical details on implementation of the law can be discussed and settled with the state government, the association added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011152", "title": "Maharashtra plan to protect bears in offing", "text": "NAGPUR: For the first time, wildlife wing of the state forest department will prepare a conservation plan for sloth bears that are fast becoming vulnerable to poaching. To prepare an outline, a meeting was organized by SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF) for wildlife, Maharashtra, on Monday. Wildlife and territorial wing officials from bear-range areas in the state and NGOs were present.Naqvi told TOI it was an initiative of Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) and is being conducted by the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun , and Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), a NGO working for wildlife protection. The action plan will be released at the International Bear Association (IBA) conference to be held in India in November 2012.Throughout their range in India, sloth bears face serious threats due to forest degradation, conflicts with humans, shortage of food resources, poaching and trade of live cubs or body parts. Naqvi said this was perhaps the first attempt to prepare a sloth bear conservation plan.It would focus on present population status, minimizing conflict, steps to monitor the animals by developing a methodology to conduct census, spreading awareness and to see how joint forest management committees (JFMCs) and eco-development committees (EDCs) could be roped in for bear conservation. \"Once the plan is approved, we will get funds to conserve bears like we do for tigers. The plan is expected to be ready within a month,\" said Naqvi.The task of preparing the plan is being undertaken jointly by WII and WTI with the help of forest departments. There are around 26 bear-range states in India. In Maharashtra, WTI obtained information from respective divisions on status, threats, conservation measures taken and proposed in future to conserve bears.According to an estimation exercise conducted in 2005 in the state's wildlife and territorial areas, bear population is estimated to be around 1,939. Of these, 1068 were in sanctuaries and 871 outside. However, a population estimation conducted using water hole count in 2007 in sanctuaries came up with figure of 960 bears.Eight species of bears are found in the world of which four - Asiatic black bear, Himalayan brown bear, Malayan sun bear and sloth bear occur in India. They are distributed across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011519", "title": "'Amarmani, wife making mockery of life-term'", "text": "LUCKNOW: \"Conviction or no conviction, Amarmani Tripathi and his wife continue to enjoy the comforts of home, thanks to their political masters,\" said Nidhi Shukla, the sister of slain poetess Madhumita Shukla, reacting to the Nainital high court upholding the life-sentence slapped on Tripathi, his wife and two others.According to Nidhi, the couple have been staying in a private room of BRD Hospital ever since they were convicted for the murder of Madhumita. \"They got themselves referred to district hospital for treatment which is continuing for the past two years and is likely to follow all their life,\" Nidhi said. \"At present, the couple is putting up at the hospital, enjoying home cook food and comforts of a clandestinely installed air-conditioner. There have been instances when they had spent days at their house and the jail officials had come to complete the paperwork because as per the documents, he is lodged in jail and serving his sentence,\" she alleged.This was not the first time that Amarmani has been accused of making a mockery of the jail-term slapped on him for the murder of poet Madhumita Shukla in 2003. As per Nidhi, the couple serving life-term at a Haridwar jail got themselves transferred to Gorakhpur on the medical ground, saying that they were being treated at BRD Hospital.In September last, he was spotted roaming around with a posse of cops and a train of his associates in tow. It was later established that he was out of the jail on grounds of medical treatment. It was also confirmed that on September 2, 2011 Amarmani reached the Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences in Lucknow complaining of chest pain. But the doctors refused to admit him on grounds that it was not at all required. He then tried his luck at the Chattrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU), but in vain. The panel of doctors which examined him refused to recommend hospitalization for him. Eventually, Amarmani got admitted at the Medical College in Varanasi. However, regular coverage by the media finally forced the government to send him back to Roshanabad jail in Haridwar where he is serving a life-term.It was only after the issue appeared in the press that action was initiated against the doctor on whose recommendation he was admitted to the hospital after a team of super-specialist doctors examined him and found the ailment not at all serious enough to require any hospitalisation.\"He is so use to this freedom that he got a video CD released in which he was shown campaigning for his son who was fielded as a Samajwadi Party (SP) in the 2012 assembly elections. It was only after the media questioned the date and time when the video was shot, that the CDs disppeared from circulation overnight,\" says Nidhi.What reflected the blatant way in which Amarmani got his DVD shot is the fact that in the very opening sentence of his message, he says: \" Mulayam Singh ki sarkar banwayen...Samajwadi Party ko vote dein... Hum jail mein band hain...Mujhpar huye atyachar ka jawab aap ko dena hoga ...(Vote for Samajwadi Party to help Mulayam Singh Yadav become the chief minister...I am in jail...It's time you people gave a befitting reply to all the atrocities on me). As if this was not enough, Amarmani goes on to say: \"Aapka ek ek vote mujhe salakhon se mukti mein sahaytakarega (Every single vote of yours will help me walk out of the prison)\"We have approached the chief minister, the prime minister and the President of India repeatedly requesting them to ensure that he serves his sentence in jail, but in vain.The irony is that even if he comes down to our house and murders us, no one be able to do anything because as per the police records, he would be in jailm,\" Nidhi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15011399", "title": "Robbers stab trader's wife to death", "text": "HOWRAH: A gang of robbers stabbed a woman to death at her home in Howrah in the wee hours of Monday because she could not get her seven-month-old baby to stop crying. The gang also hacked her husband, a businessman, when he tried to save her.The couple's children also saw the brutal attack. The victim, 35-year-old Esmat Ara Begum, was a former Congress member of the Bargachhia-II gram panchayat.The gang fled with cash and valuables worth lakhs and is yet to be identified. Jagadballavpur police station is barely 1.5 km from the house where the dacoits struck. Residents accused the police of not being vigilant enough and blocked the Howrah-Amta Road in protest.Police suspect that the gang followed zari trader Asmat Ali Middya (40) to his house in Dakshin Santoshpur Middyapara from Dhulagarh where he had gone to collect money from an associate. Middya reached home around midnight and three dacoits apparently slipped through the main gate after him and hid in the compound. They struck at 1am, when Middya was preparing for bed. He locked the main gate but not the front door.The masked dacoits barged into the bedroom and held a dagger to the trader's throat, demanding the money he had collected from Dhulagarh. When he refused, the gang hit him on the head with an iron rod. His wife, Esmat, woke up and lunged to protect him. The baby also woke up and started screaming.\"The dacoits asked Esmat to shut up the child but the baby kept on screaming and she also refused to back down. The goons then started stabbing her in the abdomen, chest and throat. And as she lay dying, they ransacked the room and got hold of Rs 1 lakh in cash and 4-5 bhori gold jewellery. They were in the house for about 25 minutes,\" a police officer said.Neighbours finally took notice of the screams and rushed to the Middya residence. Esmat was taken to hospital where she was declared dead on arrival. Middya was admitted to Medical College Hospital where he received several stitches on his head.Locals say the police reached very late. Forensic exerts will examine the crime scene. The killers left behind a lot of bloody footprints and locals say they saw a car leave the area right after the incident.\"There is a large market near the house and the police station is close by. Had there been regular patrolling, the robbers wouldn't have dared commit such a crime. Even after being informed, the police didn't react fast enough,\" said Habibullah Mullick, a neighbour.Additional SP (rural) Sukhendu Hira said they were investigating the case but no suspect had been detained till late evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15011447", "title": "Chapoli dam still 5m short of desired mark", "text": "CANACONA: Though rain lashed the state in the last few days, the water level at the Chapoli dam in Canacona taluka is still 5m short of the desired mark.Officials of the water resources department said that Monday's rain brought the water level to 32.5m, while the height of the dam is 38.5m. \"It will take at least another 10-15 days of torrential rain to fill the dam to the required limit,\" an official at the dam said.Barring Loliem village, the entire Canacona taluka is dependant on the water from the Chapoli dam. If the dam does not reach its full level by July-end, it will be difficult to control the water crisis in summer, said former chairperson of the Canacona Municipal Council Santosh Gaonkar.Sources at the dam said that last year the dam water overflowed in the second week of July itself, during which time the taluka had received approximately 90 inches of rain.Though rainfall has been intermittent, Canacona received a lesser quantum of rain than even Pernem. The total seasonal rainfall recorded in Canacona till Monday evening was 1357.0mm (about 54 inches), while Pernem recorded 2083.6mm (about 83 inches).Chapoli dam, which was built in the 1990s, situated barely 1km north of Chauri, supplies water to different parts of Canacona taluka. In May, the people in the taluka face a water crisis and even source water from small ponds and springs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011317", "title": "Rahul-for-PM chorus betrays unease in Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: The indication that Rahul Gandhi will step out of his limited role in the AICC to assume bigger responsibility triggered speculation about what his new designation might be, with party sources not ruling out his projection as the prime ministerial candidate in 2014.A day after AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh said Rahul would assume a bigger role in party affairs after September, speculation was rife about the post he could occupy, with the possibilities of his being appointed vice-president, working president or secretary general being bandied about.Congress seemed to indulge the growing clamour for Rahul to assume bigger responsibility, a departure from its practice of clamping down on such \"sycophancy\". AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"Congress leaders and activists have been articulating for some time that Rahul Gandhi should assume a larger role in the party or the government or both. But that decision is to be taken by Rahul or Congress chief Sonia Gandhi.\"Speaking on the condition of anonymity, a senior office-bearer who is considered to be mindful of the leadership's interests, said circumstances may impel the party to deviate from the tradition not to project anyone for prime minister ahead of polls.The AICC's accommodative reaction to the clamour for Rahul confirmed indications about his impending graduation in party affairs but with little clarity on the official role. Insiders said the post of working president, held by Kamlapati Tripathi in the past, would make the young leader 'number two' in the party. The vice-president's post, once occupied by Arjun Singh , does not appear serious enough, while secretary general, the post held by H N Bahuguna, too does not seem to find many takers.The confusion continued after a senior leader discounted Rahul becoming the 'working president', saying the post was long discontinued since it was meant in a certain context.However, what is guaranteed is that Rahul will occupy a post which will set him apart from the bunch of general secretaries in the AICC.Sources said Rahul's elevation in the party, away from his minor charge of youth outfits, would automatically position him for the PM's post. The comment of the senior leader that the possibility of Rahul being projected as the PM candidate in 2014 , added grist to the speculation.The comment was widely interpreted as Congress declaring Rahul for the top job. With a third term for PM Manmohan Singh ruled out, it would be difficult for the ruling Congress to go to the polls without a face lest it lead to questions if the replacement was not ready or the party was not confident enough to risk its heir apparent.The thrust to Rahul's impending elevation came a day after AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh said the heir apparent would assume a more active role from September. The comment did not evoke any denial. In fact, Singh was part of the small bunch of top Congress leaders who met Congress chief Sonia Gandhi in the morning for discussions on president and V-P election and state polls.The clamour only kept growing for the Amethi MP to shed his reluctance. Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal told TOI, \"Rahul should take overall responsibility of the party organization. It will raise the morale of party workers and send out a positive message to the country.\"The chorus is likely to push Congress towards the Rahul-for-PM slogan in 2014 elections even as it indicates an unease within, as much because of the slide in party's fortunes as the anxiety over leadership in next elections.Congressmen said this is the opportune time for Rahul to move up. His taking over, obviously with much fanfare, would contrast positively with the jostling in the saffron GenNext over an all-acceptable face as PM. Rahul's taking over may further stoke the competition among them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011078", "title": "Nagpur University plans new undergraduate journalism course from next year", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University (NU) plans to introduce a new Bachelor of Arts (BA) course in journalism which will begin from the next academic session. BA in Mass Communication will be the first three-year degree course offered by NU in journalism for the students passing their XII standard. The issue was under discussion for over six months, and finally got the consent of NU's Board of Studies (BOS) on Monday.The matter of launching this course had been under discussion for the last six months before finally getting a nod from the university authorities.In the ad hoc (mass communication) board meeting, the members took the decision after realizing its need in today's world. Currently, NU offers a three-year Diploma in Journalism, a one year Bachelor of Journalism (BJ) and a two year Master of Arts in Mass Communication, said a source.A member of board told TOI that this course was not present earlier in Vidarbha, but now that it was approved, the students will get have ample opportunities to take the career in this fast growing field of media. \"They don't have to rely on the metro cities for getting a proper degree in mass communication. The syllabus of the course will be drafted in the coming days, but lack of qualified teachers will remain a perennial problem,\" he said. (With inputs by Aman Bordia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hooghly/kolkata", "code": "15011098", "title": "Gurap horror: Cops may exhume bodies", "text": "Hooghly/KOLKATA: The CID team on Monday visited the Gurap home to probe the death of Guria, who was allegedly raped in the home and later buried. There are allegations that several other women inmates of the home were also raped and buried. Police are planning to exhume the bodies of the victims.On interrogating some accused, police have learnt that bodies of some victims were buried on the banks of the river Damodar at Jamalpur in Burdwan district. The police are planning to exhume the bodies.DIG, CID (special operations) Shankar Chakraborty went to Gurap police station and the home - Dulal Smriti Sansad - where Guria's body was buried on July 1. The body was spotted on July 12, opening a pandora's box that revealed how women who were in need of carewere tortured in the home. Chakraborty held talks with the OC of Gurap, Ajay Sinha and Hooghly's additional SP (headquarters) Tathagata Basu.Police on Sunday arrested Dr Kanchan Mondal, who had allegedly issued Guria's death certificate. He was picked up from Bankura. His handwriting is being sent to forensic experts to ascertain if he had issued the certificate. The sleuths interrogated Mondal who was produced in Chinsurah court. He made a confessional statement under section 164 CrPC before the magistrate.However, Shyamal Ghosh, another accused in the case, is still absconding. Police said they suspect the home's secretary Uday Chand Kumar and Ghosh, a local resident, played a key role in dumping other victims' bodies in Jamalpur. The Jamalpur Police has already been alerted about this, so that the bodies cannot be removed. CID officials, however, could not enter a part of the home as it was locked. one side.Social welfare minister Sabitri Mitra directed that all homes should have CCTVs and sirens, so that the entry of outsiders can be checked. \"Without any valid reason, men should not be allowed inside,\" she said, adding that she had directed district social welfare officers to ensure that CCTVs are installed at all homes. In a crisis like situation, an attack to rape one of them, the home residents should have access to sirens so that they can alert people in the locality.Panels formed wll give her reports on this every fortnight. She has also formed panels which will be submitting reports on such homes in the state to her every fortnight.Mitra went to two homes on Monday, one a vagrants' home at Dhakuria and the other run by an NGO at Tollygunj. She, however, felt satisfied with the homes and will be going to other homes to check the ground reality there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15011508", "title": "Arunachal media houses to remain shut today to protest scribe attack", "text": "ITANAGAR: Media houses in Arunachal Pradesh would observe a shut down on Tuesday to protest the attack on Arunachal Times associate editor Tongam Rina a day earlier. They will boycott all news and advertisements of the state government for 15 days. This will be reviewed if the attacker is arrested within the period.This was decided after a meeting of the members of the Arunachal Press Club and the Arunachal Pradesh Union of Working Journalists on Monday.In a statement, the members demanded that the state government book the attacker under non-bailable section within seven days and the case be fast-tracked through a special court to award exemplary punishment to the culprit. The organizations said that the case should otherwise be handed over to the CBI.They condemned attacks on the media, saying that no action is taken by law-enforcing agencies and the court against such attacks. They said the attack on Rina was possible due to the lawlessness in the state capital.\"The management of all media houses should provide security within three days in the press establishment for the security of the working staff and hi-definition CCTV cameras should be installed forthwith for security reasons,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15012085", "title": "Archaeological Survey of India proposal to document rare treasures gathers dust", "text": "CHENNAI: As petty thieves and smugglers continue to plunder Tamil Nadu's ancient temples for rare idols, a proposal to extend the life of a project to document India's unprotected and protected monuments and antiques is gathering dust in the Union ministry of culture.'Mission Documentation' of the National Mission on Monuments and Antiquities (NMMA), attached to the Archaeological Survey of India, was meant to collate data, drawings, photographs, satellite imagery and aerial photographs of protected monuments and antiques in national museums across the country as well as ancient treasures in unprotected areas.But with the ministry sitting on the proposal, India's ancient treasures continue to be at stake. \"We have done minimal percentage of documentation,\" said NMMA director R S Fonia. \"We submitted a proposal to the culture ministry on March 31 for extending the life of the mission. But we have not got any response yet,\" he said.The 90 crore project, which began in 2007, was to have been completed by March 2012. But its pace was slow with few states cooperating in providing the data and the ministry too delaying release of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15011953", "title": "Financial literacy may become part of school curriculum", "text": "MUMBAI: With household savings rate in the high 30s and investments in financial products in single digits, for long India has been facing the challenge of converting savings into financial investments. And a large part of the savings is locked in gold, real estate and bank fixed deposits. One of the solutions, market practitioners said, was to make people literate about all the aspects related to investments. Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC), the inter-regulatory body under the ministry of finance, has now proposed that basic financial education be included in school curriculum till Class XII. This has also been prompted by the need for inclusive growth.The draft report by FSDC, titled National Strategy for Financial Education, has proposed that a group - with representatives from HRD and finance ministries, CBSE, NCERT, RBI, Sebi, IRDA and other regulators - oversee the proposed financial literacy campaign. It has also proposed that the HRD ministry, with the help of the finance ministry, should \"take the lead in ensuring inclusion of financial literacy material in school curriculum across India\".In a concept papers presented a few years ago as the chairman of UTI Mutual Fund, U K Sinha, the current Sebi chairman, had proposed to include a financial education course in school curriculum. FSDC, the body that published the paper, includes Sebi.The NSFE has been prepared with three main objectives - to create awareness and educate consumers on access to financial services, availability of various types of products and their features, to change attitudes to translate knowledge into behaviour, and to make consumers understand their rights and responsibilities as clients of financial services.\"Given the fact that India has a large population, a fast-growing economy with national focus on inclusive growth and an urgent need to develop a vibrant and stable financial system, it is all the more necessary to quickly formulate and implement a national strategy,\" the report said. It has set a five-year time frame to implement the plan that aims to reach out to 500 million people.The plan envisages basic financial education at the first stage, which in subsequent stages will move up to making people aware about the various sectors (stock markets, mutual funds, insurance), and then about various products within those sectors. The report said that stocks exchanges, banks, mutual funds, insurance companies, industry associations and trade bodies, all have to play important role in the whole campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15011581", "title": "Govt to adopt zero tolerance towards doctors playing truant", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Monday announced to adopt a zero tolerance towards unauthorized absence of doctors from duty.During a review meeting with chief district medical officers (CDMOs), heath minister Prasanna Acharya said though the government was trying its best to fill up vacant posts and create infrastructure, doctors abstaining from duty for prolonged periods at many places was creating an artificial shortage. \"This will not be tolerated,\" he warned.The minister asked the CDMOs to strictly monitor absenteeism and send the list of the prolonged absentees to the government. Acharya also exhorted that young doctors should come forward to work in backward areasThe minister said the biometric attendance system, equipment for which has already been installed, will start soon and salary will be released as per the attendance record in the new system in district headquarter hospitals.The minister said the government would start prescription audit soon to ensure that doctors are prescribing government supply medicines.The government has Rs 200 crore budget to buy medicines this year. However, the problem is that doctors are asking patients to buy medicines from outside while the stocks in hospitals are lying unused for long and getting destroyed after the expiry dates, he said.Acharya asked the CDMOs to remain vigilant to avoid malaria , diarrhoea and other common monsoon in their respective districts. He also asked them to fill up vacant paramedical posts at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15011035", "title": "Contractor's death triggers bribery probe in Akola Municipal Corporation", "text": "AKOLA: There was tension for some hours at Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) on Sunday when the body of contractor Fulchand Gupta (48) was brought there to protest against demands for bribes by an accounts officer. Even as the official refuted such allegations, municipal commissioner Deepak Chaudhri has assured an inquiry and deputy commissioner Dr Utkarsha Gute has sealed the official's chamber.The contractor died of a heart attack on Saturday night. Relatives said that he had been very upset over the last few days over a demand for 20% commission by chief accounts and audit officer (CAAO) Gopinath Bainwad for clearing work bills.The body was removed from the AMC premises after inspector Vilas Patil of City Kotwali police station assured that offences will be registered against Bainwad.Gupta was a plumbing contractor involved in repairing of water pipes and related works. He was a resident of Kailash Tekdi and needed money to construct his own house. On July 12, Bainwad allegedly refused to pass his bills, leaving Gupta frustrated. He suffered a heart attack on July 14 and died during treatment. Gupta's relatives alleged that the contractor died in frustration and Bainwad is responsible for his death.Mayor Jyotsna Gawai, deputy mayor Rafiq Siddique, opposition leader Harish Alimchandani and others rushed to AMC to pacify the agitating mob which sat beside the body.Municipal commissioner Deepak Chaudhri and Bainwad were in Mumbai, therefore deputy commissioner Dr Utkarsha Gute rushed to AMC to convince the mob.Later, Bainwad said that the contractor's death is most unfortunate, but refuted all allegations against him and described them as political charges. He claimed that Gupta had never approached him for passing the bills. However, Bainwad said that he recently refused to pass some bogus bills for work that was not done.Chairman of the standing committee Vijay Agrawal described the event as unfortunate, but said Gupta's family should come out and file a complaint about their allegations.Gupta's brother Shivcharan has lodged a complaint with City Kotwali police, alleging that Bainwad's demands led to Gupta's death. Vilas Patil said that action will be taken after receipt of post mortem report and other related documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15012786", "title": "Now, Bihar hopeful of coal linkage: CM", "text": "PATNA: Following Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's assurance to look into the matter, Bihar is hopeful of getting coal linkage for the proposed two units of 250MW each as part of expansion plan of the Barauni thermal power plant.The PM gave the assurance to chief minister Nitish Kumar when the latter told Singh that the ministry of coal had rejected Bihar's plea and given a factually incorrect report. \"I spoke to the PM on June 30 and later on, the PM phoned me to assure that the issue will be looked into again,\" the CM said here on Monday.The Planning Commission has called a meeting of the state energy ministers in New Delhi on Tuesday, said energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav and added that after a long time such a meeting has been convened to discuss the energy sector, which was a positive step. He said the plan panel had sent an approach paper and the state has forwarded its comments. \"We are hopeful of getting coal linkage,\" said the minister, who will attend the meeting.Yadav said by 2015-16, Bihar would no longer depend only on central allocation of power. The state would get 330MW from the first unit of 660MW of phase II of Barh super thermal power station by May next, the minister said. Thereafter, after every six months, more power would be allocated to the state from various sources, including Nabinagar thermal power station of 390MW from two units of Kanti thermal power station in Muzaffarpur.\"To explore the potential of hydro power generation on a large scale from the north Bihar rivers, we got survey done of the Mahananda, Kosi, Gandak and Bagmati rivers. We have got the feasibility report and soon a policy will be announced,\" Yadav said and added that at least 400MW hydro power could be generated.He said, \"The NHPC and some private companies have shown interest in our proposed hydroelectric projects. We will prepare our action plan to decide whom to involve in these projects.\" There is no major hydroelectric project in the state.Yadav said he would raise the matter of denial of coal linkage by the ministry of coal for the state government's Barauni thermal power station's expansion project. It may be recalled that an all-party delegation had met the PM to press this demand in April last. The Union power ministry had also recommended to the ministry of coal to provide coal linkage in view of the grim power situation in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011809", "title": "Akhilesh asks partymen to gear up for 2014 legislative council poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party state president Akhilesh Yadav has asked senior party office bearers including MPs, MLAs and district presidents to evaluate and recommend names of candidates for election to 11 seats of legislative council due in May 2014. Yadav in a communique sent to these party functionaries said that the application of the candidates be sent to the party office by July 25. The final nod to the candidature will be given by the state parliamentary board, which is scheduled to meet on July 31. Of the 11, six are from the teachers, while five are from graduate quota. The term of existing legislators expires on May 2014.SP spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said that the party has issued directions to party functionaries to start preparing for the legislative council polls. He said that the applying candidates will be required to mention their qualification, talent and resourcefulness. \"The party will gain strength in the legislative council if the candidates get elected,\" Chaudhary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010435", "title": "Neighbour booked for sodomizing girl", "text": "NEW DELHI: A five-year-old girl was sexually assaulted by her neighbour in Narela in northwest Delhi, said cops. The victim was allegedly sodomized by a boy known to her. The incident took place on Saturday when the girl was alone at home. When the family members returned, they found the girl crying.They took her to hospital for a medical test. They informed cops, who apprehended the accused. A case of sodomy was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15011644", "title": "Gods were on my side: Jeev Milkha Singh", "text": "MUMBAI: It took four years and 37 days and 95 events since the Bank Austria Golf Open in 2008, for ace golfer Jeev Milkha Singh to clinch a title on European soil which he did after winning the Scottish Open on Sunday.The omens were good though as he was joint leader in the opening round of the Irish Open two weeks ago.The Chandigarh pro had not played in the British Open since his disappointing display at Carnoustie in 2007. But his win at Castle Stuart ensured his second appearance in the event, beginning Thursday. A meltdown by local hope Marc Warren , couple of missed putts by Italian Francesco Molinari and the Indian, who was packing his bags, was taken by surprise. Lady luck had shined upon him, and the European Tour officials hinted that he should get ready for the playoff.\"I was sipping a cup of tea and eating a chocolate cake when officials knocked on my door and told me to watch television. Just a while earlier I had asked my caddie to wrap things up for the upcoming flight out of Aberdeen and then I see this -- I am tied for the lead with Molinari,\" an excited Jeev told TOI from London . \"It couldn't have been better than this. Sheer perfect timing. I never thought I would be in the playoff and would easily hole that birdie,\" he added.The 40-year-old's triumph on Sunday was more special as he fired the joint lowest total of five-under par in windy conditions that blew away chances of a good finish for World No.1 Luke Donald of England and four-time Major champion Phil Mickelson , both finished tied 16th.\"The conditions were very challenging as a strong westerly was blowing across the course. My strategy was to shoot as flat as possible to avoid falling prey to the wind, and that worked. Even my putting was as per my liking. The golfing gods were on my side,\" the five-time Asian Tour champion said.Jeev, who is paired with Spain's Alejandro Canizares and Greg Chalmers of Australia for the first round, said he was looking forward to a good finish in the oldest Major. \"I am very high on confidence and will give my best. The field is full of big names and that does add to pressure, but I will play the way I did last week, be patient and do what I have been doing. Will go for a practice round tomorrow and plan my strategy accordingly,\" said Jeev, who jumped 105 places to World No.87 with the win.Stiffness and recurrence of lower back pain had caused hindrances to Jeev's career, but his body seems to be holding up fine. \"My body is responding well even in colder conditions. When your body is in shape, your confidence shoots up. Fitness is strength. Injuries just eat up your morale,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15009826", "title": "BSF recovers banned medicines, Indian and Bangladeshi currencies", "text": "AGARTALA: The Border Security Force (BSF), customs and Tripura police recovered a big consignment of banned medicines and a huge amount of Indian and Bangladeshi currencies from Gandhigram, on the outskirts Agartala in a midnight operation.BSF spokesperson B S Rawat on Monday said acting on an intelligence input, the joint enforcement team stormed the house of one Nirmal Shil (40) of Gandhigram and recovered 289 bottles of Phensedyl and 160 bottles of Recodex worth Rs 62,000.During the search, they also seized Indian currency of Rs 59,60,000 and Bangladeshi currency of Rs 2,39,200 Taka from Shil's house, Rawat said.He said the medicines were stored in the house for smuggling to Bangladesh. Shil's house had become the trade centre of illegal business, he said. However, the accused is absconding.BSF had launched an operation against smuggling at the beginning of the year and so far they have seized Phyansidyl worth crore of rupees and an equal amount of illegal and fake currencies from various parts of the state.Meanwhile, police has intensified its operation against National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT) as it has been reported that the outfit is reorganizing its outfit ahead of assembly poll to be held early next year.Referring to the statement of the surrendered NLFT commander Barnajay Tripura (32), police said the outfit was collecting large sums of money for purchasing arms and ammunition from other militant groups of the region and conducting a recruitment drive .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014266", "title": "Nagarjuna\u2019s family visiting Shirdi on July 26", "text": "The final day shoot of King Akkineni Nagarjuna-starrer \"Shirdi Sai\" will be canned in Shirdi, Maharashtra. Director K Raghavendra Rao will shoot scenes on Nagarjuna for a day (July 26) at the famous Shirdi temple. The actor will be accompanied by his wife Amala and sons Naga Chaitanya and Akhil and a special train has been booked to carry the entire unit to Shirdi on July 25.Production sources say that the film has come out very well and MM Keeravani's tunes have all the makings of yet another musical hit like Annamayya and Sriramadasu. Shirdi Sai audio launch is scheduled on July 30 while the film's release is expected on September 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15012232", "title": "Bharti makes Varanasi epicentre of \u2018Save Ganga Campaign\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: Senior BJP leader Uma Bharti has set a series of programmes to intensify her save Ganga campaign. She has also made the holy city Varanasi epicentre of her movement. Besides, she has also planned to give Ganga-jal (water of Ganga) brought from Gangotri to MPs belonging to all political parties, requesting their support for the enactment of a law in Parliament, declaring the holi river as the national heritage.\"With the promise of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh that Dhari Devi shrine in Uttarakhand would be protected and allowed to be submerged, we got the first success in our campaign to save the holy Ganga,\" Bharti said while talking to reporters here on Monday. \"I am here to offer prayer to Bhagwan Vishwanath for success,\" she said.She said that a delegation of BJP led by L K Advani and party chief Nitin Gadkari called on the PM recently, seeking his intervention in saving the ancient Dhari Devi, which was facing threat of submergence in the Srinagar Dam.\"We are happy that the PM took the matter seriously and assured that the shrine would be protected,\" she said, adding that the holy shrine was visited by devotees visiting Badrinath, Kedarnath and Hemkund.\"After getting initial success in the matter of Dhari Devi shrine, we are working on three points. These are: holding a scientific seminar in Delhi, carrying out Ganga Yatra from Ganga Sagar to Gangotri and forming human wall along the Ganga,\" announced Bharti. According to her, the seminar at international level will be held any time between October 21 and November 10, after the finalization of the venue. Environmental scientists and national and international experts will take part in the seminar to discuss the issue like quality of Ganga water, impact of hydro-electric projects and minimum ecological flow of Ganga.Bharati said that Ganga Yatra, starting from Ganga Sagar to Gangotri, would be conducted from September 20 to October 28. \"The seminar would focus on uninterrupted flow of Ganga and the yatra will highlight the problem of increasing pollution in the river,\" she said. The third programme would be forming a human wall by masses all along the river. The main objective of forming human wall is to motivate the masses to send petitions to the PM, requesting to give constitutional status to the national river by enacting law in the Parliament, she said. \"In efforts for saving the Ganga, we need the leadership of saints, participation of people and support of the governments,\" she said.She denied that her campaign was motivated by any political ambition.\"It is above politics and we need support of all political parties in saving the Ganga. I am sure that no political party is against the protection of the holy river,\" Bharti said, adding that she arranged the water of Ganga brought from Gangotri for distribution among the MPs.\"Unfortunately my campaign to protect Dhari Devi shrine was misinterpreted in Uttarakhand that I was against the development of the state. I met people and succeeded in convincing them that the campaign is not against the hydropower projects but it aims at saving the river,\" she said, adding that it was possible to build the dam without harming the shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011408", "title": "SC notice to Centre on medical help for Bihar conjoined twins", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday sought assistance from the Attorney General for India and issued notice to Bihar government on a PIL narrating the pitiable condition of teenaged twins Saba and Farah, who were born joined in their head and now enduring excruciating pain unable to afford medical help because of impoverished parents.A bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra sought assistance of the AG, G E Vahanvati, after a PIL by law student Aarushi Dhasmana quoted a newspaper report to say that the impoverished parents have appealed for mercy killing since they are unable to afford expensive medical intervention needed to separate the twins.Dhasmana's counsel Ravi P Gupta said for the last four months the twins were bedridden and many times rendered unconscious by the intense pain and appealed to the court to direct both Union and state governments to render all assistance in preserving the life of the twins.Invoking the apex court's earlier judgements that mandated the state to ensure that right to life was no animal existence and came with all coupled facilities and dignity, the law student said the case needed attention of experts as Farah has two kidneys while Saba has none. \"But, this should not deter the state from applying surgical procedure to separate the twins, as this could enable one of them to lead a healthy life,\" she said.\"State is bound to protect Farah's right to life even if it leads to death of Saba. Farah is not duty bound to allow her kidney to be used by Saba, especially under the circumstances when her own life is in danger,\" the petitioner added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15014450", "title": "Silicon Valley's Y Combinator to mentor Indian startups TapToLearn &amp; Plivo", "text": "BANGALORE: Two more fledgling Indian startups have made it to the incubation programme at Y Combinator, a Silicon Valley seed fund.Three-year-old June Software, which operates under the brand name TapToLearn, and oneyear-old Plivo are among the three Indian start-ups handpicked by the incubator, which is regarded as one of the world's foremost mentors for technology start-ups. To be picked by Y Combinator means an almost certain path to success for young companies. Sup in 2005, it has backed over 460 start-ups, including Dropbox , Scribd and Airbnb , a hospitality services company.TapToLearn, which develops educational applications for touch-screen devices, passed out of the program earlier this year while Plivo, a cloud telephony venture, is part of the current session. Last year, Interview Street - a Bangalore-based startup that helps simplify entry level recruitment for large corporations, including Facebook and Microsoft - became the first Indian company to make it to the rigorous three-month program. The chosen ones get an average seed funding of $20,000 - for which they cede 2% to 10% stake - and intense mentoring from some of the world's leading technology investors. They also get access to a network of mentors, investors and peers in the Valley and beyond.Start-ups at Y Combinator also receive $150,000 in the form of convertible debt from Ron Conway , Andreessen Horowitz and Silicon Valley investor Yuri Milner , whose fund DST Global has invested in Facebook, Zynga and Groupon. This is transferred to equity when the start-up raises first round of formal capital.TapToLearn has also received undisclosed funding from noted angels such as Hollywood talent agent Ari Emanuel, hedge fund manager Jim Pallotta and early stage ventures like Shasta Ventures, ENIAC Ventures and Khosla Ventures . The start-up also received funding from the founders of gaming venture BackFlip Studios.\"The number of users has grown enormously post our incubation, from 150,000 users earlier to over 1.5 million currently,\" says Roby John, co-founder of TapToLearn, which has an advertisement led revenue model. It got picked up for the Y Combinator program when John showcased the company's product at a US-based technology event. Earlier this year, Interview Street was chosen by the Obama administration to work on a technology project related to the Equal Pay initiative championed by the President.\"Technology products from India have arrived on the global market place,\" says S Sadagopan, Director, IIIT-Bangalore. \"Cloud and internet are great levellers and startups are able to make use of these to acquire customers anywhere in the world.\"\"In the Valley, investors look at startups that are looking global,\" says Sameer Guglani, co-founder of The Morpheus, an India-based incubator that is modelled on Y Combinator. \"But most investors in India fund companies that are solely focused on the Indian market and that is quite limiting.\"Plivo's co-founder Venkatesh B also received assistance from Y Combinator to reach out to large clients. \"We applied for Y Combinator to get their feedback on the product we had built and never thought we would get accepted,\" says Venkatesh, who has worked in the Indian telecom sector for around seven years.Plivo has around 12 clients who have built applications ranging from cloud-based video conferencing to remote call centres on the start-up's platform. \"We have been profitable right from the start,\" says Venkatesh. TapTo-Learn's John says the start-up will be profitable this year. \"We are targeting $1 million in revenue next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15012779", "title": "Here's the proof: Women more intelligent than men", "text": "LONDON: Women now have a higher IQ than men, a new study has revealed . For the first time in IQ testing , psychologists have found that female scores have risen above those of men. Since IQ testing began a century ago, women have been as much as five points behind, leading psychologists to suggest embedded genetic differences.But that gap has been narrowing in recent years and this year women have moved ahead, according to James Flynn, a world-renowned authority on IQ tests.\"In the last 100 years the IQ scores of both men and women have risen but women's have risen faster ,\" the Daily Mail quoted Flynn as saying. \"This is a consequence of modernity. The complexity of the modern world is making our brains adapt and raising our IQ,\" he said.One possible explanation for this change is that women's lives have now become more demanding as they multitask between raising a family and doing a job. Another reason could be that women have a slightly higher potential intelligence than men but are realizing it only now. Flynn, who will publish his findings in a book, said more data was needed to explain the trend.\"The full effect of modernity on women is only just emerging,\" he said. He collated IQ examination results from countries in Western Europe and from the United States, Canada, New Zealand, Argentina and Estonia. It showed that in westernised countries the gap in scores between men and women had become minimal. Since the data for making exact comparisons was sparser it could be carried out for only a handful of countries.It included Australia, where male and female IQs were found to be almost identical. In New Zealand , Estonia and Argentina, women scored marginally more than men. \"As the world gets more complex, and living in it demands more abstract thought, so people are adapting,\" Flynn said. \"I suspect that the same trends are happening in Britain, too, although the data is too sparse to be sure,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011200", "title": "Bring back black money to help economy, not FDI: Baba Ramdev", "text": "NAGPUR: Yoga guru-turned-social activist Baba Ramdev believes that the country's sagging economy would not need any foreign direct investment (FDI) if black money deposited in foreign banks is brought back. Ramdev was in the city on Monday as part of a countrywide tour to gather support for his agitation starting on August 9 in the capital.\"Our agitation is for bringing back black money stashed abroad, for having a strong Lokpal bill and also to help people at large develop a strong character that is needed for an overall change in the system. US President Barack Obama has been advocating FDI in India but our economic condition is certainly not his business. FDI will only help American companies and sadly even our prime minister sometimes speaks like a CEO of such companies,\" said Ramdev.The August agitation will be led by Ramdev's organization Bharat Swabhiman and will be supported fully by Team Anna as well. Reminded of the fiasco after his last agitation, Ramdev said, \"I am sure something will happen this time too, but now we are prepared. I cannot share with you the details about our preparation as it will defeat the entire purpose. The agitation will start on August 9 and we have not decided the ending date for it.\"After arriving in Nagpur on Monday the yoga guru visited Deekshabhoomi and later headed for a meeting with his organizations' members. \"I met with members from 18 districts of Maharashtra today and shared with them our plans and took feedback as well. Members of India Against Corruption and other organizations too joined us and we have been guaranteed support of a lakh people from the state for the agitation,\" Ramdev added.He will meet with the remaining district members of his organization on Tuesday at Pune, where a special meeting with Gandhian Anna Hazare too is scheduled. In their last agitation together there were reports of friction between Arvind Kejriwal and Ramdev. \"I am grateful to Anna for lending his support to the agitation and I can assure you that there is no conflict between us and any member of his team. Kejriwal does not harbour any resentment, in fact, we are looking forward to working together,\" said Ramdev.The guru refused to comment on whether or not he will contest the 2014 general elections, saying future strategy will be decided once the August agitation starts. \"It is for the people to decide what role Bharat Swabhiman will play and I am sure they will certainly give us good feedback during the agitation,\" said Ramdev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15011536", "title": "Freebies will cost state dearly: Pratapsingh Rane", "text": "PANAJI: Leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane said that the 2012-13 budget presented by chief minister Manohar Parrikar hinges on unrealistic revenue projection and on an overtly optimistic growth rate of 12%.Taking part in a general discussion on budget, Rane said that reckless budget proposals have destroyed people's faith in the government.While pointing out that the GDP debt ratio has declined from 32% in 2008 to 31% in 2011, Rane said, \"However, this is likely to go up.\"Stating said that in 2011-12 the government spending was Rs 5,095 crore, he said the Rs 6,133 crore projected for 2012-13 is an unrealistic assumption in growth of 20%. \"This is nothing but financial jugglery,\" said Rane.He also questioned the government on whether the state's tax revenue will increase by 28% as against the all-India coverage of 17%. \"The state's non tax revenue will increase by 23% as against 4.8% of national average,\" Rane questioned government.Rane also said that the fiscal deficit for 2012-2013 will be higher by nearly 40% as compared to 2011-12. \"In 2010-2011, the fiscal deficit was Rs 485 crore, in 2011-2012 it was Rs 548 crore, but for 2012-13 it is projected as Rs 755 crore. Does the government intend to borrow Rs 700 crore from the market?\" he questioned.The leader of the opposition said that the freebies offered by the Parrikar government will cost the state exchequer dearly in the wake of global slowdown faced by developing countries.He also said that government should not reduce the budget allotment for technical education, and should instead technical education in the state. \"The budget allotment for technical education has been reduced by 15%. We have to concentrate on technical education rather than giving out dole to the unemployed youths,\" said Rane.The Poriem MLA said that he wanted to know why the government had hurriedly paid the electricity dues to private companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15012665", "title": "Boot polish: Deputy attorney general says he\u2019s not defaming Pak", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan deputy attorney general Muhammad Khurshid Khan on Monday rubbished claims that he was defaming his country by polishing shoes of devotees at temples and gurdwaras. Earlier, the Pakistan supreme court bar association had issued him a showcause notice, asking Khan to explain why action should not be taken against him for \"defaming\" the nation by polishing shoes while performing voluntary service at places of worship in India.Speaking to TOI, Khan said he has not received the notice yet. \"Why are they issuing notice when I have been performing sewa for about three years? It is part of a political conspiracy to malign me,\" Khan said.\"It is a price I am paying for not cooperating with a Pakistan federal minister who is fighting a case in Peshawar HC after converting a public park into a restaurant?\" he asked. A few days ago, the minister's son had threatened him, Khan said.In March, TOI had reported about Khan performing sewa (polishing shoes) at Gurudwara Rakab Ganj and Gurudwara Sis Ganj in Delhi. He also visited the Birla Temple and Hanuman Mandir in the national Capital. Khan began sewa outside Hindu temples and Sikh gurdwaras in 2010 to \"heal the wounds of minorities in Pakistan\" .In February, 2010, the Taliban kidnapped three Sikhs from Peshawar and demanded $235,000 ransom. Pakistan army rescued two Sikhs but one of them, Jaspal Singh was beheaded by the Taliban. \"What defames Pakistan \u2014 the alleged 26/11 carnage in Mumbai where a Pakistani Ajmal Kasab was caught or a Pakistani performing seva at gurudwaras and temples?\" asked Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15015020", "title": "National Medical College reeling under power cut", "text": "KOLKATA: National Medical College and Hospital has been reeling under a power cut since midnight. Power supply has resumed in some portions of this state hospital but many departments are still working without power, causing severe problems to patients.In the Emergency ward, doctors were seen checking patients in candlelight. A large number of patients who had come for admission had to be turned back since doctors had immense problems managing the already admitted patients. Doctors and interns complained that the lack of power was causing immense problems for patients whose conditions were described to be serious.CESC supplies power to this hospital and engineers came to check the situation around 2 am. However several problems were detected and the power supply could not be restored to the entire hospital though engineers worked overnight at the underground cables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15011113", "title": "Two vehicle lifters nabbed in Gondia", "text": "GONDIA: Ramnagar Police nabbed two vehicles lifters on Sunday. During interrogation the duo admitted to have stolen 150 two-wheelers in last two and half years from various parts of Gondia district. The arrested persons are Ravindra Munishwar of Sindhi Tola Kamtha and Ganesh Padole of Ramnagar.Police said that Munishwar had stolen the bike of Mohanlal Mankar on Thursday. It was parked in front of Dr Ratnaparkhi's Hospital in New Laxminagar. During patrolling on the outskirts of Gondia on Thursday night, Ram Nagar police came across a youth riding a motorcycle in suspicious manner. They immediately rounded him up. He confessed to have lifted the vehicle from the New Laxminagar. He also gave the whereabouts of his accomplice Ganesh, who was arrested on Sunday. Another motorcycle (MH-35-Q-8105) was recovered from him. They had stolen the bike from Manohar Chowk in last Diwali.During interrogation they duo said that have stolen 150 two-wheelers till date. They used to dismantle the vehicles and sell those are dirt cheap rates. PI Ravindra Shelke is investigating in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014501", "title": "British news icon\u2019s Indian TV debut", "text": "Award winning British television journalist, Tim Sebastian is all set to make his small screen debut in India. Tim, best known for BBC's HARDtalk and his powerful interviewing and debating style, will play moderator for a political and social issue based talk show aptly titled The Outsider.\"I think anyone dealing with social and political issues in India, is bound to find it different from anywhere else in the world. This is the largest democracy in the world - full of miracles, misfortunes and contradictions. Few in the West seem to understand how it works - which is why I came here,\" Tim told us.Tim revealed he has always wanted to take up the challenge of 'understanding India better'. \"I wanted to listen to the voices of the people - especially young people - and to see if we can encourage cutting-edge political debate,\" he added.And considering, the famous journalist has \"No bias, no political background and no favours to pay back\", he was the best choice for the show to be produced by a new production house SOBO - a joint venture of Kuki Gulati and Union Power Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde's daughter Smriti.When contacted, Gulati told us, \"We have been importing show concepts for the Indian television. With SOBO, we wanted to do things differently. We were a big fan of Tim's interviewing style. And he was really interested in India - the second fastest growing economy in the world.\"Explaining the concept for the show, Gulati added, \"Students will be flown in from various parts of the country as the audience. A socially relevant topic will be discussed on each episode. Panellists will be invited depending on the topic. And Tim will be the moderator of the debate.\"Resul Pookutty has been roped in to engineer the sound. \"The first show will be aired across Europe, Asia and Africa. We start filming on July 20,\" revealed Gulati and added, \"I will ask Tim to write me a Bollywood script. After all he is going to be here for a month.\"When asked about his role in the project, Tim said, \"We have a team of researchers and an executive producer who make an initial choice of material, related to the topics. Then I make my own. We also contact experts to try and seek a range of different views.\"He revealed that his hotel room is now full of books and articles on the subcontinent. \"I meet as many people as I can to extract insights, relevant question areas, facts and figures. Every show I've done has been research intensive. What you put into the preparation decides what you eventually get out. Long hours of work - but there are no shortcuts if you want to get results,\" Tim added.Excited about her television venture, Smriti added, \"It is time for a fair debate without criticising anyone. And Tim is going to be an excellent moderator.\" Tim will shoot for a month. He will again come back next month to complete the 13-episode series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15011077", "title": "Student electrocuted", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A teenage student of Zilla Parishad middle school in Wahangaon in Chimur tehsil died of electrocution on Monday afternoon. Deceased Sagar Patil (13) accidentally touched a live wire and died of electric shock on the spot. Sources claimed that some construction work is underway on the school premises. Contractor had installed an electric pump on the school well for watering purpose. Sagar had gone to the well for some reason during lunch break. He accidentally touched the live wire attached to the motor pump and died of electrocution on the spot. Chimur police has registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "15012677", "title": "Tomatoes, shoes, Monica jibe greet Hillary in Egypt", "text": "CAIRO: Tomatoes and shoes were thrown at US secretary of state Hillary Clinton's motorcade by Egyptian protesters who shouted, \"Monica, Monica, Monica\" as she left the newly reopened American consulate in Alexandria.The protesters threw the tomatoes, shoes and a water bottle as the staff walked to their vans after the ceremony and riot police had to hold back the crowd. A tomato hit an Egyptian official in the face. Hillary's van was around the corner from the protesters, and a senior state department official said her car was not hit, CNN reported.The chants of \"Monica\" refer to Monica Lewinsky , the White House intern who had an affair with Hillary's husband, former president Bill Clinton . The assault on her motorcade came on a day Clinton spoke at the newly re-opened US consulate in Alexandria, addressing accusations the US of backing one faction or another in Egypt following his ouster last year.Hillary said she was in the city to answer critics who believe Washington has taken sides in Egyptian politics. There were already vocal protesters at the start of her visit to the consulate, forcing the ceremony to be moved inside. \"I want to be clear that the United States is not in the business, in Egypt, of choosing winners and losers, even if we could, which, of course, we cannot,\" she said at the ceremony to reopen the consulate, which was closed in 1993 because of budget constraints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15011304", "title": "Blue road signboards give way to red ones", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority is replacing the current road direction and traffic signboards with florescent indicators and is introducing uniform overhead gantries. Though Authority officials told TOI that the configuration, size and location of all signs will be in accordance with the IRC code for road signs, they refused to comment on the colour of the new boards even as 'red' signboards have already started appearing in a few locations across the city. Residents are speculating that this move might be political.Starting July 1, the colour of traffic cops' uniform in Gautam Budh Nagar was changed from blue to khaki trousers and cap. In April 2008, former UP chief minister, Mayawati , had changed the colour of the uniforms from white to blue trousers. She had been criticized for her decision because blue is the colour of her party, the BSP.Authority officials claimed that the move to replace the existing gantries \u2014 direction boards which are blue in colour \u2014 comes in the wake of a recent incident when a gantry in Sector 62 fell after heavy rains on July 8. \"The present overhead boards are in a bad condition due to lack of proper maintenance. They were put up on Build Operate and Transfer (BOT) basis, but the agencies responsible for their upkeep have not maintained them,\" said AK Goel, chief maintenance engineer (civil).Starting Sunday, all the 10 work circles of the Authority have been directed by CEO Sanjiv Saran to pull down nearly 75 gantries located across Noida within 7 days. Till Monday, 20% of the blue boards had already been taken down. \"We will invite tenders for replacement of the boards within the next 2-3 days,\" Goel said.The boards will be replaced in two phases. \"In the first phase, we are replacing only major signboards along the main roads of Noida, while signboards along internal roads will be replaced in the next phase,\" Goel said.Officials refused to comment on the budget for the new signboards. The boards will be retro-reflective and made of strong and durable material supported by a pipe of 3mm thickness with a 10 inch diameter. The old one was only 1.5mm thick and with a 1.5 inch diameter. \"It will be weather-resistant and will not have space for advertisers. It will have a life-span of nearly 20 years,\" said an official.When asked about the inconvenience caused to commuters due to lack of direction boards till they are replaced, Authority officials said that most new cars come equipped with GPRS and motorists should not face any difficulty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "deoghar", "code": "15012835", "title": "Here Lord Shiva 'ordains' freedom for innocents...", "text": "DEOGHAR: At the divisional jail at Deoghar, known worldwide for the Baidyanath Dham shrine, Lord Shiva is said to ordain the release of prisoners. Or so is the belief that is fuelled by the fact - or rather coincidence - that \"hundreds of inmates\" who prepared the crown of flowers to decorate the Jyotirlingam at the shrine, some 800m away, during the Shrawan in the past, were acquitted of the charges for which they had been incarcerated.In fact, the jail has been supplying the 2ft flower crown, trident, flag, 'damru' and special garlands for the late-evening 'shringar', or decoration, of the deity since the colonial days. The grapevine has it, according to Deoghar SP Subodh Kumar, that there was a king who did not have issues. He prayed to Lord Shiva to bless him with a son and, as part of a thanksgiving exercise, he would make arrangements for the preparation of His 'shringar' materials by the inmates of the prison during the month of Shrawan every year.However, priest Gulab Bhagat has a different tale to tell this reporter. According to him, there was an English jailer whose son went missing during the month of Shrawan in 1910s. As he started crying fearing the worst, the jail inmates told him to worship Lord Shiva and his son would return safely. He immediately ordered his cops and the prisoners to make arrangements for the 'puja' of the Jyotirlingam, and his son returned a few days later. Overwhelmed, he wrote in the prison's rule book that the inmates of the jail would prepare the material for the evening 'puja' at the shrine during the month.The jail inmates, including few Muslims, are so passionate about the \"ritual\" that many of them even observe fast till the preparations go on every day. According to jailer Arjun Prasad Sahu, the jail itself turns into a shrine of sorts during the month. \"The preparations take around eight hours during which the inmates sing devotional songs,\" Sahu said.\"Almost all the inmates who prepared the crown of flowers for Bhole Nath last year have been acquitted by courts,\" claimed Kartik Pandey, the priest of the temple inside the jail. Those acquitted, recalled prisoner Dhananjay Yadav, would often say that they had been made scapegoats and police had not heeded their pleas. \"But Bhole Baba heeded their prayers,\" he added.However, Santosh Mahto, 40, who is lodged in the jail in connection with a dowry case, is not that ambitious. \"I pray for the well-being of my children who are alone at home,\" he told TOI.Altogether 450 inmates are currently lodged in the Deoghar jail. And it is the duty of the wardens to collect flowers from across the town for them to prepare the special garlands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15009903", "title": "Media houses to stay shut to protest scribe attack", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Press Club (APC) and the Arunachal Pradesh Union of Working Journalists on Monday (APUWJ) held a discussion on the brutal attack at Arunachal Times associate editor, resolving to shut down all media houses on Tuesday in protest. It also decided to boycott all news and advertisements of the state government for 15 days, which will be reviewed if the culprit is arrested within the period.The organizations demanded that the state government book the attacker under non-bailable section within seven days and the case be fast-tracked through a special court to award exemplary punishment to the culprit. The organizations said that the case should otherwise be handed over to the CBI.Mediapersons in the state vociferously objected to unabated attacks on the media, saying that no action is taken by law-enforcing agencies and the court against such attacks. They said the attack on journalist Tongam Rina was possible due to the lawlessness in the state capital.The meeting of APC and APUWJ construed the attack on Rina as an attack on the entire press fraternity. They demanded that all the pending cases relating to attacks on media and mediapersons should be re-opened and handed over to an IPS-ranked officer to charge-sheet all the cases on a time-bound manner. They demanded that the cases should also be forwarded to first class magistrate, as announced by the government on April 15 last, to specifically dispose such cases within three months.The members also resolved to send a delegation to New Delhi and Guwahati to stage protest and highlight the repeated atrocities being committed on the press fraternity while the government remains a silent spectator giving only lip service.\"The management of all media houses should provide security within three days in the press establishment for the security of the working staff and hi-definition CCTV cameras should be installed forthwith for security reasons,\" the meeting resolved.The bodies also demanded that managements and publishers stand behind the cause of the media fraternity. However, if any journalist is victimized, all the journalist of that mediahouse will resign en-masse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15012266", "title": "Renovation in Sampurnanad Sanskrit University left in lurch", "text": "VARANASI: Despite the released fund and decided agency to renovate the main academic building of Sampurnanad Sanskrit University (SSU), the plight of this over one and a half century old Gothic style architecture of the building, is that another lecture hall inside it collapsed during this rainy season.A university, which has its affiliation in 650 colleges across the country is unable to keep its historical main building in proper condition. While a lecture hall of the building collapsed a few days ago, the building has crumbled to such an extent that people including university administration fear going inside the building. The already fallen roof and damaged windows have become home to several pigeons and other birds.It is noteworthy that, in October 2011 the state government had sanctioned a budget of Rs 755.79 lakh for the renovation, repair and conservation of the incomparable architecture of the building. However, the renovation and repair inside and outside of the building has not yet started.University engineer, RB Singh said, \"Government decided that Construction and Design Services (C&DS;), Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam under the supervision of Archealogical Survey of India (ASI) would finish the entire work in two years time. However the first installment of Rs 1,51,16,000 was not transferred to C&DS; in the financial year 2011-2012 and the money went back to the government\".According to vice-chancellor, SSU, Prof BP Mishra, the fund could not be utilised because there were no clear rules, terms and conditions described and elaborated by the government on how to spend the money.\"After releasing the fund, government asked us to transfer the fund to C&amp;DS.; In the government order (GO) there was no description about who will pay the taxes, C&DS; or university, the technical sanction for the work could not be received by the university engineer. Meanwhile ASI also refused to supervise the work\", he said.According to Mishra, due to unclear rules and terms and conditions in the agreement, crores of rupees have been wasted in the name of the building since past few years. Interestingly, four days ago, the state government sent a letter to the university to know the reason of not starting the work. According to Mishra, a letter in reply is being prepared in, which detailed rules on spending the money will be asked for. \"If the government wishes to renovate the building directly, they can do it, but if university is the medium between them and agency, proper rules about spending the money will have to be followed\", he informed.According to Kailash Shukla, engineer, C&DS;, the detailed project report (DPR) has mentioned repairing the leaking roof, rebuilt the fallen roof, repair windows, doors, changing the wiring and restructure red stone floor, changing the old sandstones outside of the building with new ones.The ASI has refused to supervise the work, and it is expected that work will begin under the supervision of state archeological department, Uttar Pradesh.It is noteworthy that, the building was established by Major Markhan Kittoe in 1852 in memory of Sri Jonathan Duncan who established Government Sanskrit College in the city in 1791. It is believed that it is one of the very few Gothic style architectures in the country. The inside walls of the main hall of the building has inscriptions in Sanskrit, Persian, English and many Islamic languages as well, which are now indecipherable.The building was home to many treasures including Veda, Vedanta, Purana, Ayurveda , Sahitya, Astrology, Theology, Mimamsa, Nyaya etc. The college was conducted with the surplus revenue of Benares State, which was first deposited in a special account and later remitted to the general head of education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011022", "title": "Supreme Court notice to acquitted accused in Bathani Tola massacre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notices to 23 accused seeking their response to a Bihar government's petition challenging a Patna High Court's judgement acquitting them in the 1996 Bathani Tola massacre of dalits by members of upper caste landlord militia, Ranbir Sena.An Ara trial court in 2010 had convicted all 23 and sentenced three to death while awarding life sentence to other 20 for the massacre of 21 landless poor, most of whom were women, children and infants. But on April 16 this year, the HC overturned their conviction and acquitted all the accused.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar, though entertained the Nitish Kumar government's appeal against the HC order, but did not accept senior advocate Ranjit Kumar's plea for issuance of bailable arrest warrants against the accused for taking them into custody during the pendency of the appeal.On July 11, 1996, 21 landless poor were slaughtered in broad daylight at Bathani Tola, a dalit hamlet in Bhojpur district, by the Ranvir Sena. All the victims were from oppressed castes and minorities.The acquittal of all the accused had sparked a huge uproar and over 300 intellectuals, including Noam Chomsky, Tariq Ali and Jean Dreze, had sent a memorandum to the Chief Justice of India demanding justice to the victims and survivors of Bathani Tola massacre.\"The fact that, 16 years after this massacre, not a single person stands convicted for the brutal and barbaric slaughter of innocents, raises disturbing questions about whether the oppressed and the poor victims of massacres can expect justice in our courts,\" the memorandum had said.The memo said the Ranvir Sena was banned after the Bathani Tola massacre, but in spite of the ban, it continued to operate openly and committed more such crimes in central Bihar, including Laxmanpur-Bathe massacre in December, 1998, in which 61 dalit landless poor were killed.The Bihar government's Special Leave Petition, filed through advocate Abhinav Mukherji, termed the HC judgement to be contrary to the records of the case and said the trial court had in a well reasoned and detailed order had taken into account the evidence and convicted the accused.It said the HC failed to give importance to the testimony of injured witnesses, which stood corroborated by the medical evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15014931", "title": "Obama not to concede industries of 21st century to China, India", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama will not concede industries of the 21st century to China, India or Europe, a top presidential aide has said as he defended the administration's loan guarantee programme.\"This President will not concede the industries of the 21st century to China, India, Europe and elsewhere,\" the White House press secretary, Jay Carney, told reporters travelling with Obama to Ohio.Opponents had been attacking Obama, highlighting reports of top donors landing plum administration posts and securing government aid. They cite at the top of that list the department of energy loan guarantees that went to alternative energy companies.Carney said the investments made in the Recovery Act have already helped renewable energy production double in the United States.\"They have helped created tens of thousands of jobs in the United States. They have helped build a foundation for competition in vital industries in the 21st century, for competition that will allow for the creation of American jobs in the United States ,\" he said.\"The alternative is to cede those industries to other countries, because the 21st century will be very much focused on the development of clean energy technologies and the utilization of the clean energy technologies,\" he argued.\"So you have a choice. You either make the investments to ensure that those jobs are created in the United States, or you don't. If you don't, you decide that you're going to be importing not just foreign oil but foreign clean energy technologies. This President will not do that,\" Carney said.The statement came after the World Trade Organization announced a major victory for the US in a trade dispute with China.Obama, Carney said, feels very strongly that taking action to ensure that American companies and American workers are able to compete on a level playing field with China and other countries is something that resonates across the country with Americans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011654", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon plans to open kiosks across Gurgaon for bill payment", "text": "GURGAON: The residents of the city would no longer require to visit the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) office for paying any kind of bill.The corporation plans to open bill payment kiosks across Gurgaon for this purpose very soon, doing away with long queues outside its office. The residents would be able to pay bills in their neighbourhood.Going hi-tech, the entire operation of kiosks will be on touch screen and all of them will be connected to the corporation's server. There will be provisions to pay bills through cash or cheque. Moreover, the kiosk can be operated in Hindi and English. The kiosks will provide a bill payment's receipt having all the details of the transaction.The MCG officials were shown a presentation in this regard by a private service provider company. A company representative told officials that kiosks would be opened in every ward of the corporation.An MCG official said the corporation is looking into the proposal. A trial run would be conducted after the approval of the MCG commissioner, Sudhir Rajpal.In the next phase after wards, kiosks would be planned for public places like railway station, metro station, bus stand, mini secretariat, district court premises, Civil Hospital and the MCG office, among others.Residents would be able to pay bills regarding property tax, fire tax, NOC fee, map plan fee, trade license fee among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15012475", "title": "Spotlight on electronics systems design tomorrow", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To create awareness about the Electronics System Design &amp; Manufacturing (ESDM) sector and enhance the career opportunities in the country, the Indian Institution of Information Technology, Allahabad with the support of Department of IT (DIT), Ministry of Communications and IT, New Delhi, Government of India ,will organize a day's national workshop entitled on \"Electronics System Design &amp; Manufacturing (ESDM)\" on July 18 at IIIT-A. Dr M D Tiwari, Director, IIIT-A will inaugurate the workshop in the institute auditorium at 10 am.Workshop convener, Prof R C Tripathi said that workshop offers for the benefit of students, faculty members in all engineering institutions in Allahabad as well as interested participants from the nearby industry and professional bodies. Country level experts with specialization in the specific areas will be delivering their talks to enhance electronics awareness in the ESDM.He said electronics has become the need of the hour in the current global research, development, manufacturing service providing and trade.Foreign Direct Investment in a country is primarily decided by the innovative index of a country. The demand for electronics hardware in the country is projected to increase from USD 45 billion in 2009 to USD 400 billion by 2020.This has serious economic and strategic implications for the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011701", "title": "Middle-aged woman's body found in Krishnanagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: The decomposed body of a middle-aged woman was recovered from an unoccupied semi-constructed residential block in Krishnagar police circle of the state capital on Monday.Police have sent the body for post-mortem examination and suspect the incident to be a case of murder.Reports said the incident came to light after some passers by noticed a nauseating smell emanating from an unoccupied semi-constructed residential block of District Urban Development Authority Colony.Police suspect that the victim had died about a fortnight ago. The woman, aged around 35 years, was clad in a green blouse and a red saree. Some artificial jewellery was found on the person of the deceased.Cops said the body was so decomposed that the investigators were unable to spot any injury marks on the person of the deceased which could have helped to decipher the cause of her death. A case has been registered in connection with the incident under various sections of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15012036", "title": "Elephants crush techie trekking in Bannerghatta", "text": "BANGALORE: Two days after he went missing during a trek in the Bannerghatta Biological Park, software engineer Satwik Shastri, 24, was found dead in the forest around Monday noon.Rescue workers said he appeared to have been trampled to death by wild elephants. His body was found in a bush near Neerinagundi, a waterhole frequented by wild animals. Satwik was accompanied by friends Ashish and Anupam to the trek on Saturday.But mystery surrounds the circumstances of his death. A senior police official told TOI that Ashish, during questioning, said he heard noises on Saturday night which could have been that of the elephants. The officer said the trio could have spotted wild elephants and run away. Two of them managed to run to safety and Satwik could not, he said. \"We suspect the elephants may have targeted Satwik,\" he said.Anupam, however, told TOI he didn't hear anything. Police said the partially decomposed body indicated Satwik may have been killed late Saturday night. His right thigh, left hand and head had been trampled upon. The body was found 1km from the spot he was last seen at.Forest officials said Satwik may have tried to run away from elephants and entered the bush where he was cornered before being trampled. The intensity of the attack indicated the presence of calves in the herd. The postmortem will reveal whether Satwik was a victim of one elephant or more.Sources said a tusker in heat was spotted in the area a couple of days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011191", "title": "No specific legal framework to stop Khap-dictated honour killing, UP tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite hundreds of couples marrying against social barriers being hounded out or killed at the behest of Khap Panchayats in northern India, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Haryana have prepared no legal framework to counter the menace; the Supreme Court was informed on Monday.UP government in its affidavit admitted that \"There was no specific legal framework to address the problem of honour killings but the Director General of Police and additional DGP have issued directions to ensure compliance with the provisions of Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act, 2005.\"Rajasthan was relying on two circulars - one issued in 2001 and another in 2006 - to check activities of caste panchayats. Haryana, on the other hand, said it had put in place an action plan to combat honour killings.This information was collated by amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran from the affidavits filed by the states in response to a PIL by NGO \"Shakti Vahini\" seeking the apex court's intervention to protect couples, who were forced to annul their inter-caste marriages or killed for defiance. The Centre said it was actively planning to amend the Indian Penal Code (IPC) to make honour killing a specific offence.Ramachandran's report said there was a legislative vacuum in countering Khap Panchayats and honour killings dictated by them. \"Therefore, it would be appropriate for the Supreme Court to give appropriate directions to prevent atrocities in the name of honour and tradition,\" he said.He suggested that the states must be directed to immediately identify areas, where Khaps are active and the police officers in charge of these areas must take every step possible to protect any inter-caste marriages, including protection to the threatened couple.The amicus said the police must act in advance and prevent Khap Panchayat meetings aimed at taking decisions against couples in the name of honour and if required arrest key members to foil the gatherings.Haryana, which has seen several honour killings in the past, said its action plan mandated the police not to take action for alleged kidnapping of girl by a boy till the girl's statement was recorded by a Magistrate. The action plan directs police to provide adequate security to couples and take strict action against those who harass, intimidate or harm couples in the name of honour, it said.The Law Commission has already circulated a proposed legislation - Prohibition of Unlawful Assembly (Interference with the Freedom of Matrimonial Alliance) Bill, 2011 - and sought public response. It proposes upto one-year imprisonment and Rs 10,000 fine for those who participate in Khap meetings convened to condemn any inter-caste marriage.The Bill also proposed punishment of upto two years of imprisonment and Rs 20,000 fine if one was found taking steps to prevent such marriages; a three-year jail term and Rs 30,000 penalty for anyone resorting to criminal intimidation of such couples.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15010835", "title": "HC orders inquiry into illegal appointment of teachers in Dausa", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has directed the superintendent of police, Dausa, to conduct an inquiry into the illegal appointments of physical training instructors (Grade III) in the district for the past 17 years. The court came down heavily on the government for its apathy in taking action against the candidates who filed forged documents to secure the job and also members of the selection committee.Justice M N Bhandari took a serious note of the fact that certain PTI Grade III teachers were appointed using forged documents several years back. However, these appointments were challenged before the court for the first time in 1996 but then the writs were disposed of directing the then petitioners to make a representation before the authority concerned. But when nothing happened, a second round of litigation took place in 1997 wherein the high court ordered an inquiry.The order came on a petition filed by a large number of successful candidates namely Dalip Kumar and others. \"It was found in the inquiry that seven candidates forged the documents. In the present case, it was argued that though the irregularities were known, no final action was taken for so many years. Meanwhile, illegal appointments continued and the administration kept mum till directions were issued by the court,\" said Justice Bhandari.\"It is quite shocking that no action was taken despite the fact that the deputy director, education confirmed the inquiry report,\" the court said.It was contended by the petitioners that the number of such candidates who managed to get appointments by filing fabricated documents is 21 and not seven as given out in the inquiry report. They also produced those forged documents obtained under RTI Act, based on which Justice Bhandari on Feburary 9, 2011 directed principal secretary, education and commissioner, elementary education, also to conduct an inquriy and take appropriate action. But no action was taken.Taking a strong note of the attitude of principal secretary, education, Justice Bhandari directed SP Dausa to register a case against the candidates alleged to have taken advantage of forged documents as also the members of selection committee and officials who helped them to procure appointment. The inquiry has been directed to be completed within two months and the matter will again be placed before the court after three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15010405", "title": "Retail giants see Kozhikode as gateway to north Kerala", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city is fast turning out to be the launch pad for a clutch of global retail giants who are making a beeline to grab a share of city's growing retail pie.Marks and Spencer, one of UK's leading retailers in the premium clothing and home products range, will open an anchor store at the upcoming HiLITE City Mall by the end of 2013. Dutch retail major Spar International has already signed up to open a 60,000 sq ft hypermarket, their first shop in the state.Lifestyle, a prominent retail brand in the Middle East, has also signed up to enter the retail sector of the city. They will be opening a 50000 sq ft department store. Among the other international retails that will touch down on the city are Cinepolis, a Mexican movie chain which will open a 8- screen multiplex.The international brands see huge retail potential in the city which is likely to emerge as the retail hub for north Kerala. \"The international retailers have zeroed in on Kozhikode as it has a good NRI population who has developed a familiarity with the stores and the brands during their stint overseas. Further there is a considerable employment generation taking place in the city which was ranked as the top employment provider among tier-III cities in the country by Assocham recently,\" R G Menon, general manage, sales, at Hi Lite Builders said.The city currently has two malls, the RP Mall and the Focus Mall. Gokulum Galleria, a convention centre and mall project promoted by the Gokulam group is also coming up in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014009", "title": "Bhansali revives cold war with Karan Johar", "text": "Buzz is, the filmmaker didn't it take it too well when Kareena walked out of his film to walk straight into Karan's next filmDespite the fact that Sanjay Leela Bhansali made an appearance at Karan Johar's 40th birthday party, signalling the end of a long season of bitterness, their tenuous bond may have snapped, yet again.At an event to promote Bela Saigal's debut film, Shirin Farhad... co-produced by Bhansali and Eros, the producer-filmmaker was conspicuous by his absence. More so because, Karan Johar was one of the star guests. And if insiders are to be believed, Bhansali's decision to stay away from the event may have something to do with a heroine one lost, and the other gained recently, Kareena Kapoor.It is a known fact that Bhansali, has been passionately involved with the Farah Khan and Boman Irani starrer and has been going all out for his sister's launch vehicle. For him to skip the event perhaps signals a revival of his cold war with KJo.But a friend of the filmmaker attributed the absence to the music recording of his next, Ram Leela. \"If you notice, Bhansali attends only the launch and first look events for his films. He never comes for the other promotions,\" added the friend.A source revealed that it was Farah who invited Kjo for the poster launch. \"Farah has been trying hard to reach out to a larger audience with her debut venture. She invited Karan. Also, the poster recreated the Kuch Kuch Hota Hai poster, a Dharma Productions' venture,\" added the source.Dressed as Rahul and Anjali of Karan's 1998 blockbuster, Farah and Boman enacted a small scene. Bela and Karan were also a part of the act. But Bhansali, who had been a part of the first look launch of the film along with Madhuri Dixit , missed it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15009860", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: Tarun Gogoi flays scribe", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Monday apparently threw his weight behind Team Anna member and RTI activist Akhil Gogoi, who has alleged that a reporter of a local television had instigated the July 9 mob molestation of a girl. Gogoi said that the responsibilities of journalists extend beyond reporting or taking photographs. \"Journalists have a responsibility. Taking photographs is part of the job, but why didn't the journalist (the TV reporter who was there at the site) did not inform the police. The journalist did not do his job,\" Gogoi said.Gogoi said he has ordered the CID to enquire into the allegation of the journalist in the molestation incident. A special investigation team has already been constituted by the police authorities to probe the entire incident while chief minister has set an enquiry commission by additional chief secretary Emily Choudhury.Regretting the incident, Gogoi, who is also in charge of the home department said, \"There was fault on part of the police too. Since I am in charge of the home department I admit that there is lapse on my part too and the department.\"The chief minister was more disturbed at the image of the state tarnished by the incident. He also felt that the incident has given a blot to his own image as well. \"Why is the nation saying shame, shame on us. These incidents happen everywhere, even in Delhi. I do not agree to the nation blaming the entire Assamese community for this incident. This incident has also tarnished my image,\" he said.The chief minister said that he is ready to meet the victim, who has expressed her willingness to meet the chief minister. \"I am ready to meet her. I am also rehabilitating her. Some people have committed a crime against her and I will try to correct it by giving her some rehabilitation,\" Gogoi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15006908", "title": "Inner energy", "text": "Scholars who incessantly contemplate on acquiring strength and knowledge should also consider it their moral duty toimpart knowledge to the ignorant, so that they can develop their mental faculties. This would automatically lead to the latter's self-development and spiritual progress.Yajur Veda *The sun, symbolising wisdom, divine knowledge and spiritual light, which receded from you when you revelled in the darkness of ignorance, delusion and sensuality, now joyously turns on its northward course and moves towards you to shed its light and warmth in greater abundance, and to infuse into you more life and energy.Swami Sivananda *One dimension of energy is motivated, and the goal is out there... Another dimension is unmotivated celebration. The goal is here, now; you are the goal.Osho *The energy of the mind is the essence of life.Aristotle *", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15012228", "title": "Robbers kill security guard, loot Rs 18 lakh", "text": "KANPUR: A 55-year-old security guard was killed and two employees of a sari firm injured, when robbers opened fire at them and escaped with a bag containing Rs 18 lakh in Generalganj area of the city on Monday.The incident occurred in the morning. Three employees of Govardhan Sari Firm, escorted by security guard, were carrying Rs 18 lakh to be deposited at the Generalganj branch of Union Bank of India.Security guard Ram Vilas Tewari, armed with a rifle, was accompanying Ramesh Chandra Gupta, Ram Lakhan and Jagdish Prasad. They were heading towards the Union Bank of India through the narrow lanes on foot. The four had barely covered 200 metres of distance, when two armed miscreants, waylaid them and opened indiscriminate fire at the security guard and Ramesh Chandra Gupta, who collapsed.The robbers snatched the bag containing Rs 18 lakh from Ram Lakhan after attacking him with the 'butt' of a firearm and fled from the spot towards Badshahinaka with their third accomplice, who was waiting on the other end of the narrow lane.Primary investigation had revealed that there were three miscreants, who had arrived on a two-wheeler. Two of them entered the narrow lane close to the bank, one of them attacked the security guard. Then they attacked another employee Ram Lakhan, who was carrying cash bag with the 'butt' of a gun.Sensing trouble, the other employees somehow ran from there and reached sari firm. They informed the showroom owner Prahlad Nath Khatri. He reported the matter to the police.Police team arrived and summoned forensic experts. After sealing the spot, finger prints and other samples were lifted. The injured were rushed to KPM Hospital from where they were referred to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, where the doctors declared security guard Ram Vilas dead. The condition of Ramesh Chandra Gupta was stated to be stable.The guard was a resident of Shyamnagar area.DIG Amitabh Yash said that the cops are trying to ascertain the exact number of robbers involved in the crime and the route they followed and escape from Generalganj.Panic prevailed in the area and the residents of Generalganj were shock. The incident has left the residents and businessmen concerned about the deteriorating law and order situation.Meanwhile, a large number of traders gheraoed Collectorganj police station, demanding arrest of the accused. A case of murder and robbery was registered.Police teams have been formed and fanned out to conduct raids, SP (city) Umesh Kumar Singh said. \"We have got some clues. We hope to make a breakthrough soon,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15012265", "title": "Kanwariyas swarm Varanasi to offer \u2018jalabhishek\u2019 on second Monday", "text": "VARANASI: The holy city turned saffron on the second Monday of Shrawan when lakhs of Kanwariyas from different parts of the country came to offer 'jalabhishek'.In comparison to the first Monday of the holy month, when the number of Kanwariyas was less, the saffron-clad devotees had started entering the city in large numbers since Sunday afternoon. By Monday morning, all the roads leading to Kashi Vishwanath temple and Dashaswamedh Ghat became jam-packed.The queues stretched in several kilometres area from Chhattadwar entry point of the Kashi Vishwanath temple. The Kanwariyas, who were taking dip in the Ganga at Dashaswamedh Ghat, had to reach Godowlia crossing to join the queues and move towards Chhattadwar. The barricade was erected upto Godowlia crossing. Rapid Action Force (RAF) had to exercise hard to maintain the queues as many groups of Kanwariyas were trying to move ahead without joining the queues and those standing in queues to reach the temple starting raising objections. On many occasions, RAF personnel had to wave canes to control the situation on Dashaswamedh road. This situation continued till late in the afternoon.Despite the briefing sessions conducted by the officials before the deployment of police and paramilitary forces for Monday duty, the junior cops took advantage of their uniform and tried to enter the sanctum sanctorum of Kashi Vishwanath temple during 'aarti'. Many of them were seen busy in taking their relatives and close ones to the temple a la VIPs. To check these malpractices, SP security Shripati Mishra had to swing into action during 'mangla aarti' and ousted two sub-inspectors from the sanctum sanctorum.The number of Dak Boms (Kanwariyas who reach the destination to offer Jalabhishek by running on foot) also remained high on the second Monday. These Kanwariyas were taken to the sanctum sanctorum of the temple via Dhundhiraj Ganesh entry point. The devotees who reached the city on second Monday mainly belonged to Jaunpur, Allahabad, Faizabad, Madhya Pradesh and Odisha.Due to the huge gathering of Kanwariyas, the local devotees preferred to offer 'jalabhishek' at other prominent temples of Lord Shiva. Large gatherings were seen at Markandeya Mahadeo Kaithi, Kedareshwar, Onkaleshwar, Mrityunjaya Mahadeo, Karmadeshwar, Rameshwar, Tilbhandeshwar, KVT on Banaras Hindu University campus and other temples.Haphazard parking: The haphazard parking of vehicles by Kanwariyas on different routes left the commuters. The measures initiated by SSP B D Paulson and his subordinates resulted in the desired improvement on Cantonment railway station-Lanka road, on which the traffic of Maidagin-Godowlia-Sonarpura and Lahurabir-Girjaghar-Bhelupur roads was diverted. However, roads like Manduadih-Rathyatra, Maidagin and others through which the Kanwariyas passed for reaching Dashaswamedh ghat and Kashi Vishwanath temple, remained disturbed.The bottlenecks on these roads were caused by improper parking of vehicles like tractors, pick-up vans and others. CO (traffic) Santosh Singh said that the disturbance was caused due to the vehicles of Kanwariyas. The cops revealed that on Sunday night, large groups of Kanwariyas entered the city and whenever the police tried to stop their vehicles they became rigid to take their vehicles upto Dashaswamedh ghat.The cops managed to convince the Kanwariyas to leave their vehicles at points like Mahmoorganj-Rathyatra road, Maidagin and other points. Hence, vehicular movement remained affected on these roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "15011124", "title": "New construction in Gurgaon put on hold to tackle water problem", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday restrained the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) from issuing new licences for developers in Gurgaon unless they give an undertaking that groundwater would not be consumed for construction work.In a potent, environment-friendly verdict, which underlines the acute water crisis in Gurgaon, a division bench comprising Chief Justice (acting) Jasbir Singh and Justice Rakesh Kumar Jain passed the order while hearing a bunch of petitions filed by Qutub Enclave Residents Welfare Association and others.The HC directed the secretaries of HUDA, the department of town and country planning (DTCP) and state irrigation department to appear in person on July 31 to respond to the court on the issue.The officers have been asked to furnish exact details about the total population, water demand, number of water connections, number of tubewells, etc. The court directed the officials to submit a workable policy and plan to recharge groundwater which is depleting at the worrisome rate of 1.5 metres per year.\"The court has not only barred licences for new constructions, but renewal of licences for old projects has been stayed. Ongoing constructions are also under the scanner. This strengthens the ambit of similar strictures issued earlier by the Supreme Court,\" said Nivedita Sharma, the petitioners' lawyer. The city sees six new launch announcements a month on average.The petitioners said the verdict would go a long way in saving the environment in the region.According to our estimates, builders in Gurgaon illegally extract as much as 50 million gallons per day (MGD) for construction. This at a time when citizens are forced to buy water from private tankers, which is another mafia of sorts,\" said R S Rathee, a leading petitioner, and president of Gurgaon Citizens' Council (GCC).According to petitioners, for a population of 20 lakh, the city's daily water demand is 200 million gallons per day (MGD). While 50MGD flows from civic taps, the remaining 150MGD is extracted from the ground by frantic digging of borewells. According to one estimate, there are over 30,000 borewells in the district of Gurgaon.The builders, on their part, said they were worried that an already sluggish realty market would further slow down in the wake of the court order. There are more than 100 mid- and large-size construction projects in the Gurgaon-Manesar region.With the master plans for Sohna and a draft master plan for Pataudi ready, these figures are expected to double in the near future. The HC order is likely to put a brake on that almost reckless growth in which realty far outpaces infrastructural development.The flip side of the order is that the consumer may have to bear the escalation in cost. Transporting huge quantities of water from distant locations for construction activities means astronomical amounts. Unlike neighboring Delhi which was built from Yamuna waters, Gurgaon doesn't have a river. Said a builder, \"That means we buy water from elsewhere. Someone has to pay for that, and no builder in his senses would pick up the tab.\"Petitioners say for a population of 20 lakh, the city's daily water demand is 200 MGD. While 50MGD flows from civic taps, the remaining 150MGD is extracted from the groundTimes ViewThis ban may come as a jolt to many but the real issue at stake is larger than just construction in Gurgaon. It goes to the very heart of what kind of urbanisation we want in India. Should urbanisation proceed heedless of basic issues like where the water is going to come from and where the sewage will flow to? Clearly not. Urbanisation of this kind might seem like development in the short run but is obviously not sustainable since it puts an unbearable strain on natural resources. Our urban planning bodies need to put their heads down and think the matter through seriously. If not, we could be looking at a very grim future for our towns and cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15012152", "title": "Jain leader asks community to condemn female feticide", "text": "AJMER: In the wake of rising incidents of female feticide in the state, Jain spiritual leaders have now come forward to condemn the act and appealed to the community to shun the practice.Jain saint Vishudh Sager appealed to other religious leaders to come together and build a common platform to check the evil practice. Calling the act of killing the girl child inhuman, he said, \"Non-violence in not only the base of Jain religion but is preached by all religions and was even advocated by Mahatma Gandhi.\"Addressing a gathering at Ajmer on 'Chaturmas', Vishudh Sager said: \"Girls have a right to live. It is not only our duty but also in our religion to ensure that no girl is denied the right.\"He said this is one issue that he will take up at every gathering to drive home the message that killing a girl child is against religion. \"In the desire for a boy, mothers are killing girls in their womb which is a sin,\" he said, adding, \"It is my duty to create awareness in the community and the society at large against female feticide.\"\"No religion allows killing a girl in the womb. When there is non-violence, there is harmony and prosperity. It is the duty of every human to respect the right to live of every creature,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15011950", "title": "Goon stabs 2 cops who go to arrest him, escape", "text": "THANE: Two constables-Arun Bangar and Avinash Waghchore-were severely injured after a local hoodlum, Uttam Gaikwad, who is said to be leading a small gang in the Pondpada slum, attacked them with a sharp weapon when they went to arrest him and escaped under the cover of darkness at the foothills of Parsik Hills here on Sunday.Gaikwad's family suspected the cops were tipped off by Shiv Sena functionary Chandrakant Kalambe. Kalambe's jeep was set ablaze by unidentified persons in the morning. A hunt is on to apprehend Gaikwad.-Nitin YeshwantraoThe incident triggered ripple reactions from the police as well as the family and friends of the accused Uttam Gaikwad, who is said to be leading a small gang residing at the Pondpada slum settlements here.The stabbing of their colleagues Arun Bangar and Avinash Waghchore invited police swoop down at the Pardhi community settlement here with the police slapping charges against Gaikwad's mother, wife and his niece. The three women, it is learnt, made an unsuccessful attempt to stop the two constables from taking Gaikwad in their custody.When the accused was being led towards the motorcycle, he is said to have pulled out a sharp weapon hidden on his person and hit Bangar on his hands and stabbed Waghchore and fled the spot leaving the two bleeding.Meanwhile, Tavera jeep and an autorickshaw owned by Jeetu Yadav was also destroyed because of the intensity of the blaze.Police said Gaikwad was a known criminal and led a gang of thieves who would conduct house breakings and armed dacoity. In the past Kalambe's house was ransacked by the gang in the past.Police said Wagchore has been admitted to the ICCU at the privately-owned Prakruti Hospital while Bangar is said to be stable. A search is underway to locate Gaikwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15010391", "title": "Imported fruits to redefine Iftar platter", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With just a few days left for the Ramzan month to begin, imported fruits from across the globe are making a splash across the state in a big way.The desi mangoes, grapes and bananas are making way for longan, dragon fruit from Thailand, plums from Chile, pears from South Africa , citrus oranges from Egypt and cherries from US. As many as 30 exotic varieties of fruit have made their debut in the state to deck up the Iftar platter this year.Fruit shelves at most stores in the city are also giving a prominent display to the new arrivals from overseas.Wholesale dealers and importers say the demand for imported fruits is picking up in the state. \"We have brought in at least 15 containers of fruits in the run up to the Ramzan. The demand has been so huge this season that we were open till 11pm on Sunday,\" said P Navas of PKC Fruits World, who has been in the wholesale business for the last 17 years.He also said that they were currently importing 30 varieties of fruit directly from over a dozen countries. \"The demand for imported fruits has picked up across the state and the market has doubled in the pre- Ramzan season,\" said Navas.Minsar P, another fruit dealer in the city, said the demand for imported fruits was partly out of curiosity and also due to the health benefits that some fruits offer. \"We have dedicated customers for fruits such as longan, a tropical fruit with high content of vitamin C and calcium,\" he added.However, most of these exotic varieties are enough to burn a hole in your pocket. Cherries from USA are the most expensive costing Rs 1,900 per kg. The dragon fruit sells at Rs 320 per kg while guavas from Thailand in bright red, violet and green colours will cost you Rs 340 a kg.Dates from Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Iran and UAE have also landed in the city. Sweet tamarind coming straight from US costs Rs 135 per kilo while citrus oranges from California cost Rs 75 per kg. Apples and grapes have also gone global with six varieties of apple available in the market now along with some exotic varieties of grapes from Chile and California filling up the shelves.Shabnam KP, a city resident, said the imported fruits had helped to add variety to the Iftar table. \"Dates and fruits are the main items that are usually eaten to break the fast. This year we are trying out some imported fruits, especially for the family Iftars,\" she said.\"Today I am trying out violet guavas from Thailand. They look beautiful. I haven't tasted it and hope it is as tasty as it looks. We had earlier bought the red globe grapes from Chile and it was very good,\" said Neelima R, a resident of Kottuli.Imported fruits make a splash as Ramadan draws near", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15011591", "title": "Engineering seats outnumber applicants 2:1", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: For admission into every two engineering (B.Tech) seats in the state, there is less than one applicant this year indicating the continuing trend of large-scale vacancies of seats in technical colleges. Total number of students who locked their choices under the Odisha Joint Examination (OJEE) could not touch even the half-way mark of 22,000 till the last date on Monday for the 44,000 seats available for admission in around 110 colleges this year. Though the OJEE had scheduled July 12 as the last date to lock the choices, the Orissa high court had extended the last date to July 16 while acting on a bunch of petitions filed by private engineering colleges.\"The deadline to lock the choices is over. There are total 21,611 applicants,\" OJEE secretary Priyabrata Sahoo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011655", "title": "Valuables stolen from DLF house", "text": "GURGAON: A gang of thieves struck at a house in DLF phase II and stole cash and valuables worth lakhs of rupees on Monday.The house owners returned from a vacation and found the main door to be unlocked and their house ransacked. Neighbours did not notice any suspicious activity around the house while the house owners were away, said a police official.Police suspect the involvement of more than three thieves in the crime and have questioned people who have been involved in earlier cases of theft. The police believe it to be a crime by someone close to the victims as the thieves knew exactly when the owners would not be at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010678", "title": "Citizens policing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On Sunday morning, the residents near Vasna vegetable market woke up to the sound of shutter opening at a shop at 3.15 am. They quickly realized that it can not be the shop owner, but the burglars at that hour. They were four of them who had come to the spot in a car. When the residents confronted them, they started fleeing from the spot.When the citizens ran after them, one of the burglars fired a round in the air to scare them. Vejalpur police officials say that the burglars had targeted a jewellery shop and had the local residents not intervened, the shop would surely have been burgled.Welcome to the world of citizen cops who not only keep a close vigil on their surrounding areas, but also catch the offenders when they get a chance. Last week, Naranpura police officials got hold of one of the three robbers who tried to loot an angadia firm in Bhimjipura and averted the robbery. On the basis of the arrested accused's statement, the cops started search for his absconding accomplices.Likewise, local residents thwarted a theft attempt at a commercial complex in Ghatlodia and made the thieves run for their lives.Police say that due to limited number of personnel, it becomes practically impossible to patrol every area of the city during nights. At such times, vigilant citizens become their eyes and ears who promptly alert them about crimes and even nab criminals. This year alone has seen more than 20 such incidents in western city parts where citizens helped police in catching criminals.\"In two of the cases, it was women who helped police catch robbers. A resident of Vejalpur and two sisters from Paldi were recently felicitated by the city police for their bravery as the former prevented a robbery from Muthoot Finance office, whereas the latter provided crucial links to police in catching a firing case accused. Time and again, we've identified such heroes and felicitated them so that others also get inspiration,\" said V Chandrasekhar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I.Sector I police stations also organized a function earlier this year where more than 15 citizens and policemen were felicitated with certificate of commendation and token reward for thwarting robbery attempts and nabbing criminals.Alert residentsThe vigilant citizens helped Karanj police officials catch three vehicle thieves in June. The thieves were specialized in vehicle thefts through duplicate keys from court premises. Their arrest led to detection of six vehicle thefts.A woman put up a great defiance against two assailants who tried to snatch her gold chain near Bodakdev. She grabbed one of the accused. However, the duo managed to flee on their scooter. Police have launched the manhunt against them on the basis of their vehicle's registration number.Three fake cops were caught from Geeta Mandir when they tried to extort Rs 5,000 from a man, accusing him of running a prostitution racket. When the victim confronted them, asking them to accompany him to the police station, they fled. They were later arrested.Eyes and ears of cops\"Most of the crimes take place when no policeman is around. At such times, police first need description of the criminals, their getaway vehicle, weapon used and modus operandi. The citizens can provide us with that. In one such incident in Vadaj, citizens not only caught a criminal, but also got us a cartridge from the spot that established firing,\" said Naranpura police station inspector H B Jamod.Mob justice not allowedThe citizen cop phenomenon has a flip side as well. Sometimes mob justice takes right on the spot, not giving suspect time to explain his or her case. Recently in Ellisbridge, a woman was caught by passengers aboard an AMTS bus who suspected her as a thief. However, by the time she could prove her innocence, it was too late. She was beaten up black and blue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15011832", "title": "St Bede's College stalemate continues", "text": "SHIMLA: The stalemate between the management of 108-year-old women's college in north India, St Bede's College, and its regular teaching and non-teaching staff entered the eighth day on Monday as teaching staff continued to hold a pen-down strike.Studies of about 850 students, including 100 hostellers, have been affected by the strike since last Monday, though about 20 contract teachers are taking classes for some subjects. The Non-Government College Lecturers Association (NGCLA) of aided colleges of Himachal -- including MLSM College, Sundernagar, DAV College, Kangra, DAV College, Kotkhai, SVSD College, Bhatoli apart from St Bede's -- also held a two hour token strike in their respective campuses in support of the staff of St Bede's.President of NGCLS, C P Kaushal, said, \"The association condemns the management move of slashing the EPF of 12% of salary to Rs 780 of employees at St Bede's and other benefits. The management should initiate a dialogue with the staff at St Bede's and lend an ear to the genuine demands of the staff.\"On Monday, staff of the four colleges held a two-hour stay-in strike from 11 am to 1 pm and did not take classes, expressing support to fellow teachers at St Bede's. NGCLS has also threatened to intensify the stir if the deadlock is not ended soon. Presidents of the teaching and non-teaching staff, Ajay Sud and Mathew Kurien, said, \"The management is bent on its stand and we have been forced to resort to strike. The management is not keen on any breakthrough or initiate a dialogue over our demands.\"Sud added, \"We met the education secretary on Monday and are planning to meet the chief minister on Tuesday, requesting them to intervene in the matter. If need be, the CM should post an administrator in the college to look after the affairs, as aided colleges are governed by statutes of Himachal government. Meanwhile, the management has called the strike by staff as unjustified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "15011620", "title": "Stopping of mid-day meals angers Keonjhar villagers", "text": "KEONJHAR: Villagers of Keonjhar's Rajabandha village locked the Rajabandha primary school in Sadar block on Monday because students have not been provided mid-day meals for more than one-and-half months now. The more than 200 students are from poor tribal families and come to school for the meal.\"The poor students depend upon the midday meal. As a result, now most poor students coming from distant places are going without food. The school authorities are not preparing mid-day meals though there is sufficient foodgrain in the school. We have complained to the headmistress and higher officials. When no step was taken, we were forced to stage a protest by locking the school gate,\" said Kalicharan Murmu, a member of the school committee.Villagers have asked the district administration to take strict action against the headmistress who has stopped preparation of the midday meal. \"The government is giving free food to the students. But the school authorities have stopped MDM. The headmistress should be penalized,\" said Ratnamani Tanty, the ward member.The district inspector (DI) of schools visited the school in the afternoon and discussed with the agitating locals. \"The school headmistress has been asked to start the midday meal. I have discussed with the villagers and heard their demands. They were dissatisfied with the work of the headmistress. We will take action against her after investigation,\" said Jadumani Behera, district inspector of schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011853", "title": "Rain deficit trend persists", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city has a history of monsoon taking some time to gain full strength. This time too the below average monsoon has seen a deficit of 53.5% rainfall till July 16.Data of the last six years available with the meteorological department shows that there has usually been deficit rain in the first 11 days of the arrival of monsoon. After hitting Chandigarh on July 6, this year after a delay of almost five days, monsoon brought only 218 mm rainfall till July 16, where as the normal rainfall should have been 271.5mm.In 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011 as well the first 11 days brought little rain.In 2007 there were only four showers during the first 11 days of the onset of monsoon on June 26. The city had then recorded only 122.6mm of rainfall. In 2008, the city recorded 110mm of rainfall after the onset of monsoon on June 13, while 2009 saw only 52.6mm of rainfall after monsoon arrived on June 30. In 2011, the city received 109.4mm rainfall. In the last six years it was only in 2010 that Chandigarh received sufficient rainfall of 296.3mm. SurenderPal, director, Chandigarh Meteorological department said, \"The monsoon rain has been irregular at the initial stage. For now it is subdued but it would gain momentum in the next two to three days. Also the deficit is quite near normal.\" Till July 5, the deficit was 89%.Without enough rainfall, the city has been experiencing heated and humid weather conditions. The temperature on Monday was recorded at 34 degrees celsius where as minimum temperature was recorded at 26.2 degrees. Zero rainfall was recorded in the city on Monday, while maximum humidity level was recorded at 87%.For Tuesday, the met officials have predicted a partly cloudy sky with possibility of rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011820", "title": "Ayurveda doctors accused of raping trainee nurse", "text": "CHENNAI: Two ayurvedic doctors are on the run after allegedly raping a nurse from Kerala at an apartment in Anna Nagar. The doctors, also hailing from Kerala but employed in an ayurveda hospital in Tamil Nadu , brought the 19-year-old woman to Chennai on the pretext of giving her training in the city.Police said Aajil Kumar, 42, a chief doctor with Kerala Ayurveda Hospital in Trichy, employed Nisha (name changed), a native of Thodupuzha in Kerala, on May 12 as a trainee nurse. Saying she needs to undergo training in Chennai, he brought her here on July 8. They were picked up by Shreejith (35), a doctor employed with the hospital's Chennai centre, from the railway station and taken to an apartment complex in Anna Nagar.While she was given one of the two bedrooms, the two doctors occupied the other. The same day she was allegedly raped by the duo. Police said the duo threatened her to not to reveal the incident to anyone. But later she told her friend about it and they decided to lodge a complaint at the Thirumangalam police station. But police kept the matter pending. Meanwhile, the doctors filed an anticipatory bail petition in the Madras high court. But their plea was rejected and Thirumangalam police asked Nisha to approach J J Nagar police. Finally, a case was registered under IPC sections 376 (rape) and 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation) on Monday after a medical examination of the girl.Narrating the incident, Nisha told TOI: \"I locked my room before going for a bath, but was shocked to see Aajil inside the room when I came out. Before I could question him, I was dragged to the bed. Later he called in Shreejith.\" She said: \"I took up the job to support my family. Though my parents were reluctant to send me off, I was stubborn. So, I didn't want to reveal the matter to my family members and further traumatize them.\"Unable to bear the trauma, she stopped going to work and quit the job. Police said the duo even asked her to get her friend to agree to have sex with them. Police have former team to hunt for the accused.The duo brought the 19-yr-old to Chennai on the pretext of giving her training in the city", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010410", "title": "7th cutoff: BCom(H) open in 5 colleges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though a majority of the colleges have closed admissions in the general category, BCom (honours), a sought-after course, is still open in five colleges, according to the seventh cutoff list announced on Monday. In fact, courses like BCom (honours), BCom, economics and English are still open in Ramjas College on North Campus. However, OBC admissions continue across courses in many colleges.Many principals of DU colleges have questioned HRD ministry's authority to dictate admission policy, saying the policy decisions of the university should be taken by the academic and executive councils. The principals were responding to a letter from the university administration on Monday. The colleges were asked to admit students in the reserved category based on the actual intake rather than the sanctioned strength of a class. The colleges are supposed to comply with the policy by July 19.Many of the principals will write to the administration on the issue, while some will hold internal meetings to discuss the development. The chairman of the high-powered committee for admission reforms, Deepak Malhotra, said he will also write to the vice-chancellor on behalf of the committee. Malhotra, principal of Dayal Singh College (evening), is also a member of the AC and EC. In his letter to the VC, he wrote, \"The directive of the MHRD on a matter concerning our admission policy is a clear infringement of the university's autonomy. Any decision in this regard can only be taken by the university authorities and teachers, who only are aware of the ground realities.\"Principals and teachers are calling the decision far removed from reality, and that it will cause hardship to students. \"If this is implemented, colleges will ask for individual registration from next year, so that students are admitted according to the sanctioned strength,\" said principal of a South Campus college. The head of the principals' association said many principals are going to write to the university. In the seventh cutoff, colleges like Hindu, Hans Raj, IP, Kamla Nehru, Maitreyi, Ramjas, and Sri Venkateswara have kept BCom (honours) open for OBC candidates. BA (honours) English is open in 26 colleges, while BA (honours) economics is open for admissions across 22 colleges. BA programme, too, is open in 20 colleges with cutoff as low as 40%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010628", "title": "MCI to consult SC over medical seats", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Medical Council of India (MCI) has decided to seek clarification from the Supreme Court before sanctioning 50 additional seats each to Osmania Medical College and Kakatiya Medical College in compliance with the AP high court directive.The board of governors of MCI assured a delegation led by Kondru Murali, minister for medical education, and chief whip Gandra Venkatramana Reddy on Monday that the additional seats would be sanctioned after getting a clarification from the Supreme Court.It was the apex court that had issued guidelines according to which the cut-off date for sanctioning the seats was set at July 14.The delegation met the MCI officials in Delhi and handed over the affidavit saying that the shortcomings which had been cited as the reason for these colleges having been denied the additional seats would be rectified within a month. \"The MCI gave a positive response. The board of governors has given us an assurance that they would sanction the additional seats.\"But they need to take some procedural steps before completing the sanctioning process and I hope we will get the sanction order in a couple of days,\" said Kondru Murali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15010264", "title": "Mhow boy cracks admission to London School of Economics", "text": "INDORE: A city lad from Mhow, military cantonment area in Indore district, has secured admission at the London School of Economics (LSE), UK. He is probably the second person after B R Ambedkar from Mhow to get into LSE. Ambedkar, the father of the Indian constitution had studied in the college in early 1920s.Amit Singhi, a student at one of the CBSE schools in the Mhow, later took admission in International Baccalaureate board after high school. Two years ago he had joined IIT-JEE coaching classes in the city after securing a CGPA of 9.8 in class X. But four months later the though about whether he will be able to crack IIT-JEE changed his perspective and career outlook.\"I wanted to study in one of the top IITs' in the country. I started coaching for the same but after four month, I was still not sure about getting admission. So, I decided to quit and study in one of the world's best universities,\" Singhi said.Taking admission in IB board did not come easy for him as he had to face difficulties adapting into the new environment, which was altogether different from his previous board.Describing his initial days in new board pattern, Singhi said, \"Initial five months were extreme and critical. The environment gives you international exposure, helps you understanding culture of other countries and connects you globally. I got chance to hone my research and speaking skills. I thank all my teachers and especially the principal for supporting me.\" Singhi got a score of 43 in IB diploma, which was more than the required score of 38 for getting into LSE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15010754", "title": "One more multi-level marketing firm busted", "text": "JAIPUR: The police on Monday busted yet another multi-level marketing firm named Priyanshi Trade Mart Limited and arrested two of its directors including a government school teacher. The police claimed that the firm had defrauded several people of at least Rs 5 crore.According to Addl DCP North - I Madan Gopal, two men -- Manoj Soni and Arpit Soni -- had opened the firm on May 1, 2009. \"They lured the investors with unrealistic returns for their investment in the firm. The commission for each investor would increase in a chain system if he or she gets others to invest in it. One could get membership of the firm by paying anywhere between Rs 3,000 to Rs 1.92 lakh,\" said the officer. The firm allegedly offered to double the money in 15 months.One Kalash Chandra Meena, who is a government teacher at a school in Dausa district also joined the firm later.He added that several people invested in the firm's schemes. \"In the beginning, the firm used to pay the profits to the investors to win their trust, but later the directors disappeared after closing it. FIRs were registered with Manak Chowk police station by investors,\" said the officer.\"We have arrested Kailash and Manoj Soni while search is on for other directors,\" said the officer. Police have also seized a house bought by Manoj and a car bought by Kailash using the investors' money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15015025", "title": "Saif, Kareena wedding postponed till December", "text": "The muhurat of the Bollywood's eagerly-awaited wedding between Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor remains elusive with the actor revealing that the marriage is postponed to the year-end and not going to happen in London contrary to the buzz about the change in the venue.Earlier, Saif's mother Sharmila Tagore had said that her son would tie knot with Kareena on October 16 at Pataudi Palace in Pataudi village.However, in an exclusive chat with PTI, the 41-year-old actor said that the event was not immediately round the corner as being reported.\"I have not fixed a date for the wedding yet. It is going to be a year-end wedding,\" Saif said.When asked if the wedding will be solemnised as per Hindu rituals or a traditional nikaah, Saif said, \"It is a very private thing...I don't want to talk about it\".Discounting the B-town buzz that the ceremony will not take place in India and the venue may be rather shifted to London, Saif said, \"The wedding is not happening in London for sure. Rest all details about the wedding I can't talk as it is our private matter. It is personal\".Saifeena, as the celebrity pair is commonly referred to, have been dating for five years and are going strong.Amid numerous speculations and theories on the timing of their marriage, the couple had gone on record saying they would enter the wedlock at the beginning of this year after the release of 'Agent Vinod' but that did not happen.Then came another report that they were getting hitched sometime between March-April, however, the exact date continued to be elusive.However, later in June Saif's mother and yesteryear actress Sharmila Tagore confirmed that the wedding was taking place on October 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15011636", "title": "Less rainfall worries farmers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state has received 17% less rainfall from the normal of 375.6 mm in this monsoon season by Monday, leaving farmers worried. The weathermen said the monsoon is now weak and the condition will continue for at least a week even as some coastal parts received some rain because of thunderstorm. They said present monsoon rainfall deficit of 17% in the state would be treated as normal but expressed hope that rainfall deficit would be compensated before July ends.The agriculture scientists, however, fear that the state may head towards a drought-like situation if such trend of poor rainfall continues for few more days. Official sources in the meteorology department said 14 out of 30 districts have received deficient monsoon rainfall between 20% and 50% this monsoon so far. Of those districts, Koraput witnessed the highest deficient rainfall of 50% followed by Deogarh (46%), Jajpur (45%), Jagatsinghpur (40%) and Balasore (36%). Nabarangpur, Gajapati, Mayurbhanj , Kendrapada, Rayagada , Keonjhargarh , Malkangiri, Ganjam and Bhadrak have received less than 30% rainfall.Director of agriculture and food production R S Gopalan said agriculture operations in the state has covered 20 lakh hectares so far, which is 20% less compared to coverage in 24 lakh hectares by this period last year. He said except some selected districts like Balasore and Deogarh, the agriculture operations is manageable in the state. \"I am still confident that the present monsoon rainfall deficit of the state would be fulfilled,\" Gopalan said. Besides, he said the government is also prepared to tackle any possible adverse situation because of poor rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15010811", "title": "Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation reviews Egyptian operation", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Just six months after the Gujarat government reluctantly decided to give a go ahead to Egyptian operations of the PSU, Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) has called for a complete review of whether it is worth continuing.Well-placed Sachivalaya sources informed TOI on Monday that a high-level team, led by a senior financial expert working with the Gujarat government, Manish Verma, and a few technocrats, has been rushed to Egypt to make a spot assessment. They are to determine if the oil-and-gas explorations in Egypt are worth continuing, or one should withdraw, as it might mean a huge financial burden on the funds-starved government-owned public sector undertaking (PSU).\"Based on the team's decision, the government will take a final call,\" a senior state official said. \"There is one view that a huge oil-and-gas potential exists in Egypt. The view is held by top GSPC technocrat, stationed in Egypt, and M Y Farooqi is looking after the operations. However, there is a need to assess the claimed potential, see its financial viability.\"The decision to send the team came close on the heels of a distinct view in the state powerdom that it has been a \"waste of money\" to expand GSPC's wings in oil-and-gas in foreign land.In 2006, in an effort to go global, GSPC bid for and took many oil-and-gas blocks in several countries, including Egypt, Australia, Indonesia and Yemen. In Egypt alone, it took five blocks. One of the blocks is onshore, situated in a huge expanse of 39,000 sq km area, most of it desert. The rest are offshore, deep in the Mediterranean. Work for only two blocks had begun. Time for exploration ended in March 2012, and Gujarat chief secretary A K Joti went to Cairo to formally request the Egyptian government to give extension.The extension was sought on the ground that the Egyptian authorities failed to give necessary clearances on time, required from the country's defence establishment. While one-year extension was allowed, the view continued among senior IAS babus that the GSPC - deep into debt of Rs 8,000 crore - would not be in a position to bear fresh financial burden.The Egyptian operation alone would require another Rs 5,000 crore. Withdrawal would be a cheaper option, as it would have to pay up only 250 million dollars, or about Rs 1,350 crore at the current rate of exchange.In fact, since the GSPC's KG basin fiasco, where it found virtually nothing in the oil-and-gas operation, the PSU is in trouble. Even the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report estimated that GSPC's KG misadventure cost it Rs 5,000 crore. The view point in favour of exploring only oil-and-gas; instead of concentrating on trading gas by laying down gas pipelines, giving gas to individual households and industrial units, and setting up CNG stations, in which it has already made big profits, strengthened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012082", "title": "PCMC issues notice to contractor for negligence", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation on Monday issued a notice to a contractor for failing to take safety measures at his construction site in Pimpri. The notice was issued after a 12-year-old boy, Pradeep Salve, from Pimpri, drowned in a pit at the Empire Estate flyover site on Sunday.Executive engineer Shrikant Savane said, \"It is the responsibility of contractors to take adequate security and safety measures at construction sites. The contractors are responsible for any accident arising out of negligence.\" The contractor in this case has been directed to take adequate safety measures to avoid repeat of such incident, he added.Pradeep and his three friends had entered the pit for a swim. The pit was dug up to erect a pillar for the flyover. It had no barricades or tin sheets around to prevent people from entering or falling into it.When Pradeep's friends did not see him surface for some time, they panicked and rushed home to inform his mother. Some of his relatives rushed to the spot, but could not locate him. However, after an hour or so, his body surfaced in the pit.A student to standard VI, Pradeep was studying in a private school. His father died a few years back. He is survived by his mother, a housemaid, and three sisters.The flyover, which is being built near the Autocluster in Chinchwad, passes through Empire Estate, a large housing society, located along the Pune-Mumbai highway in Chinchwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011699", "title": "Computerise all pension, scholarship records: CS", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reviewing development initiatives undertaken by different departments of the state government, chief secretary Jawed Usmani, on Monday, ordered the immediate computerisation of all records pertaining to pension schemes and scholarships run by the state government. Saying that the process should be made transparent, Usmani also set up a high-level committee headed by principal secretary of the social welfare department and asked to submit a progress report in 15 days.The chief secretary also ordered random checks of aanganwadi centres across UP and said third party verifications will also be conducted in order to ensure that the centres are running properly. tnnAsking officials to ensure greater participation of women in the centres, Usmani also said vacant positions at the aanganwadi centres should be filled within three months.The government had set aside a budget of Rs 1,673 crore for old age pension, the chief secretary said and asked department officials to add at least 5 lakh new beneficiaries across districts to the existing list and asked for a progress report within one week. Asking for better recovery of tax from the labour department, Usmani also said the registration process must yield at least Rs 200 crore to Rs 300 crore in the state coffers.The chief secretary was also apprised about the state of the unemployment doles. In Monday's meeting, principal secretary, Shailesh Krishna said unemployment doles will be given out in 3-monthly instalments for which the state has kept aside Rs 1,100 crore. \"The state government had received 35,964 applications until June 2012,\" Krishna said and added that the state has registered over 18,000 establishments and 1.89 lakh construction workers and collected Rs 435.51 crore as cess until June 2012. He also said nearly Rs 2 crore had been spent by the state already towards various state government schemes for labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15011781", "title": "Cave-in forces Hotel Clarkes' closure in Shimla", "text": "SHIMLA: With a re-built supporting retaining wall giving way and structural engineers declaring the building unsafe, Oberoi groups' heritage property, Hotel Clarkes, has been shut down indefinitely.\"With the steeply inclined sliding zone scraping close to six feet of the heritage building, we had to evacuate all guests and staff members on Sunday night,\" said D P Bhatia, general manager Hotel Clarkes. The guests occupying the hotel's 18 rooms were shifted to another star hotel.At a stone's throw from the high court building, excavation work for constructing a lawyers' chamber has endangered the heritage building. To make way for the new construction, not only were about a dozen green trees felled but even the motorable road connecting the court to highway broke after the retaining wall caved in in May, after excavation work began. With the onset of monsoon, the hotel's gardens, adjacent to the broken road, gave way a month ago.To save the hotel, a retaining wall was reconstructed in a hurry, but it collapsed two days ago, exposing the plush property to being pulled down should it slide further.The heritage hotel was constructed in 1898 and was one of the first acquisitions of MS Oberoi, the founder of the Oberoi hotel chain, when he set out to become an entrepreneur after having been an employee at Cecil, a hotel that too was acquired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15011291", "title": "Mike throwing case: Corporator surrenders before police", "text": "AMRAVATI: Republican Party of India (RPI) corporator Pradip Dande, who had hurled a mike over city engineer of Amravati Municipal Corporation, surrendered before City Kotwali police on Monday.On Saturday, the standing committee meeting had witnessed high drama when Dande threw a mike at city engineer Dnyanendra Meshram. Dande asked Meshram to give account of road construction work proposed under urban development scheme. When Meshram informed him about the work, Dande was shocked to know that the roads in good condition are proposed for asphalting while those in worse condition remained neglected. Heated exchange took place between the duo and enraged with the reply of the engineer, the corporator threw a mike at the engineer.Meshram lodged a complaint with City Kotwali police who registered offences against Dande In the meantime Dande went to Mumbai to attend a programme. On Monday he returned from Mumbai and surrendered before police.Immediately after the incident on Saturday the AMC staff had resorted to stop work agitation but on Monday they called off their strike. However, Meshram refused to withdraw his police complaint.Kamgar Sanghatana and Meshram met municipal commissioner N Nawin Sona and demanded cancellation Dande's membership as corporator. Sona told the delegation that he will send their proposal to state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011783", "title": "Shia Board seeks ban on film based on Karbala", "text": "LUCKNOW: All India Shia Personal Law Board has urged the Centre to impose a ban on the making of a movie based on the sacrifice made by 72 Muslims in Karbala to protect Islam saying that the film would hurt the community's religious sentiments.The AISPLB has written a letter to the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Union minister for information and broadcasting Ambika Soni appealing to them to stop production of the film based on Karbala keeping in view the sentiments of Muslims, AISPLB president Maulana Mirza Mohammad Athar said in a statement. Now a film based on the sacrifices by Imams is being made in which all the characters, including Hazrat Imam Hussain, would be shown, he said.Claiming that Muslims have great reverence for that extraordinary act of sacrifice, he said making of a film on such a sensitive issue related to faith would hurt the feelings of crores of Muslims. The maulana said that from Islamic point of view making a film on such Islamic personalities is 'un-Islamic' and it was unjust on the basis of humanity and faith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15012735", "title": "Now, a robot with human emotions", "text": "London: Scientists have edged closer to their goal of creating a human-like robot as they have designed one that can display dozens of human emotions ranging from happiness to fear.The female robot has been aptly named as FACE. Drawing on 30 years of research, scientists from the University of Pisa, have built a robot that uses 32 motors in her face to simulate different expressions, to the point where a it looks almost realistic enough to pass for a human. The team, led by doctoral student Nicole Lazzeri from Pisa, modelled the robot on one of the team's wives - and the team says 'it's very realistic' , reported the Daily Mail.The team used software which has been built up in 30 years to mimic human emotional responses.The robot tells the motors how to respond in order to recreate a look, and the software can mix the various emotions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15012177", "title": "Showers lead to spurt in viral cases", "text": "A number of children with viral fever are reporting to city hospitals these days. The initial symptoms are high fever with running nose and sore throat. Microbiologists say viral infections are caused due to high humidity which increases transmission of viruses. In fact, fungi and virus content in the air decreases when it rains and only when the rain ceases and temperature soars, does the transmission gets higher.\"After the rains, it gets very messy. And unhygienic surroundings contribute to the spread of many diseases,\" said Dr Aman Aggarwal, a city- based physician.Stomach infections and typhoid cases are also on the rise. \"What is generally taken casually is a viral infection. In fact parents should not give antibiotics to children suffering from viral infection, as these are only meant for bacterial infection,\" said Dr R S Bedi, a paediatrician. In addition to viral infections and flu, those prone to upper respiratory tract infections including asthma and bronchitis are also being reported in city hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012064", "title": "Suspect in Kerala temple theft arrested in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The Kerala police on Monday arrested a man in Pune for allegedly stealing the crown and jewels of lord Krishna from the Sreekrishna Swamy temple at Mavelikkara in Alappuzha district on July 3.A magisterial court has issued a transit warrant to produce Reju Karthikeyan alias Reju Bhavanam (21) of Nooranadu village in Mavelikkara taluka before a Mavelikkara court by July 20.After the theft at the temple, devotees had held huge demonstrations there, forcing the police to solve the case on a priority. Reju's associate, Sajit Kumar of Trivandrum, had earlier been arrested. The Kerala police managed to trace Reju, whose fingerprints were found at the site of the crime, to Pune after they intercepted his cellphone.A six-member police team headed by Mavelikkara police station house officer Jose Mathew came to Pune and, with the help of the Pune crime branch, arrested Reju near the general post office at 8 am.Speaking to TOI, Mathew said that Reju had used a microphone stand to climb to the temple roof and enter the temple. He had stolen jewellery worth lakhs of rupees. The police also seized Reju's bag with the stolen loot from Vaibhav jewellery shop at Marketyard.Investigations have revealed that Reju had spent his childhood in Pune and, after the theft, had come to the city to sell the jewellery and meet his relatives. He has seven cases registered against him with police stations at Alappuzha, Pathanamthritta. Trissur and Kollam in Kerala, Mathew said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "15014773", "title": "Russian spacecraft with Sunita Williams onboard docks at International Space Station", "text": "HOUSTON: Record-setting Indian-American cosmonaut Sunita Williams along with two other astronauts docked their Russian spacecraft at the International Space Station on Tuesday for a four-month stay.46-year-old NASA astronaut Williams, Russian Soyuz Commander Yuri Malenchenko and Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency flight engineer Akihiko Hoshide arrived at the ISS after two days in orbit.The trio docked its Soyuz TMA-05M spacecraft to the Rassvet module at around 10.21am, NASA said in a statement.The crew took off to the ISS successfully from Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on July 15 for a four-month long mission to the space stationThis is the second space mission for Sunita Williams. She also holds the record of the longest spaceflight -- 195 days -- for woman space travellers.The crew, which will return home in mid-November, is expected to conduct over 30 scientific missions during their stay aboard the ISS.Williams, Malenchenko and Hoshide will join current station residents Commander Gennady Padalka and Flight Engineers Joe Acaba and Sergei Revin when the hatches open a little over three hours later.The hatches between the Soyuz and the Rassvet module will open in about 2-1/2 hours, and Commander Gennady Padalka and Flight Engineers Joe Acaba and Sergei Revin will greet their new crewmates.Williams, a flight engineer on the station's Expedition 32 crew, will take over as commander of Expedition 33 on reaching the space station.The six-member crew also will conduct a welcoming ceremony with family and mission officials then undergo a safety briefing.The launch and docking of Expedition 32 coincides with the 37th anniversary of the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project, the first docking of an American spacecraft with a Russian spacecraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010704", "title": "IIM-Ahmedabad professor to help security forces beat work stress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A faculty at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) will help Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Border Security Force (BSF) battle the enemy within - stress and fatigue.The Union ministry of home affairs (MHA) has roped in Dheeraj Sharma, associate professor at IIM-A, as a consultant to devise a plan for occupational stress management among paramilitary forces. As a part of the project, Sharma is carrying out a countrywide study to find out the reasons behind the stress.\"I am talking to CRPF and BSF personnel at various locations across the country to ascertain the factors behind stress in the paramilitary forces. There are about five lakh people in these forces. The study focuses on occupational stress and the reasons for attrition,\" Sharma told TOI. The outcome of the study will be released in September.Attrition levels are reported to have increased in the paramilitary forces with many officials either resigning or taking voluntary retirement. Several cases of suicide are reported in the paramilitary forces owing to various reasons like domestic and personal problems, depression , marital discord and financial issues.In the past, the home ministry had institutionalized stress management measures including counselling by seniors, lectures by religious teachers and yoga among other ways to beat stress. In order to prevent resignation and suicide cases, the government has also taken steps towards offering timely leave to personnel, providing family accommodation, developing infrastructure for better living conditions and proving communication network to all border outposts for smooth telephonic conversation with family.Further to submission of the report, which will be released at MHA's discretion, Sharma will also suggest measures to bust mental, emotional and psychological problems that the forces develop while on duty.\"The data collection through the study will be completed in two months,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011297", "title": "Three homes robbed of booty worth Rs 3.5 lakh in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: In separate incidents, burglars broke into three houses and decamped with cash, gold and diamond studded valuables worth Rs3 lakh.On Sunday night, burglars sneaked into the second floor of the two-storey house belonging to Manoj Jejani in Itwari. Jejani and his family were sleeping in their rooms on the ground floor when the burglars decamped with cash Rs1.30 lakh and diamond jewellery, totally worth Rs2.50 lakh, kept in the almirah.Jejani, who owns a paper shop, noticed the burglary on Monday morning and alerted Tehsil police. Cops took finger prints and registered a case.In two other incidents, cash and gold ornaments worth Rs1 lakh were stolen from the jurisdiction of Hudkeshwar police station.On Sunday night, Vitthal Thote, a resident of Sanman Nagar, had gone to his relative's house. He noticed the burglary on Monday morning when he returned.In the other incident, Awdhoot Nagar resident Dulichand Masked and his family had been to Chandrapur for a family function when thieves broke open the lock of the main door and entered the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15011640", "title": "Cable ropeway proposed for Trimbak pilgrims", "text": "NASHIK: The Public Works Department, Nashik (North) has planned to construct a ropeway from Brahma Savitri temple to Gangadwar, (the Godavari origin also called Ganga of the south), for pilgrims visiting Trimbakeshwar, since the climb involves a steep 750 steps on Brahmagiri hill.The decision was taken bearing in mind the heavy rush of pilgrims visiting Gangadwar, many among whom are elderly persons. The PWD proposal for the cable ropeway has been sent to the administrative department for review.\"The trekking route to Gangadwar is very steep, although steps have been carved for the safety of visit pilgrims. Yet, the climb is exhausting. Hence the proposal for the installation of a cable-ropeway system. However, the plan will be to install the facility this has been planned to be constructed on a build-operate-transfer (BOT) basis, In principle, the proposal has been sanctioned by which has been, in-principle, sanctioned by the special BOT-cell. The samehas also been sent for administrative approval,\" PWD executive engineer, S M Chikhalikar said. Since the construction will be based on a BOT modelit is BOT-based, no government funds would be earmarked for the project which is expected to be completed within 24 months from the date of sanction.The cable-ropeway will have suspended cabins to pick up pilgrims from the base in Trimbakeshwar town. The planning of the ropeway will be done such in the manner that it does not affect the aesthetics of the beauty of thetown officials said. , and the tehsil, which has been announced as a regional park, officials have said.While the project is not part of Kumbhmela preparations, nevertheless it is likely to be completed before the religious festival begins enabling pilgrims coming to the region for the Kumbh to also benefit from the facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010492", "title": "Aarushi murder case: SC notice to CBI on Nupur's bail plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notice to CBI on dentist Nupur Talwar's plea seeking bail in the double murder case of her daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj. A bench of Justices A K Patnaik and J S Khehar agreed to hear her bail plea and asked the agency to file its response on her petition. The bench posted the matter for further hearing on August 6.Nupur, who has been in jail since her surrender before the Ghaziabad court on April 30, had moved the apex court challenging the Allahabad HC's order which had on May 31 dismissed her plea for bail. The trial court had on May 2 rejected Nupur's bail application. She had surrendered before the trial court following a stern direction from the SC, which had also refused to stay the non-bailable warrant issued against her by the lower court on her failure to appear despite issuing of summons.Aarushi was found dead in her bedroom at the Talwar's residence in Jalvayu Vihar, Noida, on the intervening night of May 16-17, 2008. The body of Hemraj was found on May 17 on the terrace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15012131", "title": "DMK chief drops Eelam demand from Tamil Eelam Supporters Organisation meet", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after Union home minister P Chidambaram met him, DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Monday said the demand for Eelam (a separate Tamil land in Sri Lanka ) will not be part of the agenda at the conference of the recently revived Tamil Eelam Supporters Organisation (TESO) in Chennai on August 12.\"It's different to have an opinion on a separate Eelam, but we don't intend to put it up as a topic for discussion at the conference and create any confusion,\" Karunanidhi told reporters. He said the conference was called to discuss various solutions to the problems faced by Tamils in the island nation and ensure a livelihood for them. The Times of India reported on Monday that the home minister conveyed to Karunanidhi the UPA government's displeasure over the Eelam demand being included in the conference.Dismissing the report that the Eelam issue figured in discussions with Chidambaram during their brief interaction on Sunday, Karunanidhi said, \"Chidambaram met me because he was in Chennai. We did not discuss politics at all.\" He sought to justify his move saying, \"It is only democratic that we consult with other leaders on what they feel about a separate Eelam. We don't intend to have any protests demanding it. As of now, the priority is to ensure safety and good living for Sri Lankan Tamils.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15012191", "title": "Waterlogging chokes Kanpur, makes life miserable", "text": "KANPUR: The heavy monsoon rains occurring periodically have caused severe waterlogging in various parts of the city. Interior areas of the city, including Jajmau, Lal Bangla and Ramadevi are the worse hit by rains where waterlogging has led to collapse of some old and 'kaccha' houses. Also, the rainwater has entered several houses and made living miserable in the wards.Locals say four hutments/kaccha houses collapsed in Raidas Vihar Basti in Lalbangla area due to heavy rains on Sunday night. The residents claimed that they made continuous complaints regarding chocked drains and nullah in the area, but neither the ward corporator nor the municipal authorities paid any heed. \"Mine as well as my brother's houses collapsed in rains on Sunday night. The rains caused heavy loss to all of us as water has ruined our entire house,\" said Shanker, a resident of Raidas Vihar.Similar words were echoed by Nazeer, Mitthu and Rajan as well whose houses too collapsed in rain and thunderstorm. The locals alleged that ward corporator did not listen to them when they they went to him with their complaints.The condition of the area can be gauged from the fact that all the food items stored in the hutments of these poor people has been washed away. The people in the area are forced to sleep on soggy ground and have nothing to eat. Later in the afternoon, when the locals directly contacted the municipal commissioner, he sent a squad to clean the chocked drains and nullah in the area. The cleaning process started in the afternoon and was going on till the time of filing this report.Similar scenario was witnessed at Deviganj area and near Chakeri Air Force Station as well where the condition was even worse as the water which entered into the houses was not of rains but that of chocked sewer and drains. The people in the area are forced to shift to their relative's houses. Those who are living there are reeling under various fungal and viral infections caused due to living in poor sanitary conditions.Apart from these interiors areas, places like Pokharpurwa, Shankaracharya Nagar and Devki Nagar too witnessed heavy waterlogging. Reports of waterlogging also came from posh localities like Saket Nagar, VIP Road, Afeemkothi, Juhi Gumti Marble Market, Kidwai Nagar, etc.At many places, the watergged roads also caused traffic jams. The vehicle owners remained stuck up in jam for house in the areas. Worst was the condition of the Kidwai Nagar locality where rainwater had made roads so slippery that locals slipped and received injuries.The people were either forced to pass through flooded roads or else had to take a longer route. A major reason for traffic jam was the vehicles which went out of order while passing through the flooded roads. As a result, the vehicles were left stranded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15011546", "title": "Traffic trouble as landslide hits Narve-Pilgao road", "text": "KERI: Heavy rainfall all of Monday caused a landslide on the Narvem-Pilgao road, blocking traffic. Deputy collector of Bicholim Narayan Gad, joint mamlatdar Gurudas Desai and other officials visited the site and inspected the landslide. Speaking to mediapersons, Gad said, \"As the road is unsafe, I have directed the PWD and panchayat officials to inform the public about the landslide and close the road. The hurdles will be removed at the earliest and road will be made safe again.\"In order to connect Pilgao to Narvem, a road was constructed by cutting laterite boulders at the Vargao hamlet. However, during heavy rainfall, as the laterite boulders are porous, this results in landslides. This time around, a portion of the laterite boulders collapsed, thereby creating hurdles on the main road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011786", "title": "Lucknow University abuzz with activities after two months", "text": "LUCKNOW: After a hiatus of around two months, the Lucknow University campus was seen alive on Monday. With a bagful of hopes, freshers spent majority of time searching their classrooms and finding the time table.Excitement was in air, but apprehensions ruled students' minds, as they began their college life. On the other hand, day one was an opportunity for student leaders to seek support from newcomers.The LU began its new academic session on Monday. While the first year students clubbed with their school mates and walked in groups, second and final year students were delighted to meet their friends after a long time. The canteens 'samosas' and 'chai' created the perfect environment. Unlike earlier sessions, the freshers wore their identity cards while taking a look on the campus.For convenience of the students, guide maps were put up at some places. But this was of little use as most of the new comers spent their day in finding their classrooms. Those who even found were unhappy as almost no classes took place. In turn, they were seen sitting on the staircases of their respective departments. The worst were arts and science faculty. Some introductory classes did happen in commerce. Among few teachers who took classes was city mayor Dinesh Sharma. Students were troubled as in many departments; teachers were missing while in others, they were not given proper information about the classes.Early in the morning, members of Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarti Parishad ( ABVP) took a round of the campus. According to them, in science faculty, some classes were held in botany, geology department whereas chemistry, physics, mathematics and statistics, computer science, astronomy, genetics and others were deserted. In fact, many departments did not even had a time table. Almost no classes took place in the arts faculty.Despite anything, newcomers looked happy. \"University life is a new experience. It's a freedom from homework, from wearing uniform. It makes us feel like a free bird,'' said Urvashi Chaturvedi, a first year arts student. Similar sentiments came from other students too.To ensure all goes on well, proctor Prof Pawan Agarwal along with members of proctorial board took a round of the campus. They checked the identity cards of the students. Those who did not carry an ID card were given respite after they showed their fee receipt. University vice-chancellor, Prof Manoj Mishra too took a round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15010373", "title": "She paints her way to London", "text": "KOCHI: It took some time or more precisely 40 years for Vidya Ranjith, a homemaker from Kannur, to realize her true calling. But in five years, Vidya, who transformed herself with a brush in her hand and a passion for drawing, is ready to go international.The 45-year-old, who held her maiden exhibition in Durbar Hall Art Gallery in the city a few years ago, is all set for her first international show at The Nehru Centre Art Gallery in London , scheduled to begin on September 17. And she is only three exhibitions down!Speaking to TOI over the phone about her upcoming international art expo from Kannur, Vidya was predictably excited about her upcoming show, and was in the process of packing and shipping 30 paintings in mixed medium to London.\"I was married when I was 20. I haven't taken any formal education after that. My courage to draw came from the constant support given to me by my children and husband, Ranjith Kumar. They have been patient, seeing me through my experiments, right from scribbling lines to making a mess of the acrylic paint on the floor of our house!\" Vidya, who has a B.Sc degree, says with a chuckle.But her shows have all been hits, with most of her works from previous shows bought by art connoisseurs from South Africa , France and England.While experimentation seems to be a keyword for her, she has never stuck to any particular style of painting. But the largely self-taught artist has done extensive research on Pablo Picasso , and her painting style seems to have elements of works from the master. One of her paintings, 'Manifestations' even reminds one of Picasso's Les Demoiselles d'Avignon 1907 (The Young Women of Avignon). Picasso like many noted artist drew what he saw, says Vidya, who is also inspired by what surrounds her. \"All my art work is women centric, without much conscious effort. My first child and daughter Aksa and my mom have all been inspirations for me,\" she says Nature and more evidently flowers also have an affect on her. Almost all her paintings carry flower or nature motifs. \"Gardening, much like painting, has influenced me, maybe that has reflected upon my work,\" says this homemaker, who wants a garden bigger than her house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011776", "title": "31,285 clear PhD entrance examination", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University, Faizabad announced the results of Common Entrance Test for admission to various doctoral programmes. Out of 84,553 who took the exam in 38 subjects, as many as 31,285 were declared successful.While no candidate passed in Sanskrit subject, 4,853 out of 7,067 qualified in history subject. In management, a total of 2,899 were declared successful out of 4,993 who took the exam. In commerce, out of 2,294 candidates, as many as 1,256 cleared the exam. In Hindi, 2,900 out of 6,097, in English 1,204 out of 3,243 and 1,023 out of 1,208 in law, cleared the examination. In life sciences 3,281 out of 8,575, while 1,478 out of 3,174 in geography and 373 out of 679 in mass communication were declared eligible.RMLAU registrar SK Shukla said, \"In a week, the qualified candidates will be issued an eligibility card. This will contain his/her marks in two papers with an eligible status. With this, the candidates can apply in various universities. The universities will then prepare a merit list and admit students accordingly.\"CET was held on June 1 in 12 cities. tnnTo qualify the test, candidates had to secure minimum 40% marks in each paper and minimum of 50% marks in aggregate. Uttar Pradesh government on August 26, 2011 announced that admissions to Doctorate of Philosophy (PhD) will be done through a CET. The decision was taken as per the recommendation of University Grants Commission (UGC) to hold subject-wise common entrance test for PhD courses. The major reason for holding CET was to enable students to apply for admission in all state universities through one application form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15012834", "title": "JD(U) to back Jaswant Singh for VP", "text": "PATNA: The JD (U) has decided to support senior BJP leader Jaswant Singh for election to the post of Vice-President following a 'broad agreement' among all the NDA allies. Singh will be pitted against UPA nominee Hamid Ansari in the August 7 election.Chief minister Nitish Kumar , who initially favoured backing Ansari, explained on Monday, \"Unlike the presidential election, there is broad agreement among the NDA allies for the vice-presidential election.\" He said JD (U) was a part of the NDA and denied any rift with the BJP.To a query if the NDA is sure of victory of its nominee in the vice-presidential election, Nitish said, \"Those who enter the battlefield do not bother about victory or defeat.\" However, he reiterated that the election of VP should not be linked to presidential election. The JD (U) had broken ranks with BJP while deciding to back UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee .On Sunday, presidential aspirant and BJP-supported candidate P A Sangma came here but the CM went out of the state capital. On Sangma's appeal to the JD (U) to support him, Nitish said, \"When a person contests election, he is supposed to ask for votes from everyone.\"The CM appeared unhappy over the comments of a JD (U) spokesman about a minister of the BJP and said the spokesmen should speak only on issues and desist from commenting on any individual, that too in derogatory terms which lead to controversy and tension.In view of deficiency in rain across the state, the CM said from July 16, subsidized diesel was being distributed through camps and the electricity board has been directed to supply uninterrupted power for 6 to 8 hours for agricultural purposes. A contingency plan is being made for alternate crops under the guidance of agriculture adviser Mangla Rai, he added.Another contingency plan for kharif crops has been made and the officials of irrigation, minor irrigation and energy departments will hold meeting with development commissioner every alternate day to take stock of the situation of rainfall and irrigation sources. The power board will quickly replace non-functional transformers, the CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15013641", "title": "Homebuyers fret as prices likely to go up", "text": "Even though the high court order could probably go a long way in improving the water table of the city, the ultimate price would have to be borne by those who have purchased flats from the private builders.Home buyers are apprehensive that the order might push the delivery deadlines further and they might have to bear the final cost escalation for real estate projects.\"Prices are bound to go up in the name of construction material and labour costs which are bound to be passed on to the consumers. Since the court has clearly stated that it would not be easy for builders to get new licenses, I am afraid the impact will be felt on the buyers of existing projects. Apart from cost escalation, existing projects could also get delayed as water is needed for construction purpose,\" said Deepak Gupta, who has booked two flats in Gurgaon.\"The price hike and delays would only add to our burden to stay in rented accommodations till such time,\" said Vineet Setia, another buyer.According to Sonia Vaid, a broker, the city has a lot of appetite for buying property, especially by investors. \"Prices of some apartments in Gurgaon have increased over four fold in the last seven years, and the prices of plots even more so,\" she said. \"The smaller players reach out to cities away from NCR, where buyers get only sporadic news of real estate in NCR, and are more likely to fall for the dream of buying a property in the region without really understanding the real merit of the builder,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15011477", "title": "Rally to promote anti-corruption arrives in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Arthakranti (economic revolution) Pratishthan's Samarpan Yatra (economic revolution rally) that began on July 15 at Aurangabad arrived in the city on Monday at 10am at Aurangabad Naka. Two hundred volunteers from Nashik joined 125 volunteers from Aurangabad in the rally initiated by industrialists, economists, the working class and students of India and presented a memorandum to the district collector.At 12pm the volunteers marched from Hotel Royal Heritage at Old Mumbai-Agra Road, to the old city, M G Road, Hutatma Smarak and then to the district collector's office to present a memorandum of their demands for a society free of corruption and discrimination and for a a corruption-free, discrimination-free society and dignified life.The rally is a national movement to promote a Five Point agenda (see box) apart from highlighting the dissatisfaction of unhappiness towards handling of various corruption issues and the collapsing economy of the country.\"We have not included any politicians in our movement and have not taken any monetary help from anyone. Everyone has contributed from their his/her own pocket and we have also requested people to accept monetary gifts they receive at weddings and other ceremonies and donate the amount for the cause,\" said Milind Kulkanri, Arthakranti's Nashik representative. Anil Bokil, chairman and trustee of the organization spoke of how crores of Indians can bring about a change. what change 121 crores of Indians can bring about. The rally of was initiated by economists, industrialists, the working class and students of India.The group of volunteers will proceed to New Delhi to meet former president APJ Abdul Kalam , another group will proceed to Haridwar to meet Baba Ramdev, one group to Bengaluru to meet spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar and one to Ralegan Siddhi to meet anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare . The volunteers are meeting these people to request their support and guidance to guide them.Arthakranti intends to bring all the four mentors on a single platform on 16th August in New Delhi. The rally from Nashik will go to Delhi via Gujarat, Rajasthan and Chandigarhand then to New Delhi . All the four groups will be reaching their respective destinations on August 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011393", "title": "High level panel set up to coordinate on security matters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Looking for ways to increase efficiency and effectiveness of the country's various law enforcement agencies, the Centre has set up a committee for effective coordination among the agencies and to identify strategic technologies required in security-related areas.The committee, called Strategic Security Technology Coordination Group (SSTCG), will deal with counter-terrorism, border security, ports and aviation security among other sectors.The group, comprising 10 members, will also study and suggest new technologies for emergency preparedness and response, biological, radiological and chemical agent prevention and for gathering domestic and foreign intelligence.The committee, headed by a joint secretary in the home ministry, will have members from Intelligence Bureau, NTRO, department of telecom, external affairs ministry, communications and I-T ministry and National Information Centre.The committee will identify adequately tested technologies in India and abroad to support the operational needs of security agencies and law enforcement agencies and for fulfilling the special technology needs of the state police and paramilitary forces.Besides identifying the technologies, the committee will also assist these agencies in selection and adoption of such technologies, a government order said, adding the SSTCG would foster technology research and development in the government and private sector.With an initial term of two years, the committee will work to build and strengthen cooperation between security agencies and technology developers and providers.The SSTCG will also review all types of scanners, full truck scanner, information and communication technology for security agencies. A special emphasis would be laid on supervisory control and data acquisition which generally refers to industrial control systems where computer systems monitors and control industrial, infrastructure, or facility-based processes.The government has allowed the committee to co-opt other experts based on their special knowledge of the subject from central and state governments or private sector as well, the order said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010503", "title": "JNNURM works come under scanner", "text": "HYDERABAD: Works worth thousands of crores taken up under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) by Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) and municipal corporations of Vizag and Vijayawada are now under the lens.With the allegations flying thick about tender procedures being thrown to the winds in awarding works under JNNURM and about deviations in some works, the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department has constituted a technical committee to scrutinize all the works between Rs 2 crore and Rs 10 crore. The committee has been formed with the engineer-in-chief (ENC) of public health department, ENC of GHMC, chief engineer of AP Urban Finance and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APUFIDC) and director (Technical) of HMWS&amp;SB.; It has been asked to submit its report before July 28 to the managing director of APUFIDC.Officials said 253 projects worth about Rs 12,000 crore were sanctioned under JNNURM of which Rs 4,000 crore were sanctioned in Hyderabad alone. The GHMC has grounded 26 projects worth about Rs 2,200 crore under Urban Infrastructure and Governance and Basic Services for Urban Poor.As per orders issued by the state government, works above Rs two crore should be approved by the Commissioner of Tenders (CoT) and works above Rs 10 crore be taken up under Engineering Procurement Contract (EPC) method.APUFIDC, the nodal agency for JNNURM works in the state, discovered that certain works were awarded without following the rules and there were deviations. For example, the GHMC got about Rs 44 crore for construction of retaining walls from Moosarambagh to Chaderghat and sectioning of the Musi under the Save Musi project. However, the municipal corporation diverted the funds and constructed rubber dams. It later revised the project cost to Rs 60.13 crore.\"The committee will scrutinize each work and see whether tender procedures were followed or not. If the work has already been grounded, the technical committee will look into the quality aspect of it. If there is no fault with the contractor, the work will be regularised by the government based on the recommendation of the panel and action will be taken against the officials concerned,\" APUFIDC MD Y Madhusudhan Reddy said. GHMC officials claim the GOs issued for following tender procedures were not applicable to the civic body. \"As per the GHMC Act, the commissioner can approve tenders and a GO has been issued by the MA&UD; department in this regard in 2003 itself,\" GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010223", "title": "More rain likely in next 2 days", "text": "HYDERABAD: Overcast weather conditions will continue for the next 48 hours in the state. Met officials said that the south west monsoon has been active over Telangana and vigorous over Rayalaseema and under the prevailing weather conditions, the state capital will be among several parts of the state that are likely to experience widespread showers over the next two days.Officials attributed the existing pleasant weather to a trough that runs from Chhattisgarh to south Tamil Nadu across Telangana and Rayalaseema. The maximum temperatures across the region have dropped by 2-3 degrees. Hyderabad recorded a maximum of 28.5 degrees Celsius on Monday that is two degrees below normal. \"We are expecting fairly widespread rains throughout AP over the next 48 hours. There is no warning for heavy rainfall though,\" said an official. On Monday, the city received 0.1 mm rainfall at Met Office, Begumpet.The met forecast for Tuesday is an overcast sky with the maximum and minimum temperatures hovering around 29 and 22 degrees respectively. \"Rain or thunder showers would occur,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15012602", "title": "CAG picks up holes in govt spending", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has submitted its report for the year 2010-11 to the state legislature. The important findings of the reports were shared by the Principal AG with media on Monday.Among various issues that have been mentioned in the report, prominent relates to performance audit on construction, modernization and maintenance of state tubewells. The reports mentions that of the total net irrigated area of 1.31 crore hectare in the state, tubewells irrigate only 0.04 crore hectare (3%) area.The performance audit disclosed failure of proper and required scrutiny of the project cost at E-in-C as well as at the government level, led to avoidable creation of liability of interest bearing loan of Rs 1.60 crore. The department purchased heavy machines costing Rs 3.06 crore without obtaining administrative and financial sanction from the government. It further says that liability of Rs 177.06 crores was pending on account of electricity charges. Installation of 828 low capacity pump sets resulted in short utilisation of irrigation potential in 0.41 lakh hectare. Saving of Rs 6.12 crore was also not surrendered, mentions the report.Remarkably, if the government would have opted for metered billing, an amount of Rs 245.49 crore could have been saved, mentions the CAG report.On the issue of audit on preparedness of computer-based management information system in irrigation programme, the report mentions that even after spending Rs 68.97 crore (January, 2012) and after expiry of about 10 years, the progress of implementation of computer based MIS in the irrigation department was far from satisfactory.Till date (January 2012), not a single module, out of 26 modules, has been put to use, though these modules were handed over to the department, by the vendor, between September and November 2009, besides the hardware procured in October 2004, also became outdated. Department also failed to protect the system/data from any disaster.On the status of infrastructure facilities and teaching aids in government primary and upper primary schools in Ghazipur and Gautam Budh Nagar, the report mentions that universalisation of elementary education was affected due to non-availability of sufficient number of teachers, inadequate infrastructure facilities like toilets, separate toilets for girls, safe and adequate drinking water, mid-day-meal (MDM), sports grounds, computer facilities, seating arrangements, free text books, uniforms, training of teachers, library facilities and electrification in the government primary and upper primary schools.\"Despite availability of sufficient class rooms, improved Teacher-Student Ratio, MDM and other facilities, the government was not able to enhance enrolment, contain or restrict the dropout rate of children from the schools,\" mentions the report.With regards to chief controlling officer-based audit of horticulture and food processing department, the major audit findings include the perspective plan for the entire period (2006-11) was not prepared and Annul Action Plans for 2006-11 were prepared without inputs from district/field level agencies, resulting in fixing up of unrealistic targets.Against the plan budget provision (2006-11) of Rs 559.01 crore, the state government released only Rs 327.71 crore (59%). Likewise, against the approved outlay (2006-11) of Rs 669.83 crore, GoI released only Rs 322.05 crore (48%) and the department could utilise only 53 to 87 % of the available funds.Failure of the department to utilise the original allotment resulted in non-release of approved outlay in the subsequent years. It also mentions that an avoidable expenditure of Rs 1.17 crore was incurred (2008-11) on purchase of Garlic seeds.An amount of Rs 43.60 crore, parked in PLA (2007-09), was booked as final expenditure. In March 2009, Rs 23.90 crore was withdrawn from PLA and deposited into the revenue head and irregular assistance of Rs 8.88 crore was provided to the beneficiaries for vegetable seed production, said the report among other objection in the same issue.On various other significant observations of compliance audit, the reports mentions some non-compliance with rules and regulations which include transfer of 501.922 acre land to the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority without realising its full value led to a loss of Rs 2,632.19 crores. Likewsie, Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj Medical University, Lucknow demolished a heritage building in Lucknow and in its place constructed a new one at Rs 28.30 crores in disregard of the Ancient Monuments and Archeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15015217", "title": "Pawan Singh and Pakhi Hegde in Pyar Mohabbat Zindabaad", "text": "Super star Pawan Singh and actress Pakhi Hegde are once again coming together in Pyar Mohabbat Zindabaad. Pawan And Pakhi were previously seen in Devar Bhabhi .The film is being produced by lyricist turned producer Vinay Bihari. Pyar Mohabbat Zindabaad is a basically a love story with a tadka of action in it. Song recording of this film is now in progress. Other cast and crew is under finalization. Shooting of this film will start soon.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15011462", "title": "System of rice intensification technique to kickstart with fields in Quepem", "text": "MARGAO: The agriculture department has set a target of bringing 10ha of land under the SRI (system of rice intensification) technique of paddy cultivation in Quepem taluka during the current kharif season and the following rabi season. Agriculture officials are hopeful of the success of the new paddy cultivation technology in Quepem as the natural soil conditions of the hinterland areas are believed to be conducive for a rich yield.\"We have already conducted field-level demonstrations of SRI technology in Gokuldem village in Barcem panchayat area where we aim at covering an area of one hectare. Based on the results that we get here, we hope to convince farmers from the rest of the Quepem taluka to go in for this technology. As most of the paddy cultivation here is rain-fed and the soil topography in this village provides ideal conditions for utilizing this technique, we are confident that the farmers will soon adopt this technique,\" zonal agriculture officer (ZAO), Quepem, Shivram Gaonkar, told TOI.Explaining the basic management practices of SRI, Gaonkar said, \"Rice plant seedlings should be transplanted very young (usually just 8-12 days old) with just two small leaves, carefully and quickly to inflict minimum trauma to the roots. Transplantation should be done singly, with only one per hill instead of three-four together, to avoid root competition. Seedlings should be widely spaced to encourage greater root and canopy growth and transplanted in a square grid pattern.\"Agriculture officers said that the quality and health of the soil was the key to better production under SRI. Only a minimum amount of water is applied during the vegetative growth period, and thereafter only a thin layer of water is maintained on the field during flowering and grain-filling. Alternatively, to save labour and time, some farmers flood and drain (dry) their fields in three-five day cycles with good results.\"Such conditions are naturally available in the morod type of soil topography in Quepem taluka. The required seed rate is just 2kg for one acre of of paddy field. It is recommended to give seed treatment to the paddy seeds to kill various seed-borne diseases and to carry out weed management wisely. Research studies have shown a 50% increase in yield of the paddy crop under the SRI method,\" Vaibhavi Dessai, assistant agriculture officer, Quepem, said.Assistant agriculture officer Shariff Furtado added, \"Agricultural success depends thoroughly upon favourable climatic conditions. Agriculture is threatened not just by global warming but also by increased variability in temperature and rainfall, that are devastating to production. The recent trends of long dry spells in rainy season have forced people to be wary of this fluctuating weather mechanism, especially in Goa. Making crops more climate-proof is becoming an urgent need. Under such circumstances, the SRI as an innovation comes at an opportune time as we fine tune our strategy to face greater challenges in agriculture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011869", "title": "Electricity wires pose threat to people\u2019s safety", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Electricity wires of the main supply line at the site of construction of the overbridge in Sector 17 that are lying scattered around are posing a threat to people's safety. The high voltage wires can be seen lying across the site and its adjoining areas. And the area is being used as a temporary passage by hundreds of people to go from one side of Sector 17 to the other. The wires have to be shifted, as these are lying at the construction site.According to information, the civic body had submitted around Rs 69 lakh to UT's electricity wing on May 9 to shift the wires, but due to dilly-dallying by the latter, these wires are still lying in the open. An official of the MC's engineering wing said, \"We started our communication with UT's electricity wing in Feb, 2011 asking them to give financial estimate to shift the wires. They wrote back to us about an Rs 68.91 lakh estimate on March 28, 2012. We submitted the amount on May 9. But no work to shift the wiring has started though we have been sending reminders.\"With the rainy season having started, these naked wires are posing a threat to the general public as well as officials, and those working in commercial buildings, situated around the site in Sector 17 Subash Saini, executive engineer of UT's electricity wing said, \"The work to shift the wires has already been allotted. It could not start due to recent rains but it would be started very soon.\" The matter was also taken up in the monthly meeting of advisory committee by officers of the Chandigarh municipal corporation. And the reminders to UT's electricity wing to shift wires are still being sent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "abohar", "code": "15011883", "title": "Abohar-Fazilka railway link operational", "text": "ABOHAR: Abohar-Fazilka rail link finally got operational on Monday, fulfilling a very old dream of the people of Abohar and Fazilka. Minister of state for railways K H Muniyappa formally flagged off the first passenger train from Abohar railway station for Fazilka.With the opening of the track, activists of 'India against corruption', who have spearheaded a series of agitations to get the rail line operational, have called off their 64-day old dharna.Abohar and Fazilka, 42 kms apart, have been without a rail link all these years. In February 2004, the then railway minister, Nitish Kumar , had laid the foundation stone of a rail line and offered to open it by 2007. However, as the project got delayed, completion costs shot up to Rs 210 crore, from Rs 88 crore originally. The rail link will not only boost trade in the country's western border but also provide a swift mode of transport to the Army.Among others who were present at the flagging off ceremony included Punjab Congress legislature party leader Sunil Jakhar, MP Sher Singh Ghubaya , Guruharsahai MLA Rana Gurmit Singh Sodhi, northern railway general manager V K Gupta, and Ferozepur division deputy regional manager Naresh Chander Goyal among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15011564", "title": "Farooq Abdullah supports Barack Obama, separatists see red", "text": "SRINAGAR: The political establishment and those on its periphery here reacted differently to US President Barack Obama's comment on Sunday that only India and Pakistan can resolve the long-standing issue of Kashmir and that no third party intervention was called for.While ruling National Conference was overwhelmed by Obama's statement, hardliners like Syed Ali Shah Geelani said the US was revealing its double standards. Curiously, PDP chief Mufti Mohammad Sayeed chose to remain silent.Agreeing with Obama, Union minister Farooq Abdullah said this was precisely what NC stood for.\"We've always promoted bilateral talks over Kashmir and I urge both Pakistan and India to resolve the issue to save precious lives in the state,\" Farooq told reporters. \"The solution would emerge when two parties sit together.\"Moderate Hurriyat separatist Mirwaiz Umer Farooq said Obama's statement was in line with the Hurriyat's, but, he said, the US president missed including Kashmiris as party to the dispute. \"How can Kashmiris be ignored?\" the Mirwaiz asked.\"Moreover, APHC has never wanted intervention of any outside country. We've been asking the US to be a facilitator in the dialogue process. We urge the US to exercise its good offices to bring India, Pakistan and Kashmiris on the negotiating table,\" Mirwaiz said.But Geelani rejected Obama's statement saying, \"Is it because Kashmir is a Muslim majority region that the US doesn't want to intervene for a resolution?\"Yasin Malik, who gave up arms in 1993 to head the separatist Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front, said, \"I am shocked by Obama's statement. Kashmir is an international dispute and his words are like salt upon our wounds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13034557", "title": "Recipe: Raw mango chutney", "text": "Make a delicious a raw mango chutneyThis is the season for mangoes. You can savour both the ripe ones and raw ones. As raw mangoes are easily available now, you can make a delicious mango chutney. It's easy to make and in almost all traditional wedding feasts in Odisha during summer seaon, this generally figures in.While making this chutney, paanch phutan (a mixture of cumin seeds, fennel seeds, nigella seeds, fenugreek seeds, mustard seeds) adds a delightful flavour to this dish. It goes very well with a simple meal of rice, dal and chicken curry. The tangy taste of this mango chutney will make you long for more.Ingredients:Two raw mango in medium size (cut into cubes) Chopped Ginger pieces Chopped Green chilli - 1 A tea spoon of paanch phutan Turmeric powder --- a pinch Red chilli powder --- less than half tsp Salt, jaggery to taste Curry leavesMethod:Put oil in the kadhai. When the oil is hot, add paanch phutan. Then add finely chopped ginger, green chilli. Fry a little and then add curry leaves. After this, add the mango pieces and cover it for a while. Then add turmeric powder, red chilli powder, salt. Add water in the pan (the chutney needs to be a little thick. So, add water keeping this in mind.). Let it cook for a while. Then add jaggery. You can also add sugar but jaggery gives a more subtle flavour to the chutney. Allow it to simmer for a while till the chutney gets a thick consistency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15011419", "title": "Pre-fabricated shacks earn flak from owners", "text": "PANAJI: With the government having announced that it will introduce standardised structures in a new policy, shack owners have said that they will oppose government plans for pre-fabricated shacks.A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting of the Shack Owners Welfare Society (SOWS), to discuss the proposals to be submitted to the government for incorporation in the new policy.John Lobo, general secretary of SOWS, which has 317 members, told TOI, \"We have taken a decision not to allow pre-fabricated shacks. There is no space for a kitchen. In a pre-fabricated structure, you can't extend the kitchen, can't cook... can only warm food.\" They have also decided to oppose the idea of having centralized kitchens for clusters of 10-15 shacks.SOWS wants the government to implement a system for centralized collection of garbage through a garbage collection agency.Lobo said SOWS would put forth their concerns to chief minister Manohar Parrikar regarding the GSPCB stance that no shacks should be set-up until garbage management facilities were put in place.\"Why target only us? There is plastic and garbage all over the place,\" said Lobo.He felt vested interests were behind the move. \"Some five-star hotels have gotten together as they fear that with longer duration licences, shacks will be in a permanent place,\" said Lobo. He said SOWS would welcome portable bio-digester toilets on beaches for sanitation reasons and felt the tourism department should put these in place depending on the duration of the licence offered to the shack operators. If the government gives us 10 year licences then we can install them ourselves, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011931", "title": "TN ropes in Interpol for Pandya treasure hunt", "text": "CHENNAI: In an interesting twist to the ongoing court battle over the rumoured riches of the ancient Pandya dynasty lying in the vaults of Swiss banks, the Tamil Nadu government has decided to approach the Interpol to unravel the mystery.When a division bench comprising Justice P Jyothimani and Justice M Duraiswamy resumed hearing in the matter on Monday, special government pleader I S Inbadurai told the bench: \"We have decided to take the help of the Interpol to unravel the secrets surrounding the case and to contact Maya Patwardhan, who is settled in Switzerland.\" He said that the CB-CID has interrogated two persons - Maya's sister Vidya Patwardhan and her father Prabhakar Patwardhan - for three days.Maya is a crucial link in the mystery, as she had married a former Swiss banker, Giuseppe Leopoldo Cessina, who had struck a deal with N Jagannathan, a claimant to the properties of Sivagiri zamin (estate), the remnant of the Pandya empire. As per the agreement, Cessina was to get 5% of whatever money retrieved from the Credit Suisse Bank in Switzerland where the treasure is said to be lying. After Cessina's mysterious death in a road accident in Switzerland on June 16, Maya's sister Vidya landed before the court claiming she was the legal heir of Sivagiri zamin.In fact, it was her claim which prompted the judges to raise a question as to how could a Maharashtrian claim heirship of Sivagiri zamin. The bench also made it known to everyone in the court that it was aware of Vidya's proximity to some of the claimants of the Sivagiri legacy and that she had purchased a property worth about 2 crore on the East Coast Road in Chennai.Though Sivagiri zamin has several legal heirs who have initiated several civil suits, the present round of litigation started about five years after Jagannathan obtained a letter from the HC authorizing him to administer some of the properties. He presented a will, which he claimed was executed by the last zamindar of Sivagiri, Varagunarama Pandiyan, in his favour, and got it probated in the high court.Another legal heir, Padmini Rani, challenged the letter of administration given to Jagannathan and it was subsequently cancelled by the high court. Jagannathan filed an appeal. The bench has so far passed 10 orders directing Jagannathan and his counsel Chockalingam to return the original letter of administration. As the duo had failed to comply with the order, the bench is conducting contempt proceedings against them.On Monday, the bench put Chockalingam in the box for the second day. During his cross-examination, the advocate confirmed that he had issued 40 to 50 legal notices to property developers, stating that the property under their possession belonged to Sivagiri zamin and Jagannathan was the legal heir. The matter was adjourned to next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15010408", "title": "Kozhikode realty sector soars on expat wealth, local demand", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Signs of economic slowdown seems to have totally evaded the city's realty sector. In fact, in reality, it is the other way round. Fuelled by a flagging rupee, expatriates are busy snapping up properties in this tier III city. Industry sources say apart from the overseas lifeline thrown in by the expats, a robust local home market driven by the growing number of professionals have made the realty sector here one of the most promising and stable one in the state.The pace of expat investments in the city can be gauged from the fact that around 60% of the total realty offering in both residential and commercial segments are bought by them. According to M A Mehaboob, president of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI), Kozhikode chapter, there is a growing trend among Gulf expats to the send their families back home as soon as their children complete their schooling. \"With the availability of well-set educational institutes, health care and general quality of life, the city is fast becoming a preferred place for the expat families who are not comfortable living in villages,\" he said.However, what has helped the property scene flourish in the city is the balance between supply and demand of real estate properties. Unlike other major cities in the country, even with such a good demand, the city currently has less than 1,000 units up for sale. \"This healthy demand-supply ration has definitely helped the market. In fact, there will be a shortage of new units if new projects don't come up on time,\" said Mehaboob. New projects are much needed because the city is bracing up for a wave of job-induced inward migration likely to happen with the opening of two IT parks.With more and more professionals in the city embracing the concept of apartment living, the local buying of realty spaces too is going up. \"It has picked up in the residential sector as working couples consider flats as a major option for asset creation,\" said Dr K M Ashik, managing partner of Pentagon Builders.The price band of apartments in the city currently remains between Rs 2,800 to Rs 4,000 per sq ft. There has been at least a 30% rise in prices over the last two years due to new building regulations and the new government norms on floor area ratio. Also the increase in labour charges and material costs too has contributed to the price surge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011033", "title": "Two more arrested in Bhoyar murder case", "text": "NAGPUR: Imambada police on Sunday arrested two more for their role in eliminating liquor bar owner Pradeep Bhoyar last month. The latest arrest takes the number of people behind bars for the brutal murder to seven.The two persons arrested have been identified as Mangesh Sonule and Abhijeet Dhande, alias Pintya, who were part of the gang that stabbed Bhoyar to death over a monetary dispute. Pintya allegedly drove the autorickshaw in which the assailants came to Untkhana, where Bhoyar owned a bar. He was about to step into his car when the assailants launched the murderous attack on him.City's two topmost gangsters, Raju Vadre and Maroti Noah, too were questioned by the police as suspects but nothing transpired from the grilling. Police believe that an influential mastermind was behind the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011234", "title": "Left divided over supporting Hamid Ansari as Vice-President", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Left parties, barring RSP will support UPA vice-presidential candidate Hamid Ansari. RSP decided to abstain in presidential polls, too. The election to the vice-president's post will be held on August 7.CPM and Forward Bloc on Monday said they had decided to support Ansari, but RSP will abstain. The RSP though will take a final decision at its party secretariat meeting on July 29. The CPI will decide on support to Ansari at its central secretariat meeting on July 18.Ansari was a Left-sponsored vice-presidential candidate in UPA-1. Forward Bloc leader Debabrata Biswas said, \"I appeal to all Left and secular parties to support Ansari.\"Speaking to TOI, RSP chief T J Chandrachoodan said the party will not support a candidate supported by either the Congress-led UPA or the BJP-led NDA. \"Our rationale for not supporting Ansari and Pranab Mukherjee is the same. We are against policies of UPA-2. We can't support the government against whom we are agitating on the streets,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010518", "title": "HC against ruling on legal aid to mantris", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Monday refused to interfere with the state government's move to extend legal aid to five ministers who have been served notices by the Supreme Court in connection with the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case. A bench of acting Chief Justice PC Ghose and justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar said that the court would not step into the matter as the apex court was hearing the matter and allowed the petitioner to withdraw the plea.The bench observed that the ministers might have been called on to defend actions performed as part of their official duties. \"When your senior asks you to do a job, you have to do it. You cannot say no. Most of them, including the secretaries, must have been scared to say no,\" the bench said.When the counsel for petitioner and social activist OM Debara contended that the matter pertained to the continuous loot of public resources for a period of a full five years during the YS Rajasekhara Reddy regime, the bench asked him to desist from making public speeches in court. \"You may be garlanded by the people for this speech elsewhere. But the judges will not do that,\" the bench said.Debara was challenging the validity of the move to extend legal aid to the ministers in question even when the apex court had named them as respondents in their individual capacities. The counsel for the petitioner also suggested that the state government could compensate the ministers if they were let off by Supreme Court. Six ministers, Ponnala Lakshmaiah, J Geeta Reddy, Kanna Lakshminarayana, Dharmana Prasada Rao, Mopidevi Venkataramana and Sabita Indra Reddy, along with eight IAS officers, had been served notices by the apex court in connection with the issuance of 26 government orders that forms the crux of the illegal assets case.The petitioner had also drawn attention to how, among the six state cabinet members above, the chief minister had refused to extend the same legal help to former excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana. Also contentious, according to the petitioner, was the absence of any specified limit up to which the government was allowed to reimburse the legal expenses of the ministers and bureaucrats as the fees could vary between Rs 50,000 and Rs 50 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010461", "title": "Lorry hits school bus, 2 kids killed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two students were killed when their school bus was hit by a lorry at Kodikonda on the national highway in Bellakotturu mandal, Anantapur, in Anantapur district on Monday morning. Enraged over the incident, locals set the lorry on fire as the driver fled from the spot. The accident occurred near Kodikonda check post when the bus of Sri Sai Vidya Niketan carrying 81 students from nearby villages collided with the mini-lorry coming from the opposite direction. Two Class II students, Kishore and Sony , both seven years old, died on the spot. Eight students were severely injured and 40 others received minor injuries. The bus driver also sustained minor injuries but fled from the spot after the mishap.After the accident, students' unions activists, parents and locals staged a dharna on the NH disrupting traffic for five hours demanding action against the lorry driver. Tension escalated when the angry protestors torched the lorry. They enforced closure of the shops and stopped the vehicles. The situation was brought under control only after collector Durga Rao announced Rs 1 lakh ex-gratia and a government house each as compensation for the families of deceased.Locals said crossing on the highway has become a nightmarish experience for the commuters with several accidents taking place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "15011496", "title": "3 youths burnt alive in mini-bus in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: Three youths aged between 20 and 25 years were charred to death in a tragic accident when the mini bus they were travelling in caught fire in Alwar's Rajgarh police station area on Monday.Eight others either sustained burns or were injured in their attempt to jump off the burning bus. Police said that fire started from the air conditioner, but it turned into a major catastrophe following an explosion in the LPG cylinder lying in the bus.The three deceased have been identified as Hari Om (20), Bhura Sain (22) and Deepak Prajapat (25). While Hari Om belonged to Neemala village in Alwar, Deepak and Bhura hailed from Bawari Kheda village in Dausa district and Jodhpur respectively.According to the police, Hari Om ran a shop in Jodhpur. \"His friends were asking for a group party for a long time, so Hari Om offered to organize a sawamani (religious function) at a Hanuman temple at his native village Neemala. He and his friends were planning to visit various places in Alwar after before the function,\" said a police officer.He added that a group of about 20 people left for Neemala in the morning. \"After reaching Neemala, they gathered in the Hanuman temple and then left for purchasing the items to make food items for the function,\" said the officer.The officer said as soon as the bus left the place, a fire occurred from its air conditioner. \"It seems that a LPG cylinder was already lying in the bus, however, it is yet to be confirmed. Due to the gas, explosion took place and fire spread in no time,\" said the officer.Fire caused panic among the passengers and they jumped out of the bus. However, some got stuck and sustained severe burn injuries. Nearby residents could not enter the bus as it was going up in flames.Those who were sitting by windows jumped outside. The nearby residents and police rushed the victims to the hospital where three of them were declared brought dead. Three others including the bus driver Shankar Lal sustained burn injuries, while others were injured in their effort to jump out of the bus. \"We are yet to conduct the postmortem of the bodies,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15010216", "title": "Rajesh Khanna\u2019s fans pray for his recovery", "text": "INDORE: The fans of yesteryear Bollywood star Rajesh Khanna, popularly known as 'Kaka' of the Indian cinema, wished for his fast recovery. He has been admitted a hospital in Mumbai.The long journey of the first superstar of Bollywood had brought him to Indore once, when he had come to the city in the year 1993 to launch a magazine of a Hindi daily, and had spent some time here \"wo Indore aaye the aur bahot khubsurat shairi bhi ki thi,\" recalls Shriram Tamrakar, a 72-year-old media critic from Indore, adding \"he also gave a spellbinding speech on that occasion with a lecture on films and his visit wasn't a paid one\" says Tamrakar.Indore did not have many occasions of hosting the superstar but numerous Kaka fans. Arun Thackeray, a 46-year-old builder, film buff and fan of Khanna, says \"I don't think any other actor could ever manage to reach such height, he gave several hits in a row.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "joshi nagar", "code": "15012171", "title": "Tanu, Tanishq Kapoor spread joy on birthday", "text": "JOSHI NAGAR: On their 15th birthday this year, twins Tanu and Tanishq Kapoor, decided to bring bright smiles on other children's faces. Their birthday celebrations started with a visit to the Mother Teresa Orphanage where the teenagers donates toys and clothes along with money. This was followed by a party attended by family and friends.Children of banker Ajay Kapoor and homemaker Reena of Joshi Nagar, the teenagers said, \"We wanted to celebrate the day by doing our bit for the society and sharing birthday love and generosity with others.\" The excited duo added, \"Later, we hosted a party for friends and family at a restaurant in Civil Lines. The best part was that my grandmother Shanti Kapoor also attended the party. We together cut the cake and had yummy snacks, including pizzas, burgers, cheese chilli, spring roles, manchurian and ice cream.\"Class X students at KVM School, the twins added, \"We received many gifts from friends, including perfumes, goggles, books and bouquets. We plan to share these too with our less fortunate friends back at the orphanage.\" Gaurika Tibba, friend of Tanu and Tanishq, said, \"My birthday is also approaching and my friends have inspired me to celebrate the day by starting with charity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012059", "title": "'Technical' hitch delays release of seat allotment details", "text": "PUNE: The release of the seat allotment list for the Std XI centralised admission process (CAP) for junior colleges in the city and Pimpri-Chinchwad has been delayed owing to a \"technical hitch\", the CAP committee said in a statement issued on Monday.The list was initially scheduled to be released on July 18.A fresh date will be announced in a day or two, a CAP committee official said. \"The list may be out on July 20 or 21, depending on the time taken to sort out the existing problems,\" he said.In all, 64,380 seats have been declared for admission through the CAP for 2012-13. This includes 5,525 seats for the bifocal science stream, for which the counselling-based table round admissions concluded on July 9. The CAP committee has received 60,662 applications, including those for the bifocal seats.The official said, \"The task of feeding all the data into the computers for seat allotment has been assigned to a new agency, which has been experiencing some problems in understanding the various processes. This has delayed the release of the list.\"The CAP committee met on Monday to review the progress made by the agency in terms of data-feeding and application of the software for allotment of seats as per merit and statutory quota. During the review, the panel noticed a few discrepancies and decided to postpone the release to eliminate the errors, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014054", "title": "Kareena, Big B to share screen space after 8 years", "text": "Having stayed away from sharing screen space due to bitterness between the families, the actors will finally come together in Prakash Jha's next filmPrakash Jha has pulled off quite a casting coupe for his next film Satyagrah that starts rolling in Bhopal this December. The filmmaker has brought together Amitabh Bachchan and Kareena Kapoor - actors who were last seen in Govind Nihalani's 2004 film Dev and did not share a single scene even then.Since then, both Bachchan and Bebo have declined offers from filmmakers wishing to cast them together. Reportedly, Bachchan had categorically shot down Sanjay Leela Bhansali's idea of casting the actress in Black. Reason: The emotional turmoil both families went through after Bebo's elder sister Karisma broke off her engagement with Jr Bachchan, Abhishek.But time seems to have healed the wounds. With Abhishek and Karisma moving on in life, Sr Bachchan and Kareena too, have put their past behind.According to a source close to the film, unlike in Dev , Kareena and the Big B will have a lot of scenes together. \"In Satyagrah, Kareena plays Ajay Devgn's ladylove and Amitabhji his mentor. Kareena's character has strong views on politics and when she realises Devgn is going astray, stands up against him and his teacher,\" said the source.The source also mentioned that Kareena's character will perhaps be one of the most powerful leading ladies of Hindi cinema. \"She will share a interactive space with Bachchanji's character that will lend her immense power. After Madhuri Dixit in Mrityudand, Kareena in Satyagrah is perhaps the director's second strongest leading lady,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15012477", "title": "File counter affidavit, HC to state govt, district administration", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Monday, directed the state home secretary and the district administration Allahabad to file a counter affidavit in a writ petition, seeking relief that the police may not interfere in the peaceful arrangements and the facilities being provided to Kanwariya's during Shrawan (July-August).Passing this order on a writ petition filed by Prachin Maa Kali Mandir, Shanti Dham Vikas Adhyatmik Yog , Jhusi, Allahabad, the bench consisting of Justice Amitava Lala and Justice BKS Baghel asked the state council to see that Kanwariya's are not unnecessarily harassed during Shrawan month.The court also said, but at the same time the law and situation and the traffic movement is to be maintained by the state government as well as by the district administration.The court passed this order, when it was brought to the notice of bench through the writ petition that the district administration of Allahabad is interfering in the peaceful arrangements being made by the petitioner to facilitate the Kanwariya in Shrawan month.The Allahabad high court granted 10 days time to the state to seek instruction and file affidavit in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012173", "title": "Wang Marathwadi dam gates opened", "text": "PUNE: The gates of the Wang Marathwadi dam in Satara district will now be left open during the monsoon, following allegations by activists and organisations that the state government was going ahead with filling up the dam, even before rehabilitating 1,800 affected families.Activists and organisations had written a letter to state ministers of home and forests, urging them to immediately stop the filling up of the dam. They had pointed out that people from the dam-affected villages had been struggling for their rights for the past 15 years and 70% of the project-affected were still waiting to be rehabilitated.The letter is signed by Indavi Tulpule of Shramik Mukti Sangathana; Surekha Dalawi of Shramik Kranti Sangathan; Anjali Damaniya of India Against Corruption; Brian Lobo of Kashtakari Sangathan and Parineeta Dandekar, South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers &amp; People (SANDRP).\"We are extremely concerned to witness more and more dams coming up in Maharashtra, disregarding regulatory and procedural regulations, severely affecting local communities,\" reads the letter. \"The government should stop violation of constitutional rights and human rights by displacing, submerging people without full and proper rehabilitation and resettlement as per the Narmada package.\"Satara collector N Ramaswami told TOI that after a meeting with the activists the gates of the dam were opened on Saturday. \"We have assured the people that the water level will be maintained and this will prevent flooding. There will be no danger to life and property,\" he said.On rehabilitation, he said, \"We expect co-operation from the people too on rehabilitation. Fifteen years ago it was decided that the they would be rehabilitated so we will take it up and rehabilitation will be done phase-wise.\"Parineeta Dandekar said that it was a good decision to open the dam gates. The efforts of organisations like the National Alliance of People's Movements (NAPM), India Against Corruption and SANDRP, among others, have borne results.The Wang Marathwadi Dharangrast Kruti Samiti, affiliated to NAPM, started the Jal Satyagraha by planting seeds on the fertile river bed and refusing to let the crops drown in the water of the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15010334", "title": "July car sales start on a dull note", "text": "INDORE: Car sales in the city, like in other parts of the country, started on a dull note as the sales plummeted during July - the beginning of the second quarter. While some brands barely managed to keep up their sales target prominent brands like Maruti Suzuki registered a negative growth.The automobile industry watchers and car dealers in the city attribute the dip in sales to the hike in petrol prices and growing inflation. However, they expect the sales to take off by the festival season. The current fiscal has started off on a positive note in April.Aditya Kasliwal, dealer for Hyundai car in Indore, said, \"The first quarter was good for us as we were able to sell 50-55% of diesel version of models like Verna and i-20. However, the current month began on a dull note. The reason may be due to the problems over issue of high security number plates by the regional transport office and other issues. But, I do believe that things will improve in the days.\"Gopal Relwani, manager of Skoda showroom in Indore, told TOI, \"The quarter has been good for my company as we were able to achieve our target. While we were able to sell 30 units of Rabid a month on an average, we were able to sell other cars in good number too which include Superb (20), Fabia (45) and Laura (25).\"In the case of Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, the company is looking to a jump in sales by 25% as compared to the same period the last year when it sold 2500 units. Atul Sharma, a dealer of the company, said, \"The company witnessed a rowth of 19% on y-o-y basis during the period. We were able to sell good number of Bolero (400), Scorpio (250) and Xylo (125). The recently launched XUV 5OO already have already generated bookings for 800 units and 50 of them have been delivered too. The waiting period for the model in Indore was 10 months\".At Maruti-Suzuki, things are not going well as sales are down by 10% on y-o-y basis. Praveen Patel, director, Patel Motors, said, \"Though we have booked 300 units, we will be able to deliver them only after two and half months from now on due to the waiting period. The models like Swift and Swift Dzire are most popular among my customers\".However an official of the company claimed that the waiting period has come down to 8-12 weeks in case of swift now, whereas in case of Dzire it continues to be 16-20 weeks.Sanjay Soni, who has assumed his charge as RTO in Indore recently, said, \"A total of 4200 vehicles have got registered during the first three months of the current fiscal. Most of them are middle-segment cars.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15012671", "title": "Tipu Sultan\u2019s rocket court in ruins", "text": "Mysore: The valiant tales of 'Mysore Tiger' Tipu Sultan's tryst with rockets at a time technology was in its nascent stage in India are part of Indian history. Some of the remnants of that bygone era, the summer palace, Tipu's mausoleum etc, have been protected by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI). However, the rocket court, an elevated structure used by Tipu to store and launch rockets, is in a shambles now. No steps have been taken to protect the old structure, which, according to former President APJ Abdul Kalam, has enormous historical value. Kalam's direction to the Archaeology department to protect the structure, which has found mention in his book 'Wings of Fire', has also fallen on deaf ears. Tipu is believed to be the first person to develop rocket launching technology in India. He used this technology in Anglo-Mysore wars in 1780 and 1799. Strangely, both the ASI and state archaeology department claim that the structure \"does not belong to them.\"According to Tejaswi, ASI official, who is in-charge of Srirangapatanam monuments, only nine monuments, including the place where Tipu's body was found, summer palace, Tipu's mausoleum and Srirangapatana temple are the protected monuments of ASI. No other structure has anything to do with ASI, he said and added that he is not aware of the letters of Abdul Kalam. R Gopal, director of archaeology department, claimed the structure belongs to ASI only. \"ASI sits on the file of Tipu's gun house, which has been cleared by us for translocation, saying that it is in 300-metre radius of Ranganath Swamy temple, a protected monument under the control of ASI. Then why is it not protecting the rocket court located inside the fort? What the ASI has to say on the directions of APJ Abdul Kalam?\" he asked. He also expressed willingness to protect the structure if the ASI hands it over to the state archaeology department. Space scientist U R Rao who addressed a press conference here on Saturday as a prelude to the beginning of the week-long conference of the Committee on Space Research, also recalled the first use of rockets by Tipu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010885", "title": "Teen braved strong current, 1 feared dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 14-year-old boy's love for water and swimming has helped him save three people from drowning in a canal in Madanpur Khadar.On Sunday afternoon, a group of teenage boys of the area decided to take a dip in the canal. The water current was stronger than they imagined and soon four of the boys - Deepak Chauhan, Badal, Premi Kashyap and Pankaj - were pulled to the centre of the canal.\"We were enjoying in the water when we found ourselves in the middle of the canal where the current is strong. Since none of us could swim properly we started to drown,\" said Premi, 11, who is Sagar's cousin. \"I was the first one Sagar saved. He threw me a towel and pulled me out,\" he added.Sagar moved in to save Badal. He said he held the boy by the hand and started to swim to safety. \"It was difficult when I tried saving the third boy, Deepak. He was scared and he started clinging onto me. In the process he pushed me underwater. I dodged him underwater and came up from behind him and pushed him onto the side,\" said Sagar.Although Sagar understands that his leap into the canal was heroic, but the horror of the incident is writ large on his face. He regrets that despite his efforts, Deepak, 16, drowned. \"After rescuing Deepak, I swam back for Pankaj. When I returned with Pankaj, I was told that since no one was able to catch Deepak on the side he fell into the water again and drowned,\" said Sagar. Almost 20 hours later, cops were still searching for the 16-year-old's body in the canal.Deepak's father, Ranvir Singh, said he received the news of his son around 5.30pm. \"The neighbourhood lads informed me about my son and since then the search for him has been on. The cops had stopped the search at 2am in the morning and resumed it after sunrise,\" he said. While he still latches onto hope, Deepak's mother has gone into shock. Singh even though miserable over his son's fate, does acknowledge Sagar's effort in trying to save Deepak.Sagar, who was taught swimming by his father at the age of 6, carries bravery in his blood. His father Bhola, 42, who works as a fish trader on the Kalindi Kunj Ghat, is also known to have saved many devotees from drowning in the Yamuna.Sagar was awarded a commendation certificate and Rs 1,000 by the additional commissioner of police (Southeast district) for his bravery. A proud father Bhola says he wants to train his son in the Talkotara Stadium as a professional swimmer. \"He loves swimming, so why not work on his passion to make a career out of it,\" said Bhola.A group of boys went to take a dip in the canal. The current was stronger than they imagined and soon four were pulled to the centre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012413", "title": "Tech Top 2012 set to begin tomorrow", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Seventh edition of 'Tech Top', an all India engineering students' project competition, jointly organized by the Indian arm of the US-based Degree Controls Inc and Technopark will kick start here on Wednesday.Over the years, Tech Top has gained the brand image as one of the most sought after events by engineering students across the country as a platform to showcase their innovations and an opportunity to realize their entrepreneurial dreams. The highlight of this year's event is a seminar on IPR, Innovation &amp; Entrepreneurship and is exclusively for the participating students and their guides. The three-day event is being held at Technopark park centre.All projects selected after final screening shall be considered for incubation support from Technopark, according to an official statement. Over 138 project applications were received from nine states across the country this year. As many as 54 projects were shortlisted for the final round of which 18 teams were selected to contest in the final phase by a high-level screening committee. Out of these, 15 teams with participation from Delhi, Uttar Pradesh , Odisha, Punjab, Tamil Nadu , and Kerala will showcase their innovations at the event. For the first time a team from IIT Delhi is participating in this event.The most innovative, socially relevant and commercially exploitable projects will bag cash awards of Rs 1 lakh sponsored by Degree Controls. Cash awards and consolation prizes sponsored by other institutions will be awarded to other selected contestants. A special award for best business proposal and one for the best all women team will also be given away.The project exhibition will be open to public from 11am on July 19 till noon of July 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010425", "title": "Fake encounters: Hyderabad activists demand action against P S R Anjaneyulu", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state's reluctance to take action against IPS officer P S R Anjaneyulu, despite the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) report nailing him for 16 fake encounters in the state, has the local human rights activists fuming. Demanding an immediate suspension of the officer, activists said that any inaction in this regard would result in more fake encounters in the state. They even faulted the NHRC report for failing to instruct the police department to suspend Anjaneyulu from service and limiting its order to victim compensation.S Jeevan Kumar, president of the Human Rights Forum, the organization that was instrumental in bringing the issue to light, said that his group would soon resort to legal action against the IPS officer and his team if they are not booked and arrested immediately. \"Fake encounters have always been the policy of the state government. That is why it protects these officers and takes no action against them. In fact, several officers involved in fake encounters have been rewarded in the past\" he rued. Condemning this attitude of the government Kumar said that the state should soon put an end to this \"typical police culture\".Because the NHRC did not recommend any action does not prevent the state from penalizing them, feels Kalpana Kannabiran, director of the Council for Social Development. Arguing that the state government's move to accept the report and pay compensation to the victims only established that it had admitted the officers' wrong-doing, she said, \"Going by the earlier high court order, an FIR should have been registered against the officers involved in such fake encounters. The state government should have by now suspended the officers and initiated criminal proceedings. I cannot understand why the government is still silent and is protecting trigger-happy officers.\"Thakur Rajkumar Singh, president, Human Rights and Consumer Protection Cell, said that it was important to exert pressure on the government from all sides to act on the issue. \"The state government should be forced to take action against these officers and use it as an example to deter fake encounters in the future. Also, stringent action should be taken, as these officers' primary duty is to protect human rights. What they are doing is just the opposite,\" Singh said, alleging political interference as the reason for this government inaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011224", "title": "Is Nagpur safe for women?", "text": "NAGPUR: The Guwahati molestation case has raised eyebrows all over the country. In their own city, people are rethinking about the conditions of safety of the women in their lives. In the wake of this TOI spoke to citizens asking them whether they thought Nagpur to be a safe city.The response was a mixed one, while some of them rated Nagpur 'very safe', there were people who rated it at abysmally low levels. The general consensus was, that though there were not many incidents of molestation per se, but eve-teasing is a big nuisance. But the worst part is that some have started seeing this as a normal happening, and learnt to live with it.\"Boys will always pass comments and until a certain limit, it is OK, but on most occasions, nothing more happens,\" said Snehal Parate, an engineering graduate. According to her safety in the city was decided according to the areas. \"Old Nagpur is comparatively more notorious than areas like Shankar Nagar,\" she said.Sharing similar views was Avanika Gupta who said that getting stared at and mild comments were something to which girls have to get used to. \"Because no stringent action is taken or can be taken in such cases, so the only option we have is to ignore the comments,\" she said.The amazing part is that even after such complaints, the average rating that they have given the city for girl's safety is 8/10. But there are people who think that the city is really a very secure place for women.Said Sizi Joseph, an MBA student, \"Nagpur is a very safe city, especially when you compare it to other metros. Here we know everybody, when one goes out he/she is bound to find at least five people they know. In such circumstances, the environment becomes very safe for girls.\"But even such assurances fail to pacify the parents and elder brothers who feel that Nagpur is not as safe as they would like it to be. \"I feel that the city is decently safe, but only till 6pm. After that I prefer that my daughter goes out with us. Even though there are not many cases which are heard of, but why take a risk?\" said Sheela Brahmankar, a government employee.Similarly, Shashwath Kamath, who has a 21-year-old twin sister, said that after hours he never lets her go out alone on the roads. \"No place is safe for girls. Even if she is going to her friend's house, I make sure that I drop her,\" he said.He said that security is very low in the city. \"Police patrolling is low and eve-teasing incidents are very high. Travelling on two-wheelers late night is not an option at all,\" Shashwath said.Hooliganism, passing lewd comments and hooting while passing on vehicles is a very common issue that the city girls face. Such eve teasing incidents have many a time forced girls to even alter the normal routes they use or change the mode of transport.\"The problem of eve teasing is acute on public transport. Guys go berserk when they see girls. I had to stop using buses in order to avoid such incidents,\" said Nikita Pramanik, a BA final year student. She also went on to add, \"Nagpur only appears to be safe, but in reality it is not.\"But what needs to be done to make this city a safe one? Different people had different ideas for what it meant to be safe. For most of them it was just the assurance that nothing untoward happened to them when they were out.For some it was knowing that trusted and known people were always close in our city, while for others it was just freedom from fear. But someone also said that true safety was respect to their femininity, and when that came, every place would automatically be safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15013952", "title": "Aamir Khan\u2019s son makes his Bollywood debut", "text": "Seventeen-year-old Junaid has been recruited to assist Raj Kumar Hirani on his next project Peekay, starring his father and Anushka SharmaAamir Khan and Reena Dutta's son Junaid will finally make his Bollywood debut. Albeit, behind the camera. TOI has learnt Khan junior will be the first assistant to director Rajkumar Hirani in his maiden production Peekay starring Aamir and Anushka Sharma.While Aamir and Hirani remained unavailable for comment, a source close to the film confirmed the story and revealed, it was the director who offered the 17-year-old Khan a chance to work on the project. Initially taken aback, Junaid convinced his father and promised not to neglect his studies.In fact, he has already begun his work. A source close to the film revealed that Junaid has been traveling across the country scouting for suitable locations for the shoot. The film is scheduled to go on floors later this year.A source close to the Khan family told us, \"Junaid has always been fascinated by the various aspects of filmmaking. He used to often accompany his father to the sets of his films. He always had a viewpoint. And Aamir was rather impressed with it.\"Vidhu Vinod Chopra , who had always been close to Aamir and Hirani and is a presenter for Peekay , had also been impressed by Junaid's eye for detail. Apparently, Jr Khan's knowledge of camera angles and ear for music had awed Chopra.\"What better way to begin his film career than assisting a director who has had a string of successful films - the Munna Bhai series and 3 Idiots ,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011283", "title": "Locating NCTC within Intelligence Bureau or not: The debate continues", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking National Counter Terrorism Centre out of the Intelligence Bureau could drastically reduce its effectiveness, many familiar with IB are beginning to argue. However, sources in other intelligence agencies and many state governments believe that keeping NCTC out of IB's ambit would make it more transparent and accountable.The Centre is finalising a new NCTC proposal to appease the opposition, including the suggestion that the anti-terror body be kept out of IB and states be given bigger role in counter-terrorism activities.Those closely aware of IB and its linkages to the Multi Agency Centre (MAC), which will be the core of NCTC and be subsumed into it, said the influence and power of MAC actually comes from being part of IB.MAC carries out coordination meetings on a daily basis with almost 20 intelligence agencies. Based on inputs from these agencies, MAC sends out advisories and alerts to state police forces, IB and other agencies that carry out follow up action.What MAC doesn't possess right now is an operational arm and an analysis team, both of which would be added to NCTC when it is created.MAC has a presence in almost every state and Union Territory in the country, through over 30 subsidiary MACs. Each of these SMACs is headed by the senior-most IB official posted in the state. Sources said that because it is headed by the local IB station head, SMAC draws significant influence and is able to work effectively.MAC also draws its influence from the fact that it is part of IB, and also has the backup of the huge counter-terror resources of IB. Besides, MAC has been improving its performance primarily from the feedback it receives from IB, which is a regular recipient of MAC's inputs. This is in contrast to the state police forces, which are extremely reluctant about giving feedback, making MAC a one-way street for them to just receive inputs.This argument in favour of placing NCTC in IB doesn't find much favour with other intelligence agencies, which believe that if NCTC remains part of IB, then it could further perpetuate the condescending attitude of the domestic intelligence agency. \"Once our inputs go to IB, we don't know what happens to it. We don't get any proper feedback,\" a senior official in one of the intelligence agencies said. \"NCTC should become the federal agency coordinating counter-terror activities, not just an arm of IB,\" he said.Many opposition and some Congress-ruled states have expressed concern that if NCTC remains part of IB, it could misuse the powers given to it under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act. The NCTC director would be 'designated authority' under UAPA, empowered to take necessary action against terror suspects, and its operational team would be empowered to carry out search on premises of terror suspects.The states also argue that IB's lack of parliamentary accountability would be further perpetuated by NCTC. In fact, 'politically active' IB remains a key suspect in the eyes of opposition states, so they wouldn't agree to a federal counter-terrorism agency being part of IB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010718", "title": "No deadline to fix responsibility", "text": "NEW DELHI: An inquiry committee will be set up to fix responsibility for the defects found in the Airport Metro Express line. The announcement was made on Monday by urban development secretary Sudhir Krishna.The panel will have two members \u2014 A K Gupta, additional member (Works) in the Railway Board and D Deeptivilas, additional secretary, ministry of urban development. No time frame has been fixed for the committee yet, Krishna added.The joint inspection report by DMRC and Reliance Infrastructure had found that 540 bearings needed repairs. \"The shortcomings were found in the bearings and the support system like pedestals and grouting. We have to go into specific rehabilitation measures to address this, which will be location specific,\" Krishna said.With the location specific study report expected to come in only by the end of this month, Krishna said the time estimate for the repair work may be revised. \"We will do our best to adhere to our time frame of August-end but we will get to know by the end of July how we are progressing,\" added Krishna.Monday's meeting of all stakeholders, however, was marked by flayed tempers, said sources, with Delhi Metro and R-Infra top bosses showing sharp differences. Tensions were high even at the joint press conference that followed, with R-Infra boss Sumit Banerjee and DMRC chief Mangu Singh sitting apart. At one point, Banerjee came out and squarely blamed Delhi Metro for the crisis. \"The nature of the defects are such that the drawings have not been followed in construction itself. These defects existed from day one,\" said Banerjee. In his response, Singh refused to comment on who was accountable for the defects: \"We'll wait for the inquiry report.\"Krishna, meanwhile, said that the repairs would be initiated by DMRC with assistance from Systra, the original designer of the airport line. And while Singh revealed that the cost of the bearings at the time of construction was Rs 86 lakh, neither the Delhi Metro chief nor Krishna were willing to elaborate on what the repairs costs would come out to be.On who will bear the cost of the repairs, Krishna said the Delhi Metro will initiate the work and the cost will be met by those who are liable under the contractual agreement. He said that though Reliance Infra has expressed concern over the state of affairs, the government was committed to make the PPP project \"viable\".\"From the government side, we are committed to support the PPP agreement and will want this project to become viable and remain viable,\" he said. Krishna added that once the work is donem, a required number of trial runs has to be made after which the commissioner of Metro Rail Safety would inspect and approve the line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15011969", "title": "When apathy kills", "text": "Enraged staff at the Basin Bridge train care centre struck work for five hours on Monday morning after a colleague died in the early hours of injuries sustained in a fall on Saturday. They were protesting the lack of basic medical facilities and an ambulance to move Anbu, who apparently slipped on a heap of uncleared waste and fell from a ramp into a pit line, to hospital in time. The 44-year-old from Tiruvallur, who sustained severe head injuries in the fall early on Saturday, lay bleeding as an ambulance took more than 45 minutes to reach the spot. He was shunted from one hospital to another before being admitted to the government general hospital where he died early on Monday.As the news spread, hundreds of employees stopped work criticizing the authorities' failure to provide basic facilities. Senior officials' incharge of the centre and Chennai division did not take steps to clear garbage, drain water from pit lines and appoint additional staff even after a huge workers' protest last month, they said.\"The divisional railway manager promised that all issues would be sorted out in the first week of July. But, everything remains the same. Food waste, empty water bottles and other rubbish from coaches are swept onto ramps and not cleared in time,\" said a senior technician.The workers, who blocked the rake of the Chennai-CST Express which was being taken to Chennai Central, ended the strike around 2pm after additional divisional railway manager Anil Kumar promised to take steps to remove garbage and clean pit lines soon.The ADRM's suggestion, \"it is the duty of everyone to keep the yard clean,\" enraged workers. They said: \"It is not our duty. We are technicians. Authorities clean up pit lines and clear garbage within an hour if a minister or railway board member visits the centre\".\"There are no basic facilities. Pit lines are dirty and waterlogged, workers develop skin ailments as they don't have gum boots or gloves, and garbage is not removed. The medical unit neither has a doctor nor a first aid kit. The issues were notified to senior officials but no action was taken,\" said a staffer.A senior railway official said: \"Several employees of the train care centre are under treatment at the railway hospital for ailments.\"Technicians check the undercarriage of trains at pit lines (a track where trains are inspected) while others use a ramp parallel to the pit line to wash the exteriors, clean toilets, sweep the coaches and do other maintenance work. Garbage from inside the coaches are piled up on the ramp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/chennai", "code": "15010411", "title": "Dawood Ibrahim active in Alang ship-breaking business", "text": "AHMEDABAD/CHENNAI: Fugitive Dawood Ibrahim and his aides have a major stake in the multi-million dollar ship-breaking industry in Gujarat, according to an intelligence report by the ministry of defence.A top level meeting has been called in Ahmedabad on Tuesday to assess the risk the world's largest ship-breaking yard at Alang runs. The meeting will be attended by officials from Navy, Central and state intelligence bureaus, Coast Guard, Army, Border Security Force, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, customs and police.\"Post-26/11, this is a regular meeting of several agencies to review security in Gujarat. Alang will be discussed in the meeting,\" said an official who will be attending the meeting.The report says certain Pakistani nationals involved with the 'D-company' based in London and the UAE have a major stake in the country's ship-breaking industry, investing crores of rupees in Alang. Intelligence sources said Pakistani nationals fix deals by paying in hard cash in collusion with corrupt local officials.Early this year, a team of 200 I-T officials cracked down on three of the biggest Alang-based companies.\"We were shocked to find that these firms dispose of their cash registers and bills everyday before 10 am and delete email and chat records before leaving office. The hawala and courier network is so active that cash moves across within seconds,\" said an I-T official involved with the operation. The department unearthed Rs 150 crore black money from the three companies.\"The companies buy ships for dismantling through shell companies in Dubai or London which are owned by middlemen. The price of the ship is under-valued to evade import duty. Later, many companies sell off the metal and other scrap without bills and send money to Dubai and London through hawala,\" sources said.Intelligence agencies briefed an inter-ministerial committee in Delhi in February 2012 about the entry of Dawood's aides into the industry and the potential security implications. A Standing Monitoring Committee on Shipbreaking Yards at Alang in 2011 notes that the customs officials and the Gujarat Maritime Board are unable to verify whether the documents provided to them when the ship beaches at Alang are falsified or not. Over 100 ship-breaking companies are active in Alang.Shipping and marine security expert Veeresh Mallik said the ship-breaking industry is mostly funded by black money. \"Many vessels have origins in safe havens for smuggling in the Persian Gulf and off the African coast,\" he said.Times ViewIf the underworld is investing heavily in Alang, one of the world's biggest ship-breaking yards, this is obviously a great threat to coastal security. There is thin presence of customs and security officials in Alang. What is coming on the shores of Gujarat should be strictly monitored, just as we dig into dubious financial links of some of the ship-breakers. The security of the country cannot be compromised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012400", "title": "CID to probe 100% rise in garbage deal waste tender", "text": "Mumbai: The state government has ordered a probe into the alleged irregularities in the contracts recently awarded by the civic body for garbage collection.Assigned to the state Criminal Investigation Department (CID), the probe will look into how the tender cost rose to Rs 970 crore this year-more than a 100% hike from 2010 when it was awarded for Rs 450 crore. It will also look into why the work has been outsourced to the same cartel in the last five years. Admitting hints of foul play, urban development minister Bhaskar Jadhav told the legislative council the CID will conclude its probe in two months.\"It is difficult to imagine the same tender being awarded at half the cost just two years ago. There is a flood of complaints against the tendering process, leading us to believe there is something not right,\" Jadhav said, adding that the probe could later be extended to cover the de-silting work of the Mithi river.TOI had highlighted the muddle over the tendering process for garbage collection in a series of reports. The mess-up had caused a halt in the lifting of garbage from at least three wards in the city: N (Ghatkopar), S (Bhandup) and T (Mulund).The debate on the tender process was raised in the council by treasury bench legislators Bhai Jagtap and Kiran Pawaskar by way of a calling attention motion. Pawaskar alleged the seven firms that bagged the latest tender were a front for a single contractor who is being shielded by the highest authority in the corporation. When Jadhav hesitated to announce a probe, the legislators accused the minister of protecting BMC commissioner Sitaram Kunte.Council deputy chairman Vasant Davkhare pointed out that the BMC handles just 30% of the city's garbage and the rest is outsourced to private contractors, but no mechanism exists to supervise the contractors' work.On the Mithi's de-silting, leader of opposition Vinod Tawde alleged that nearly Rs 650 crore had been \"wasted\" by the BMC and MMRDA but not a single penny's work has been accounted for.The last contract for garbage collection, which was awarded in 2010, expired on May 31 this year. New tenders were floated and contractors appointed, but they needed a mobilization period of two to six months. To cover this period, the BMC chief exercised his emergency power to extend the contracts of the existing contractors.During the interim period, a breakdown occurred in the civic system of collection and disposal of waste. Legislators alleged that during this time, garbage was not collected from Ghatkopar, Mulund, Bhandup, Kandivli, Borivli and Dahisar. Jadhav assured members of the Upper House that action would be taken against contractors and officials found responsible for the muddle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "carry on jatta  starring ", "code": "15015049", "title": "Carry On Jatta", "text": "Carry On Jatta  Starring : Gippy Grewal, Mahie Gill , Binnu Dhillon, Jaswinder Bhalla, GUrpreet Ghughi, B.N Sharma, Karamjit Anmol, Rana Ranbir and more. Directed By : Smeep Kang Producer : Sipy Grewal, Pushpinder Happy, Sukha Singh, Semi Dhaliwal Studio : Gurfateh Films &amp; Sippy Grewal ProductionsSynopsis : Carry On Jatta is a romantic comedy featuring Gippy Grewal and Mahie Gill. Binendra Menon is the cinematographer and the movie is written by Smeep Kang. Jatinder Shah has given the music for the film and the songs of this movie are already a rage among youngsters.The movie is all set to hit theatres on 27th July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "latehar", "code": "15012087", "title": "Couple made to drink urine, eat excreta", "text": "LATEHAR: In a throwback to medieval times, an elderly couple were accused of witchcraft by a village panchayat and forced to eat their excreta and drink urine in Jharkhand's Latehar district.Robert Lakra, 65, and his 60-year-old wife Colestina were blamed for the sudden death of cows, buffaloes and goats in June at Puro village and taken forcibly before the panchayat on July 8, SP Kranti Kumar told reporters on Monday. When the couple denied that they practised witchcraft, they were made to eat their excreta and drink urine as per the diktat of the panchayat, Kumar said, adding, \"an FIR against 11 people was lodged on Monday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012406", "title": "One dies of food poisoning; stale food racket busted", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The food poisoning episode that had led to the closure of two leading restaurants in the city claimed its first victim. Sachin Roy Mathew (21) a hotel management student, died in Bangalore as a result of food poisoning.Sachin, who is a native of Veeyapuram near Haripad, was staying in a hotel room near Kalasipayalam following severe fever and vomiting since July 11. It is learnt that he breathed his last two days ago and the relatives identified the body on Monday. Sachin is the son of Roy Mathew and Sucy Roy of Attumalil Velpadam house. His body was taken to Haripad on Monday night.According to Sachin's relatives, he bought shawarma from Salwa Cafe, Vazhuthacaud, on July 10 evening and boarded a bus to Bangalore. On the way, he ate the shawarma. He telephoned his home and told that he was unwell that night itself.The incident would provide the food safety commissionerate an opportunity to reign in the unhygienic food joints in the state. The food safety commissioner who has registered the first case in Kerala under the Food Safety Act against a shawarma joint in the city for selling stale food can now evoke stringent clauses in the act as it has claimed a life.It was following the incident of about 20 customers who had food from the Salva Cafe near Vazhuthacadu were hospitalized due to food poisoning on July 10. The food safety commissionerate, which was notified about this on July 12, conducted an inspection and shut down the joint immediately. Its sister concern, Salwa Dine at Vellayamablam, was also ordered to shut down.Food safety commissioner Biju Prabhakar told TOI that investigations revealed the presence of a racket which involves in the collection and recycling of stale food.\"The modus operandi is simple. The racket contacts the restaurants engaged in the sale of shawarma and collect the left over. After refrigerating it they mix it with fresh meat. A customer who orders the dish receives a part of the stale meat which could cause food poisoning. The culprits have been identified and stringent action would be taken. That could include imprisonment and fine up to Rs 10 lakh,\" said Prabhakar. While pointing out that it was the first case registered under the Act, the commissioner emphasized that Kerala would be cleansed of all such irregularities in the next three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15010991", "title": "Nagpur University using revaluation as revenue source?", "text": "NAGPUR: In a startling revelation, some students have said Nagpur University authorities having told them that there was a target set for earning Rs1 crore through the revaluation, re-totalling and re-exam fees.These students had visited the NU exam section when they felt they had scored less than expectations. The officials are reported to have told the students that they had a revenue target to achieve. \"They even stated that our answer-sheets were deliberately undervalued so that we will apply for revaluation and supplementary exam and NU will get some money. They told us that this was one of their biggest sources of income,\" an engineering student told TOI.During NU Senate meet, authorities had revealed they had collected Rs 56.24 crore as exam fees of students while expenditure was Rs 34.26 crore which meant they saved a whopping Rs 22 crore.However, controller of examinations (COE) Siddarth Kane rubbished the allegations and stated University never wished anybody should apply for revaluation or re-totalling. \"We absolutely don't have any motive behind conducting revaluation. Instead, we expect students not to apply for revaluation. It is a kind of discredit to the university,\" he said. Kane added that only 5% of students applied for revaluation while 95% were satisfied with the initial evaluation done by NU lecturers.However, at least one NU Management Council member supported students' claims stating that he had also received many complaints in the past and brought it to the notice of authorities but no cognizance was taken. He claimed even the evaluators were benefited if students applied for revaluation as they get more money for checking a answer-sheet during revaluation than during original valuation. \"For first valuation, the lecturer gets Rs30 but for revaluing an answer-sheet, s/he gets Rs50 along with additional travel and dearness allowance,\" he disclosed.University doesn't also refund the revaluation fee in case of change of marks. The expense is minimum Rs600 per paper considering the fact that the student has first pay for getting the photocopies of answer-sheet and then the revaluation fees. NU charges Rs2,300-Rs2,500 for engineering exams while students get a photocopy of answer-sheet for Rs300 per subject. They again have to shell out Rs300 per subject for revaluation. They also have to submit winter exam fee of Rs2,300-Rs2,500 as revaluation results generally take at least three months to come and by that time, the last date of applying for winter exams is over.Issue rocked Senate meetThe issue had rocked a NU senate meeting in March as members flayed the administration for exploiting innocent students in the name of revaluation. On a query by Gurudas Kamdi, university had informed that 22,065 students had applied for revaluation during Winter 2011 exam and it had collected Rs50.08 lakh in fees and incurred an expenditure of Rs38.2 lakh. This meant NU had made a profit of over Rs12 lakh while revaluation results continue to be declared after three months or more. Even Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court had rapped NU evaluators for poor quality of first valuation in case of a law student Richa Inamdar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15009622", "title": "Alka Lamba removed from NCW panel probing molestation case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Alka Lamba was on Monday removed from a fact-finding team of National Commission for Women(NCW), which looked into the case of molestation of a 17-year-old girl in Guwahati, for making public the victim's identity.Lamba had gone to Guwahati as part of an NCW team and during a press meet made public the victim's name, leading to condemnation from various people, including BJP's Smriti Irani who said it was violation of Supreme Court directives.\"We have removed Lamba from the team. She was one of the members of the fact-finding team. It was wrong on her part to publicise the name of the victim. That is the reason she was removed,\" NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma said.Earlier in the day, Lamba, said they were preparing a report on the issue.\"We should not be in a hurry because it is really a sensitive issue. We should give as much time to this. So that we can reach some conclusion and catch hold of the culprits,\" she said.She said those who attacked the girl were about 12 to 20 and some of them have been arrested while others have to be identified. \"Assam Police have assured us that they will take strict action,\" she said.The teenager was assaulted when she came out of a bar in the heart of the city on July 9. Eight persons have so far been arrested in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15012006", "title": "Court directs govt to fill up vacancies in info body", "text": "CHENNAI: Highlighting the fact that the state information commission has only one member besides the state chief information commissioner, the Madras high court has expressed hope that the state government would fill up vacancies in four weeks.Passing interim orders on a public interest writ petition of C R Bhasakaran on Monday, The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam expected the government to consider people having knowledge and experience in law for the posts.In his petition, Bhaskaran contended that almost the entire commission was vacant defeating the purpose of the Right To Information Act as public could not approach the appellate forum against denial of information to various departments.According to Bhaskaran, the chief information commissioner had not submitted the annual report detailing the performance of the forum to the state government for the past five years. It is a serious violation of duty, he said. When the matter came up for hearing, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan sought time to obtain instructions from the authorities.Granting him four weeks to file a detailed counter-affidavit, the judges said, \"It is expected that the state government will make appointment to the posts of information commissioners within the period of four weeks. While making such appointments, the state shall take note that persons having wide knowledge and experience in law are also considered for appointment to the posts.\"In this regard, the judges recorded the fact that as per Section 15(5) of the RTI Act persons of eminence in public life with wide knowledge and experience in law, science, technology, social science, management, journalism and administration are eligible for the appointment.The petitioner said as the entire state information commission was vacant, it defeated the purpose of the RTI Act", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15011661", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation asks for exclusive equipment to clean river", "text": "NASHIK: One-and-a-half months after the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) began to remove the water hyacinth covering nearly the entire stretch of the Godavari, the NMC has now proposed that an independent machinery would be effective for the task. in clearing the water hyacinth.The civic body's health department, public works department, drainage department and fire department jointly began clearing the water river following protests by environment activists over inaction on the issue. strongly protested against their inaction to solve the problem.But the work has been halted with onset of the monsoon. The NMC now plans to rid the river permanently of hyacinth by asking for the use of specially designed and exclusive equipment to clean the river and has sent a letter to the state regarding the issue.\"We stopped removing water hyacinth when it started raining. But the task is still on intermittently, when there are no rains,\" said NMC standing comittee chairman, Uddhav Nimse. Agreeing that the NMC has not been able to make significant improvement in its clean-up operations, Nimse said that as a permanent solution to the problem, the NMC has proposed for special , independent equipment and has asked for the government's approval on this.\"We are asking for exclusive equipment to clear the hyacinth. We have requested that the state inquire about machinery used in Kolhapur and Jammu and Kashmir. We have also asked that such equipmwnt be given to the NMC for its task to clean the Godavari of water hyacinth on a long-term permanent basis,\" said Nimse.Meanwhile, in response to the Godavari Gatakaran Virodhi Manch's legal notice to the NMC last Monday and its ultimatum to take action against officials within eight days, Nimse said that an action plan to clean the Godavari to completion would be initiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010700", "title": "Mill watchman stabbed to death", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 25-year-old watchman was stabbed to death by unknown assailants near Ashok Mill on Naroda road in Shaherkotda on Sunday night.According to police, Satyendra Jadav, 25, a resident of Ghanchi ni Chali near Ashok Mill, was passing from an open plot near the mill at 8 pm on Sunday. Jadav was accompanied by his friends Pinakin Rathod and Umesh Solanki, residents of the same area. The group spotted four youths moving there in a suspicious manner.\"As Jadav was earlier working with the mill as a watchman, he asked the youths to identify themselves. When they did not, Jadav asked them to leave,\" said a police official. \"When they refused to leave, the two groups got into verbal altercation. As the matter heated up, one of them stabbed Jadav and Solanki in their stomachs with a knife. While Rathod was looking after them, the group flee from the spot,\" said a police official.Investigators said that Jadav collapsed on the spot due to excessive bleeding whereas Solanki lost his conscious and was taken to Shardaben Hospital. \"Pinakin, Jadav's younger brother, has filed a complaint of murder and attempt to murder against unknown assailants,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15011398", "title": "A hard trod in paradise", "text": "Panchanama - Pilerne - BardezWith a skeletal public transport service and the main road a good distance away, residents, especially of interior wards, spend most of every day walkingPilerne is an idyllic village nestled in valleys in between the urban sprawl of Porvorim and the resorts of Candolim. The only industrial estate in coastal Bardez is also located here-the Pilerne industrial estate.Among the main problems facing Pilerne is inadequate public transport services, an issue which is further compounded by the absence of a high school to cater to the needs of villagers.Some of the Calangute-Panaji buses pass through one part of the village, while some of the Mapusa-Betim buses also pass through the village. But those residing in the interior areas like Savlem and Marne have very few buses. Consequently parents of school-going children who do not have vehicles of their own have to walk for overa kilometer or two to drop off their children at the bus-stop in Maddani for their onward journeys to schools in Candolim, Calangute, Mapusa, Saligao or Panaji. Then they walk back the same distance to do their household chores, and then walk back to Maddani in the afternoon to get their children back and then walk back once again.An affected villager who did not want to be named said, \"It's a long walk and there's no shade because there are no trees.\" Brian Azaredo of Volvaddo-Pilerne says, \"People have been facing a problem with public transport as there are a few buses that pass by and that too only at a certain time. If one misses the bus, then one has to walk a long distance in order to get to the main road.\"\"The village has not seen any development for the last 20-25 years,\" says Paul Fernandes of the Pilerne Citizens Forum. \"We have just two primary schools nothing else and for 25 years we've been asking for a football ground. The comunidade says they don't have any land to give to the villagers for a football ground, but they gave 1,20,000 sq m land to Sporting Club de Goa to build a football stadium and a club house. We had to go to the courts to stop that. This is the state of affairs,\" he laments.Villagers point out to the growth of 'Fukat Nagar' atop the hill near Audit Bhava in Alto-Porvorim, off the Chogm road, which has come up on Pilerne comunidade land. There are large scrapyards which are operating illegally despite court orders to evict them.\"For the last 15 years I've been fighting against garbage being dumped near the Audit Bhavan, but nothing has happened. All the constructions atop Porvorim hill have soak pits and all that sewage is going down into our water table and contaminating the water in our wells,\" says Fernandes.Besides these woes, the roads are in a very bad state in the village interiors.Newly-elected sarpanch Sandeep Bandodkar said the top priority for the village panchayat is setting up of a garbage treatment plant. Land is being acquired near Hotel Gautam for this. \"We've submitted the proposal for land acquisition.\"On the transport woes of Savlem and Marne, Bandodkar admitted, \"There are less buses plying there. We have to solve this problem. Also the roads are narrow there and big buses cannot ply on them.\"He added that efforts are on to acquire land for the football ground. Work has started, he said, to build two gardens in the PDA colony and two more gardens in Savlem and green valley.Pilerne falls under the Saligao constituency of tourism minister Dilip Parulekar. Talking about the problems facing the village, he said, \"I have not received any complaints regarding the lack of bus services faced by villagers residing in Savlem or other interior wards. But I have already asked the Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC) to study the transport needs of my entire constituency, including Saligao. If at all they need a bus service, we will definitely make the arrangement.\"He added that efforts are on to make the Savlem lake a tourist attraction. \"I have asked the water resources department to renovate the existing facilities, and as I am the tourism minister I have asked the department of tourism to explore the possibility of attracting tourists to Savlem lake by beautifying the area.\"With regard the football ground, he said the file for acquiring the land has already been sent to the collector. \"In my tenure I will make sure the football ground and stadium come up in Pilerne.\"Problem, problemLand sharkssHuge chunks of comunidade land are allegedly being grabbed by some of the biggest names in the Goan real estate lobby. The picturesque Savlem lake, which hosts a large population of wetland birds including winter visitors from distant lands, was shown as a settlement area in RP2011 and is now shown as a small pond in RP2021 when", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15011761", "title": "Sexual abuse in shelter home: CBI to widen its probe net", "text": "ROHTAK: The CBI team, which started investigation into the infamous Apna Ghar shelter home sexual abuse case, is set to widen its net by bringing more government and police officials under the scanner.Sources said the CBI team arrived in Rothak on Friday evening and is headed by ACP Satish Dagar. The team has visited several places and is reportedly preparing a list of persons who had been closely in touch with shelter home owner Jaswanti Devi, who is the prime accused in the case. \"All these persons are likely to be questioned by the CBI team,\" sources told TOI on Sunday.The investigating agency was also expected to move a petition in the local court to get all the 10 jailed accused for interrogation. Earlier, the new investigators had also reportedly discussed the details of the case with some of the special investigation team (SIT) members.According to sources, some more cops posted at Rohtak in the last one year are also likely to be grilled by the investigators. Earlier, investigation office sub-inspector Bhim Singh Ranga was also arrested by the SIT for allegedly attempting to protect and destroy evidence against the main accused. The police could nab him only after his retirement even though the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) members had expressed their doubts over his integrity right on the day of raid at the Apna Ghar on May 9.Another a retired government official, former child development and project officer (CDPO) of Rohtak Angrez Kaur could also come under the lens of CBI. In fact, the NCPCR had raised strong complicity of Kaur with Jaswanti in its report prepared after the raid. The commission report revealed that Kaur, 60 had joined Jaswanti on May 1, 2012 as project evaluator and monitoring officer on a salary of Rs 6,000 per month after retiring as CDPO from Rohtak. She was responsible for inspecting Apna Ghar but \"could not see or report anything wrong happening with the children, rather felt that the home was doing a good job\", remarked the commission member in the report.Jaswanti and seven others, including her daughter, son-in-law, cousin brother and sister are in judicial custody facing several charges of cruelty, sexual abuse, human trafficking and exploitation of minor children in the case. The retired sub-inspector, Bhim Singh Ranga, also joined them in the jail after he was arrested last week on charges of complicity and destruction of evidence against Jaswanti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15012833", "title": "Shahabu's kin, loyalists quit RJD, to join JD (U)", "text": "PATNA: Four former ministers and senior RJD leaders have decided to bid adieu to the party and join JD (U). They said they took this decision in view of the current socio-political situation and mass support to chief minister Nitish Kumar.Awadh Bihari Choudhary, Ejazul Haque, Indradeo Prasad and Vijay Gupta declared on Monday in Siwan that they will join JD (U) on July 29 in the presence of the CM.Incidentally, Choudhary, who was a senior minister and held different portfolios in the governments headed by Lalu Prasad and Rabri Devi , is quite close to RJD strongman Mohd Shahabuddin, who is lodged in Siwan jail for over six years. Haque is a relative of the four-term MP from Siwan. Prasad is also understood to be a loyalist of the MP.\"Shahabuddin knows about our decision,\" said Haque, who represented Ziradei assembly seat after Shahabuddin quit it. Choudhary, Haque, Prasad and Gupta had lost 2005 and 2010 assembly elections.Claiming there was no democracy in the RJD, Choudhary said the senior leaders were feeling sidelined in the party. \"We are founder members of the party and had been associated with it since the formation of Janata Dal in Karnataka,\" said Choudhary, who was chairman of state RJD parliamentary board and vice- president of the party. Praising Nitish Kumar for his farsightedness and development-oriented policies, he said, \"Now we are dissociating from the RJD and going to join the JD (U).\"Haque said he had practically quit the party long back and had supported the JD (U) candidate during the by-election to Daraunda assembly seat. \"The minorities now have full faith in Nitish, which was exhibited during the last assembly elections,\" he added.The desertion by these leaders is a big jolt to RJD chief Lalu Prasad, who is struggling to revive the party after stunning defeats in 2009 Lok Sabha and 2010 assembly polls. Trying to put up a brave face, state RJD chief Ram Chandra Purbey said, \"They enjoyed power when RJD was in power, but now they are looking for greener pastures since the party is out of power.\" Party's secretary general Ram Kripal Yadav said, \"In a political system it hardly matters who comes and who goes.\"When asked for his comment, Nitish said, \"Political parties keep their doors open. This is a continuous process.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011567", "title": "Training to help less-privileged golfers", "text": "GURGAON: The Ministry of Tourism and Women's Golf Association of India (WGAI), on Monday, launched India's first ever joint programme to create job opportunities for the less privileged section of society.Launched at the DLF Golf Course, the \"Incredible India Golf Caddy Training Programme\" is a part of the Ministry's \"Hunar se Rozgaar\" campaign and aims at skill development of aspiring golf assistants.\"Anyone who has an eye for the game and is interested in making a career in golf, is welcome to be a part the 'Incredible India Golf Caddy Training Program'. Our objective is to make these unskilled and less educated people employable and have a respectable career,\" said Champika Sayal, secretary general, Women's Golf Association of India (WGAI).The program will identify prospective candidates who will undergo an extensive six weeks training programme on various aspects of golf.\"Once we have 200-300 well trained caddies, we'll have a data bank of their information on the web via which those in need of caddies can contact the golf assistants,\" Kavita Singh, President, WGAI.The candidates need to have minimum education till class eight and should be between the ages of 18 and 28. Each trainee will be paid a stipend of Rs 1500 and will be given a tool kit and uniform. The DLF golf club has volunteered to train the women golf assistants while the Qutub Golf Club will train their male counterparts. \"Initially, about 500 of them will be employed. Bangalore and Jammu and Kashmir already require employees,\" said Sanjay Kothari, special secretary, Ministry of Tourism.\"I am very excited and can't wait for the training to begin,\" said Poonam, a golf trainee. Another trainee, Munmun Bara, a 21-year-old Delhi University student, said, \"\"I've always been athletic and often saw people playing golf. I became curious and thought I can learn this, and become a professional.\"Her father, S L Bara, a hockey player, said, \"I would have asked her to pursue hockey but it is a long forgotten game. With golf, she will be a part of the foundation of women's golf in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012013", "title": "Officials plan drive to keep big cats at bay", "text": "MUMBAI: The death of the seven-year-old girl from a leopard attack sent shock waves among forest department officials, as it was after six years that a human life had been lost to the big cat. Shaken by it, forest officials said they will conduct more combing operations and step up campaigns to make people aware of the \"dos and don'ts\".\"We have been distributing pamphlets to educate people on what to do when a leopard is spotted. We will ask them to be cautious while stepping out in the night. During the day, leopards are usually scared with too many people around. Those living close by to the forests have to be more careful while venturing out at night,\" said G T Chavan, deputy conservator of forests (Thane).\"Most of the slums are encroachments inside the forest. People are used to spotting leopards that stray into human habitats to hunt for dogs, goats and other animals,\" Chavan said.Officials and activists said though there have been many instances of leopard-spotting in human inhabited areas in and around Sanjay Gandhi National Park, there has been no loss of life or attack on people. A balance was achieved after 23 leopards from the forests were trapped after a spate of leopard attacks between 2001 and 2006, when more than 100 attacks were reported and over 50 people lost their lives.\"Due to these frequent incidents, a massive leopard tracking operation was carried out. Then idea was to eliminate situations where animals could hurt humans,\" said Krishna Tiwari of the City Forest Initiative, which works with the forest department.Tiwari said it was as part of this operation that around 23 leopards were trapped. \"Since then, there had been no such instances,\" he said. Tiwari said a lot of leopard awareness campaigns were initiated to educate people living on the Sanjay Gandhi National Park periphery on what to do if they spot a leopard. \"The campaigns had covered around 25,000 people living in and around the national park,\" Tiwari said.He said an operation to trap leopards may not be their next step right away. \"Special sanctions have to be given by the government to trap leopards. A lone case may not sufficiently indicate that the man-eater leopards are back. Hence, a good campaign to educate people will be initiated again,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15012396", "title": "Job fair turns out to be flop", "text": "BOKARO: The two-day employment fair organized by Regional Employment Exchange (REE) on Monday at ITI Campus, Chas attracted huge footfall but the job offered was not at par with the visitors' expectationsHundreds of youths returned disappointed finding that majority of stalls in the fair has been put up by security agencies and industrial training institutes. Only one big company turned up for the fair. The candidate mostly ITI and diploma holders claimed it to be a flop show.Many candidates from neighbouring districts of Dhanbad and Purulia visited the fair. \"Coming here was a waste of money as maximum jobs offered were for the posts of security guards or teachers in ITI schools or insurance advisers. There were hardly any vacancies for technical persons,\" said Firoj Alam, a diploma holder, who has arrived from Dhanbad.Another, Balram Pramanik, who arrived from Purulia, said he didn't find any job offerings for ITI and diploma holders in the fair as was projected by REE. \"I don't want to become a security guard or a teacher. I am an electrical diploma holder and want a job of my profile,\" he said.It was only Electrosteel Casting Limited (ECL) which offered jobs for youths with technical qualifications. Although the company had 31 vacancies in technical trade, the stall was thronged by many youths. REE has honored ECL by allotting Stall Number-1 and the company has shortlisted 30 candidates from the fair.The fair was inaugurated by Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar in presence of assistant director, REE, Saro Khaka and other officials. Kumar appreciated job providers for participating in the fair. He asked youths to work sincerely for the company on being selected.Khaka said that the first day of the fair brought smile on the faces of 549 candidates who got the offer letter from different companies while 442 candidates have been short listed for further recruitment process. Of the 20 companies, there were six security agencies, five insurance companies, four ITI schools, AGES Limited, ECL, K M Memorial Hospital, a hotel institute among others.Sources said, REE has announced about 4500 vacancies for unemployed youths. Of which 1400 vacancies were offered by security agencies, 480 opportunities were given by insurance companies, more than 25 jobs were offered by ITI schools. Not more than 50 vacancies were available for candidates belonging to technical trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011395", "title": "Blast in school laboratory, narrow escape for kids", "text": "KOLKATA: Students working in the chemistry laboratory of St Joseph's School at Bowbazar in central Kolkata had a narrow escape when the gas cylinder that fuels the Bunsen burners in the laboratory exploded on Monday morning.The blast was so powerful that it blew a hole about ft by 1ft through a solid brick and concrete wall. Luckily, the force of the explosion was directed outwards because the chamber was close to a kindergarten class that was packed with children. It was a miracle no one was injured even in the lab.The explosion at 9.20am terrified children and teachers, who began an immediate evacuation of the entire block. The teachers rushed out of the classrooms thinking an LPG cylinder had exploded in the school compound. They did not realize then that what had happened could have been far more dangerous.\"The gas plant was set up to feed the burners in the chemistry laboratory. The explosion would have proved deadly if it had come in contact with some of the combustible chemicals in the laboratory. Thankfully, it didn't happen. The noise and suddenness of the blast were enough to make us all panicky. The gas chamber was running well since morning until the explosion happened,\" said Brother Christopher.The 'gas chamber' is in the block that houses the junior section and, in fact, shares a wall with the KG class on ground floor. The blast left a strong smell but no trace of fire.People in nearby areas were also rattled by the explosion. \"We suddenly heard a loud bang. There was immediate panic. The school was supposed to get over at 10:20am, so some parents were waiting at the school gates. All of us reacted instantly. The guardians and some residents rushed into the school to rescue the children. We called the fire brigade thinking that a gas cylinder had burst and there might be a big fire,\" said Kushal Bhattacharya, a shopkeeper near the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15011989", "title": "Drought be damned, ministers focus on vaastu compliance", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after CM Jagadish Shettar allotted portfolios, astrologers and vaastu experts are much in demand to ensure the ministers have \"good vaastu\" in their offices.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar, a self-proclaimed atheist, has set the trend by sprucing up his office in Vidhana Soudha with the help of vaastu experts. Sources said his wife, Shilpa, supervised the operation and suggested minor changes. She had a special chandika homa performed.On vaastu pundits' advice, the orientation of the chief minister's table has been changed from east-west to north-south. This has created more vacant space in the northern and eastern sides of his office.Ecology and environment minister Sogudu Shivanna and infrastructure development minister Sunil Vyalpure want their office desks, which faced the toilet, relocated. They have also demanded that aquariums be set up for \"positive energy\".The office rooms in Vikasa Soudha, despite having modern facilities, have few takers. Many ministers believe that the new building, which is an extension of Vidhana Soudha towards the southern direction, might not support their political growth. They believe that it doesn't comply with vaastu principles.Youth affairs and sports minister Appachu Ranjan is among the few ministers who have volunteered to have their offices in Vikasa Soudha.That's not all. Sources say that the ministers in the state want cars whose registration numbers total 9, which is supposed to be a lucky number. But that's not a problem. DPAR officials say: \"In the past 3-4 years, we have ensured that the registration numbers of all ministers' cars add up to 9.''Says vaastu expert Arvind Goverdhan Swamy: \"If your house or office is not built according to vaastu principles, it's bound to create an imbalance between you and mother nature, leading to the generation of negative energies. Hence, it has to be modified or redesigned to eliminate any negativity, and to pave the way for prosperity and happiness.''Rubbishing this claim, another vaastu and numerology expert, Sri Anjeneya Bharati, though says: \"Vaastu is a science that will help re-establish our intrinsic connection to nature and reduce the stress that we all experience... It has nothing to do with fortunes or prosperity as perceived by our netas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15015158", "title": "Inspection of road gullies after monsoon arrives", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As the monsoons had arrived so an inspection of the road gullies were done by the officials of the Municipal Corporation Chandigarh (MCC).During the inspection Raj Bala Malik, Mayor, Mukesh Bassi, Chairman, Water Supply and disposal committee and Satinder Singh, area councilor were present along with the officials of the public health wing of Municipal Corporation.The inspection was carried out in sectors 18, 19, 21, 27 and 28. During the inspection the officials of the engineering wing of MCC were asked to take necessary steps to carry on the repair works required in the road gullies and proper cleanliness.The officials were also directed to ensure proper maintenance of the road gullies of V-6, V-5 and other roads. Interestingly every year during the monsoons water logging is being witnessed in the city inspite of the tall claims of the MCC that in this year there will be no water logging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011140", "title": "'If detected early, any cancer is curable'", "text": "NAGPUR: Every seven minutes, one woman in India dies of cervical cancer, while breast cancer kills one Indian woman every ten minutes. Despite such high number of deaths, the detection rate in the country remains so low that most women reach the oncologists only when the disease has reached the advanced stage.City gynaecologists got together to discuss the most common cancers in women and their role in increasing the detection of the disease. The CME was organized by Nagpur Obstetric and Gynaecological Society (NOGS) and city chapter of National Association for Reproductive and Child Health of India (NARCHI). The speakers included gynaecological oncologist Dr Rahul Roy Chowdhury, chairperson of oncology committee of Federation of Gynaecological Societies of India (FOGSI) Dr Niranjan Chavan, city oncologist Dr Sushil Mandhania and surgical oncologist from the city Dr Sudhir Deshmukh.\"The early diagnosis rate in India is very bad. In referral centres like Tata Memorial Hospital and AIIMS, the number of people coming in with advanced cancers is alarming. The chances of cure brighten with early detection,\" said Dr Mandhaniya. With the gynaecologist being the first contact point for most women when they see some changes in their body, it is important to take their help to increase the rate of early detection, he added.If detected in the pre-cancer stage, any cancer is 100 per cent curable, informed Dr Roy Chowdhury. \"Sadly, there are no courses in India for doctors to specialize in gynaecological oncology. This drawback has been pointed out to the Diplomate of the National Board of Medical Examinations (DNB). In most developed countries, like in UK, there are general practitioners under the National Health Service who ensure that women undergo diagnostic tests like mammography and Pap smear and get vaccinated for HPV,\" he said.\"Most women who come to us have already been consulting their gynaecologists for the disease. This makes it important for gynaecologists to keep updating their knowledge of cancer. It is important that the women also follow the self breast examination. When done a week before and a week after the menstrual cycle, it becomes easier for women to notice the changes in their breast,\" advised Dr Deshmukh. Right screening can help detect 90-95 per cent cases in stage one, he said.Dr Ankita Kothe, president of NOGS said that it was important for gynaecologists to be aware of how to go about getting a cancer patient treated when they come to them. \"We must know what we can do and when can we send the patient to an oncologist,\" she said.\"Whether it is about unusual symptoms which is an indication of cervical cancer or lumps in breast which point to the possibility of breast cancer, women are a bit hesitant to openly discuss such things even with gynaecologists,\" said Dr Vaidehi Marathe, secretary of NOGS. She stressed that it was better if women discussed such things with doctors rather than with family or friends to get the necessary medical attention as soon as possible.COMMON CANCERSOvarianCervicalBreastEndometrialSUGGESTIONSAsk your doctor for the screening tests like mammography and Pap smear and follow themDiscuss abnormal bleeding with doctor, whether it is post-menopausal or after intercourseExcess of oestrogen in the body can increase the risk of ovarian and endometrial cancerGirls should take HPV vaccine during adolescenceDiscuss changes in shape and size of breasts with gynaecologists", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15011634", "title": "Utkal students move Odisha Human Rights Commission against campus ruckus", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A group of students of Utkal University on Monday moved the Odisha Human Rights Commission seeking action against another group of students, who allegedly manhandled them on the campus here on Friday. Some students were injured and their motorcycles torched in the face-off between two rival groups of students, including some pass-outs of the university.\"Even though we lodged separate complaints with police and our vice-chancellor, the culprits are yet to be arrested. The police are probably shielding the accused. We urged the OHRC to intervene and direct the police to take punitive action,\" said petitioner Amit Kumar Dalei, a student of Library and Information Sciences.Dalei accused the students' union president Tanmay Swain of instigating the attack on them. \"I even mentioned his name in FIR, but police is silent,\" Dalei said. Swain rubbished the allegations. \"Dalei and others, who approached OHRC, are pass-outs of the university. They are non-students and launched attack on us first. They ransacked the university campus and set bikes ablaze,\" Swain said. \"We have also lodged complaints against them. They need to be arrested immediately,\" he added.\"We have registered cases and are inquiring into the matter. Accused from both sides would be arrested if found guilty,\" an officer of Saheed Nagar police station said. The varsity campus had turned battlefield on Friday following a brawl between the rival camps the previous night. The altercation had stemmed from establishment of a \"help desk\" in the institute. While one group was in favour of the desk to help newcomers on several issues, another group was opposing it tooth and nail. The vice-chancellor hurriedly convened a meeting with student representatives to hold parleys. The university, which witnessed violent student unrests in the past, is still under tight security to avoid any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011837", "title": "Bus mows down 2", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A rashly-driven Punjab Roadways bus killed two and injured 10 persons in Sector 43 around 1.15pm on Monday. The deceased included a three-year-old girl and her aunt, who were riding a cycle rickshaw, while the girl's mother, who was also on the same rickshaw was injured critically.The accident spot presented a horrifying sight as the killer bus had completely crushed the cycle-rickshaw and uprooted four fully grown trees. There could have been more damage as the driver failed to apply brakes and the bus stopped only after it hit a tree that fell in front of it.According to the police, the accident happened just a kilometre from the ISBT in Sector 43, from where it had started on its way to Hoshiarpur.\"It is possible that the driver of the bus had some medical problem and he suffered an epilepsy attack or he might have fallen asleep for some moments. The bus being driven at a high speed, hit the cycle-rickshaw from behind and then rammed into the footpath on the left side of the road,\" said Rajiv Kumar, investigation officer of the case. The police is also probing the possibility of a mechanical fault in the bus.\"There were three persons riding the rickshaw, besides the rickshaw-puller. While two of them were killed in the accident, the three-year-old's mother and the rickshaw-puller were injured. A case has been registered and we have started our investigation,\" said Kumar.The deceased have been identified as Priya, 3, and her middle-aged aunt Shoba Devi. Priya's mother Anita was critically injured and she was admitted to Government Medical College and Hospital in Sector 32. The three were residents of Khajheri village. The driver of the bus and the rickshaw-puller were admitted to PGIMER, with serious injuries whereas the other injured were admitted to the government hospital in Sector 32. There were around 25 persons travelling in the bus when the accident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi/dubai", "code": "15015235", "title": "US says firing by navy ship under investigation; India urges UAE to register case", "text": "NEW DELHI/DUBAI: The United States embassy has reacted to the incident of firing by its Navy ship at an Indian vessel in Dubai in which one fisherman was killed and three others were injured.The embassy, in a press release on Tuesday, said that USNS Rappahannock on July 16 fired at a small motor vessel after the vessel disregarded non-lethal warnings and rapidly approached the US ship.Offering condolences to the families of the crew, the embassy said that the incident is under investigation.Giving details about the incident, spokesperson of the US Naval Forces Central Command Lt Greg Raelson said the Navy ship fired only after a series of non-lethal warnings were ignored by the vessel.External affairs minister SM Krishna has urged the UAE to register a case against the US Navy ship involved in firing.Meanwhile, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) is probing the shooting incident, said an official.The US Navy supply ship opened fire Monday evening on a fishing boat near the mouth of Jebel Ali Port in Dubai, WAM news agency quoted a UAE foreign ministry official as saying.The USNS Rappahannock, a fuel re-supply ship, fired upon the small motor vessel after it disregarded warnings and rapidly approached the US ship near Jebel Ali, according to a statement of the US navy's Bahrain-based fifth fleet.Sailors on the USNS Rappahannock used a series of non-lethal, pre-planned responses to warn the vessel's operators to turn away from their \"deliberate\" approach before resorting to lethal force, the statement said.Jebel Ali port, the largest port in the Middle East, is frequently visited by the ships of the US Navy as a rest port for sailors.(With inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15009837", "title": "Padi Richo appointed presidential election agent for Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh parliamentary secretary for land management Padi Richo has been appointed as the election agent for UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee for the upcoming Presidential election.In a letter to the Assistant Returning Officer (ARO) of Arunachal Pradesh on July 9 last, Mukherjee said Richo has been appointed as \"the authorized representative for dealing with matters relating to the Presidential elections\", sources said here on Monday.\"He (Richo) may, on my behalf, deal with you and your office for all matters relating to the above said election, including polling and any other requisite formality pertaining to the said election,\" sources said quoting Mukherjee's letter.Besides Richo, education minister Bosiram Siram has also been authorized as Mukerjee's additional authorized representative for the polling day.Meanwhile, Richo has appealed all Congress legislators as well as MLAs of Congress allies and like-minded MLAs of other parties to remain present in the state capital positively on the polling day to cast their respective votes in favour of the UPA candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010938", "title": "Study junks govt\u2019s BRT logic", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government's argument for continuing with the bus rapid transit corridor \u2014 that it serves a large number of commuters travelling by bus \u2014 has been shot down by the report compiled by the Central Road Research Institute (CRRI).It says lack of a proper bus route rationalization has meant that buses cluster on the BRT stretch, with only four-five passengers boarding or alighting per bus, but the government data shows a huge number of passengers plying on the stretch. This, the report notes, \"is obviously boosting the passengers per hour per direction (PPHPD) drastically and thus presenting an exaggerated figure\".That's not the only thing wrong with the corridor. The CRRI report also rubbishes claims that BRT has reduced the number of fatal and serious injury or crashes on the stretch.CRRI, which has accessed police records to compare the after and before BRT scenarios, says, \"A comparison of the available road crash data indicates that there is an increase of 40% in the number of fatal road crashes coupled with 48% increase in the number of fatalities. At the same time, the number of simple/injurious road crashes reported by the traffic police has registered an increase of 7%.\"Delhi's BRT experiment also comes out unfavorably when compared to Ahmedabad's BRT corridor. The study notes that while the travel time of cars on the motor vehicle lane on both BRT corridors is almost the same during morning hours, during evening hours, very high travel time has been observed on the Delhi BRT.\"This is to a large extent due to the insufficient road width available on the MV lane (7-8m) as against the 10m width available for each direction of travel before BRT in April 2008,\" says the report.The report is scathing about the Delhi BRT, saying that while \"the bus composition is about 3% of total traffic in both the case, the observed average speed of buses on Ahmedabad BRT section varies between 22 to 25kmph (CEPT Ahmedabad), which is much higher than that of Delhi BRT (13-15kmph).\"That the Delhi BRT has few regards for the pedestrian is also pointed out, with CRRI calling more measures for pedestrians \"essential\". On foot overbridges, the peak hour pedestrian volume was found to be from 250-500, with the highest volume at the Pushpa Bhawan FOB.The amount of fuel consumed on the stretch has also been calculated by the CRRI study. It found that the idling at intersections led to losses of 78-139ml in the case of petrol cars while in the case of diesel, it was between 72-217ml across different time periods of the day. The amount of fuel lost ranged between 2% and 45%, says the report, with the maximum quantum wastage being recorded on the stretch between Sheikh Sarai to Chirag Dilli, varying in the range of 17%-41% during the day. The time lost in idling was from 37%-60%.The man hours lost in BRT is also significant, as the study found. \"The evaluation of passenger hours in terms of moentary values shows that there is a loss of Rs 87.91 crore in a year during normal BRT operation compared to experimental run,\" says the report.The total number of vehicle hours savings during the experimental run was around 8,183 hours on a weekday and 4,366 hours on the weekend for the 16-hour study duration, says the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15010149", "title": "Five years on, hostel work still not over at Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology", "text": "BHOPAL: The wait for relief from over-crowded hostels is not yet over for students of Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT). They may have to wait at least for another year as the ongoing project of hostels under construction is yet to finish. The project was scheduled to be over in 2007. Student intake at MANIT is likely to go up in next session, requiring more hostels.After realising the need of more hostels owing to over-crowded hostels, a project of constructing three new hostels was launched in 2005 with a deadline to complete the work by 2007. Even after five years, none of three is complete. Currently, there are seven hostels on MANIT premises, including one girls' hostel where around 4,000 students stay.On being asked about any deadline of the project, director of MANIT Appu Kuttan K K said, \"I think one of the hostels wing will come into existence by September this year. The other wing of the same block will be completed by January, next year,\" he claimed.However, the MANIT director refused to comment when asked about completion of other two blocks which were supposed to be completed five years ago.\"There is a need of more hostels in MANIT. Since I joined, I have directed the concerned department to speed up the work and complete the project as early as possible,\" Kuttan said.Each hostel is to accommodate 512 students. He added the renovation work of the girls' hostel is almost complete. \"Most of the work in girls' hostel is completed. Some patch work remains, which will also be done soon,\" he added.When contacted, department of civil engineering, dean, Dr Pradeep Kumar Jain admitted that the work of the two hostels has stopped.\"I cannot comment much about the hostels being constructed. However, I can only say that the work of the two hostels has stopped. The work is going on in the third hostel,\" he said. When asked further, he said: \"It is better to talk to the director.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014843", "title": "Hiraan being himself in his next", "text": "Hiraan is playing himself in director Partha Manna's \" Mishti Cheler Dustumi\". The film is about a child who hero-worships Hiraan and it is his dream to meet him one day, in person.Accidentally, he actually gets a chance to meet the actor and from there, the film explores the child's life and how it changes. \"For the first time, I am playing a cameo like this. Added to that, it's a high for any actor to play himself onscreen. Though it was very hot and humid where we shot in Mukutmanipur, I enjoyed a lot working with the friendly team. I must admit the child was brilliant,\" said Hiraan. The actor, along with his wife, will soon release an music album titled \"Bindaas\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15012124", "title": "HC: Air India brass 'sitting over' pilots' rehabilitation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday pulled up Air India for \"sitting over\" the conciliation process for re-instatement of its 101 pilots whose services were terminated for going on strike.The court also asked the AI brass to inform it by Wednesday if the high-power committee set up by it would decide the issue within four weeks.Expressing displeasure with the management for not fulfilling its assurance to consider the issue of re-instatement sympathetically and in a time bound manner, Justice Reva Khetrapal observed, \"I am upset and I am also getting anguished... You assured the court. Now you want to sit over it. It should be in a time-bound manner.\"Meanwhile, civil aviation minister Ajit Singh said that the re-instatement process will take some more time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15010725", "title": "Tech institutes to have grievance redressal body", "text": "JAIPUR: Students of technical institutes will now have a platform to address their grievances. With a view to rising confrontations between students and management, the All India Council for Technical Education ( AICTE) has directed all universities and colleges to appoint an ombudsman and a grievance redressal committee.The institutes feel a great need for a grievance redressal cell in times of turmoil. \"The committee and ombudsman have assigned powers to investigate complaints. Students will also be able to register complaints against their own institute/university,\" said the directive.The issues like conducting examinations, declaring results, sexual harassment, disputes among students and management will dealt with by the cell. These cells will have to address the complaints within a stipulated period of seven days.If the college fails to address the problem the same will be sent to the ombudsman. \"Though I have not received any letter in person but I have checked it online. RTU will seek compliance on the report at the earliest,\" said RP Yadav, vice chancellor, RTU.The state has 34 private universities spread across the state. RTU has 155 engineering and 110 management colleges. Many-a-times the law and order situation has gone out of control.Every institution must maintain a register in which students can file complaints.EOMJaipur: Students of technical institutes can now have a platform to address their grievances officially. Keeping in view the rising confrontation between students and management, the All India Council for Technical Education has directed all universities and colleges to appoint an ombudsman and grievance redresses committee.The decision would help in controlling chaotic situations involving students which state institutes experiences regularity in the absence of any grievance redressal cell in many technical colleges. \"The committee and ombudsman have assigned powers to investigate complaints. Students can also complaining against their own institute/university,\" said directive.The issues regarding conducting examinations and declaring results and sexual harassment cases, disputes among students and management will come under their purview. It says that cells in colleges should address the complaint in a stipulated period of seven days.If college fails to address the problem the same will be directed to universities' ombudsman. \"Though I have not received the letter in person but I have checked it online. RTU will compliance on the report at the earliest,\" said RP Yadav, vice chancellor, RTU.State has 34 private universities spread across the state. The Rajasthan technical University has 155 engineering and 110 management colleges. Many a times the law and order situation turned ugly and created a law and order situation.The move will help the state's growing technical education to get away from various law and order situations. For instance: This year a student of Amity University were stabbed to death by three other students followed by violent protest by students. This happens dueEvery institution must maintain a registry in which a student can record a complaint. When a complaint is received the ombudsman must seek an explanation from the institution concerned within seven days and conduct proceedings and dispose of the case within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15010682", "title": "Police verification of passports to go digital", "text": "BANGALORE: You needn't fret about delay in police verification of passports anymore. The success of the trial run of the new digital verification process indicates so. The trial held on Saturday and Sunday saw as many as 100 verification requests each getting downloaded at two police stations.Police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji and additional commissioner T Suneel Kumar held a meeting with the officers at Police Computer Wing (PCW) on Monday to work out the modalities on upgradation of the software and increasing the bandwidth for the digital process. The officers were confident that the new system would be in full swing within a month in all the 92 police stations. \"Over 900-odd police stations across the state will be connected within two months,\" additional director general of police (PCW) Praveen Sood told TOI.\"We held trials at Sadashivanagar and Ashoknagar police stations. Scanners are installed at all police stations for uploading digital signatures of the officers clearing the forms and that of the applicants. We found that the connectivity is slow with our own servers as 50% of bandwidth has been taken away by 12 police stations. The software will be upgraded and police personnel will be trained for the new system,\" he said.Sood said he was able to convince the ministry of external affairs officials that Karnataka, being the leader in technology, would be able to cut down delays in passport clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012150", "title": "Rahatni, Pimpri areas face water shortage", "text": "PUNE: People in parts of Rahatni and Pimpri are facing water shortage due to problems in the water distribution network, though there is no water cut in force in Pimpri-Chinchwad.Residents of Savita Khule chawl in Ramnagar area of Rahatni have been facing water shortage for the last one and half years. Nilesh Ingale, a resident, said, \"There are 50 rooms in the chawl. We need water supply twice a day. However, we get it only once, that too at low pressure and only for two hours after 5.30 pm. The water supplied is insufficient to meet our daily needs and there are often quarrels between residents over filling water.\"Sharad Jadhav, executive engineer, water supply department, Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC), said, \"The number of water connections is less compared to the number of residents in the chawl. We have told the residents to take more water connections.\"Residents of Antariksha, Mega Heights and other housing societies located near Annasaheb Magar stadium in Pimpri are also facing water shortage. Shivkumar Bennermuth, chairman, Mega Heights, said, \"There are 32 flats in our housing society. We have been facing water shortage since the last six months. Civic officials blamed it on more buildings coming up in the vicinity and told us to get a new water pipeline. We laid a new pipeline but the problem persists. The officials have told us to lay another pipeline. However, a permanent solution needs to be found.\"Earlier, the society used to call for water tankers but this proved too costly in the long run. \"We have stopped getting water tankers and members take water from nearby housing societies,\" said Bennermuth.Independent corporator Sameer Masulkar said, \"Anatriksha, Mega Heights, Manish Garden and Yashwantnagar are facing water shortage for some time and it as if we are living in a drought-affected area. I have spoken with civic officials about the situation, but they have no answers.\"The Kamgarnagar, Vastu Udyog and Kharalwadi areas, among others, in Pimpri are also facing shortage. Nationalist Congress Party corporator Amina Pansare said, \"People are complaining about water shortage problems in these areas since February. The civic officials said that the elevated reservoirs of the civic body are not getting filled to capacity due to which they are not able to give adequate water supply to all.\"Meanwhile, C P Chaudhary, executive engineer, PCMC water supply department, said, \"The residents of Mega Heights have been told that they have two one-inch connections which need to be replaced by two two-inch connections to increase the water supply. A new water pipeline has been laid in areas of Kharalwadi that are facing water shortage. The water supply is expected to improve in two days after this pipeline becomes operational. Kamgarnagar did not get water supply on Friday due to power failure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010249", "title": "Migratory birds face poaching threat at Rajendra Nagar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Known for its rich bird population, the wetlands around Rajendra Nagar are fast turning into a poachers' den. A recent case of two hunters being spotted here has left city environmentalists worried as they fear that such activities might further shrink Hyderabad's already depleted bird population. Apart from spot-billed ducks and peafowls, this marshy land is also believed to have a good number of coots, moorhens, little grebes and purple swamphens. Brown crakes that are indicative of a healthy habitat too have been routinely spotted here, say local birdwatchers.\"It is a downstream of Himayathsagar and has water all through the year. If conserved well, the area can attract more bird species,\" said birdwatcher Satyaranyana Srinivasan, who spotted the hunters a week ago. Explaining how the month of July marks the beginning of the breeding season for birds, he rued how poaching during this time of the year is heinous. \"Poaching itself is unlawful. To hunt at such a time is the worst crime one can commit,\" Srinivasan said.In addition to birds, the marsh land also has the odd feral pig, jungle cat, mongoose and monitor lizard, he added.And such illegal huntings are only likely to increase by the end of the year, fear environmentalists. Observations reveal that the number of poaching cases reported from around the city rise with the onset of the migratory season in November. This continues until the birds start to leave the local terrain in February. \"Poachers are primarily spotted around lakes. From the lesser whistling duck to the egret and coot, all are hunted in large numbers either for meat or for being sold in the local markets,\" said Farida Tampal, state director of World Wildlife Foundation ( WWF) India.Besides the famous Chowk Bazaar in the Old City where birds, both resident and exotic, are openly sold to customers, even a weekly market in Sanathnagar is infested with bird 'dealers.' Patridges, quails, sparrows and spot-billed ducks are commonly found here. \"Though the poaching has come down considerably in the city since the 1980s when hunters were seen shooting birds all through the year, it is still a matter of concern. The count of several birds once found in abundance has dropped now with just a handful available in the city,\" said wildlife expert Rajeev Mathew.Those like Shafaat Ullah, secretary of the Birdwatchers' Society of Andhra Pradesh, however, feel it is the shrinking habitats and not poaching that pose a larger threat to Hyderabad's bird population. But forest officials find nothing amiss. \"Bird poaching is not a serious concern at all. A few stray incidents are reported now and then, but that is about it,\" maintained V Tirumla Rao, forest range officer, anti-poaching squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014466", "title": "Ranadeb Bose's cameo in 3 Kanya", "text": "Ranadeb Bose has been roped in by Agnidev Chatterjee for \" 3 Kanya\".\"I play a cameo in the film as Rituparna Sengupta's ex-boyfriend. We both feature in a romantic song where a great deal about the characters' past is revealed. I was really nervous before the shoot, but Ritu and Agnida made it really easy for me. The shots are quite lovey-dovey and in that one song I've done everything I ever seen in romantic numbers,\" said Ranadeb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "namakkal", "code": "15011741", "title": "A month after wife goes missing, Chennai lecturer says he killed her", "text": "NAMAKKAL: A police team from Namakkal has arrived in Chennai to exhume the body of a 23-year-old woman, who was allegedly murdered by her husband on June 6 after she objected to his illicit relationship with a college student.Natarajan, 32, had surrendered before the Namakkal judicial magistrate on July 11, after police began investigations on a complaint filed by his father-in-law that his daughter and Natarajan's wife, Vijayalakshmi, was missing. The complaint was filed before Paramathi Velur police on June 6 and three police teams were probing the missing case.On Monday, Paramathi Velur police revealed that Natarajan, an assistant lecturer at a private engineering college in Padapai near Chennai, confessed to murdering Vijayalakshmi, 23. \"On interrogation, Natarajan confessed that he murdered his wife and buried her body behind his rented house in Chennai,\" police sources said.Natarajan confessed that on June 5 he asked his wife to come to Chennai. Vijayalakshmi arrived in Chennai on June 6 and discovered that her husband had been living with another woman. The owner of the house asked Vijayalakshmi who she was. When she told him she was Natarajan's wife, the landlord told her that another woman has been staying with her husband for the past three years claiming to be his wife. Vijayalakshmi confronted her husband and the two had an argument. On June 8, Natarajan took Vijayalakshmi for a walk behind his house and stabbed her to death. He then buried the body there.Police zeroed in on Natarajan after tracing calls he made to his wife when she was in Chennai. A police team left for Chennai on Monday to exhume Vijayalakshmi's body.Natarajan and Vijayalakshmi hailed from Kalipalayam in Namakkal and were married in November 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15010046", "title": "Child rights panel to scrutinize 3 reports", "text": "BHOPAL: The state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) will go through all three reports- police, medical and the school- related to the Carmel Convent incident, when a schoolgirl allegedly attempted suicide on June 29. The commission is likely to go through the reports tomorrow.Talking to TOI, commission chairperson Upma Rai said, \"The SP inspection report of the incident was submitted on late Friday evening.. Tomorrow, the inspection report, the medical report of the child and the report submitted by the principal of the school will be presented to the members. Thereupon it would be discussed and the reports would be tallied with one other to verify what actually transpired on the day of the incident.\"She also expressed concern over the 'false' reports that appeared in media about the inebriated state of the student while she attempted suicide. \"The report furnished by the school principal did not corroborate the report published in newspaper about the student. It is indeed worrying. Also, the hate messages she has received on social networking sites is appalling,\" she said.On June 28, Thursday afternoon, Shefali, daughter of Satya Narayan Sharma, a former Vidhan Sabha official and a resident of Rivera Township, had gone to school with her younger sister, Shruti. A student of Class XI, she had failed in science subjects and was unable to clear the papers even in the second and third attempts.On Thursday, she went to the school to talk to the school principal about the same issue and was insisting on meeting her. When she failed to get appointment from the principal, the girl came out and consumed rat poison allegedly in front of the school principal and then sleeping pills inher car.Taking suo motu cognisance of the reports carried in various newspapers about the suicide bid of Shefali Sharma, the class XI student of the school, a team from SCPCR had visited the girl admitted in a private hospital on Friday.The team had also met school principal Sr Reji and asked to furnish details on the attendance record of the student of the last two years and her mark-sheet of the last five years. Besides, the principal was also asked to provide the details of the complaints against her and what corrective measures were undertaken by the school. The report was submitted by Sr Reji on July 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011173", "title": "Back off, angry govt tells Obama", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after US President Barack Obama's call for lifting of foreign investment curbs by India, the government on Monday shot back asking Washington not to meddle with the country's internal affairs and suggested that the world's largest economy should lead the fight against protectionism. The statement came amid protests from the Opposition, which asked the government not succumb to US pressure.\"He (Obama) has every right to convey what his perceptions are but the policymaking is a sovereign decision and India's FDI policy regime is investor-friendly,\" commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma said at a press conference while referring to various reports to argue that India remained one of the most attractive investment destinations.\"...by all indications it is the regime, the climate that we have created in India through various policy measures, reforms, simplification, rationalization. We have followed a calibrated approach in following the path of economic reforms,\" the minister said.By evening the Prime Minister's Office too got into the act and pulled out a recent Unctad report to make the same points that Sharma had made earlier on Monday. \"India is the third most desirable destination for Foreign Direct Investment (FDI)- UNCTAD World Investmnent (sic) Report 2012,\" the PMO tweeted. It then went on to say that China and India saw inflows rise 8% and 31%, respectively.Interestingly, when the UNCTAD report was released earlier this month, it went largely unnoticed with only corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily talking about it.In an interview, Obama had said that that India prohibits foreign investment in too many sectors such as retail and endorsed another wave of economic reforms. \"It is still too hard to invest in India. In too many sectors, such as retail, India limits or prohibits the foreign investment...which is necessary for India to continue to grow,\" he had said.Interestingly, in contrast to government's angry retaliation, Congress came up with a stoic response, advising all \"not to get hot under collar\".The BJP reacted strongly with former finance minister Yashwant Sinha describing it as irresponsible and said the country did not need his advice on the investment climate or FDI in multi-brand retail. \"If we have a problem it will be sorted out among ourselves. As far as FDI in multi-brand retail is concerned, his advice is completely unsolicited. He has not strengthened the cause by making such remarks,\" he said.On its part, CPM termed the US president's statement as \"a brazen attempt\" to pressurize the UPA government. Asking the government not to succumb to this \"pressure\", the CPI(M) politburo said the party \"objects to the remarks made by Obama that India open the doors to Wal-Mart for retail trade and other American investments in India.\"The government, which has been pushing for allowing retail chains to set up multi-brand stores in the country, did not comment on it but asked the US to focus on removing barriers to trade such as a hike in visa fees.\"We would rather urge the US to demonstrate leadership in bringing down barriers, encouraging capital flows and trade in the world which is good for every economy. The US should be leading the fight against protectionism and taking forward the stalled Doha Development Round of the WTO to a meaningful conclusion,\" Sharma added.Congress said there was \"no need to get hot under the collar\" over Obama's remarks on \"deteriorating\" investment climate in India, contending that a mature democracy should take the observations in its stride and move on.\"I think the one thing the world understood in the past 62 years is that whatever decision India takes ...it takes in its own enlightened national interest,\" party spokesman Manish Tewari told reporters.He said there was \"no need to get hot under the collar\" if certain statements are made by certain distinguished people or even if comments are made by certain newspapers and magazines.\"If at all there is any need to clarify, those clarifications have been given.....and I think as a matured democracy we should factor these observations in our stride and move on\", Tewari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15011787", "title": "Emergency cardiac care at public places soon", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Rotary Club of Coimbatore in association with Philips India, would be installing the Automated External Defibrillator (AED) in public places in the city. The AED is a portable electronic device that automatically diagnoses the potentially life-threatening cardiac rhythm disturbances in a patient and is able to treat them through defibrillation, the application of electrical therapy which stops arrhythmia, allowing the heart to re-establish an effective rhythm. Speaking to TOI, J Bala Venkat, project coordinator, said the installation of the machine is undertaken by the club as part of their project, Save Life.Explaining the importance of the machine he said when sudden cardiac arrest (SCA) strikes, the electrical system of the heart short circuits, causing the heart to quiver rather than pump in a normal rhythm. It typically results in the abnormal heart rhythm know as ventricular fibrillation (VF). It usually happens without warning and a majority of people who suffer from it have no previously recognized symptoms of heart disease.For the best chance of survival from SCA caused by VF, a defibrillator should be used within 5 minutes. Yet, less than 1 in 20 people survive largely because a defibrillator does not arrive in time. Venkat claimed that it is first of its kind project in the entire country, which would help many people in an emergency. Usually, these machines are installed in hospitals or in certain cases, in industries, to deal with emergency cases of cardiac arrest.In developed countries, the machines are installed in the public areas.The project will be inaugurated on July 19 at the Chamber Hall on Avinashi Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15010043", "title": "New Market: Two more days to go for hawker-free zone", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation's (BMC) plan to turn New Market into a hawker-free zone from Monday has been delayed for at least two more days.\"It will take another day or two for us to make New Market and other areas of Bhopal vendor-free zones. The corporation has issued notices to the hawkers to vacate areas marked as red zones for vendors. We are waiting for the no objection report from the officials. It is expected to arrive in a day or a two. As soon as it arrives, we will start evacuating hawkers,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.The corporation had issued notices to vendors a month ago.The Urban Administration department (UAD) in January this year had chalked out a plan to decongest some areas of Bhopal by regulating presence of hawkers. This includes New Market, congested markets of Old Bhopal like Chowk and Arera Colony. The UAD plan proposed to divide the city into three vending zones -red, green and yellow. The red zones would be no-hawker zones while hawkers would be allowed in yellow zones from 6 pm to 9 pm in residential areas like Arera Colony. Green zones would actually be the hawkers zones where they would be allowed to carry out business.Last week, BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said that the plan would be implemented in Bhopal from July 16.As per the plan, New Market would be banned for hawkers. Only registered vendors would be allowed to do business in some selected localities of Bhopal. This meant no hawker would be allowed to do business inside as well as outside New Market. However, hawkers in New Market, deny of receiving any such notice from the corporation. \"The local governing body has neither given us anything in writing nor has verbally intimated us regarding vacating this place,\" Shyam Sunder, a hawker at New Market said.The corporation plans to shift these roadside hawkers in the hawker's corners in various parts of the city. Around 3,200 out of 5,219 registered hawkers in the corporation are given identity cards, who will be allowed to do business on roads in these zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15010369", "title": "6 dead as tractor-trolley overturns in Simrol", "text": "INDORE: At least six people including two children were killed and a dozen were injured when a tractor-trolley carrying Kawaria pilgrims turned turtle between Simrol and Choral at Khandwa Road at around 9.30 pm on Monday.Senior Superintendent of police (SSP) A Sai Manohar said that six people were killed and few sustained injuries and some have been referred to MY Hospital while few others are being treated in Simrol area.There are unconfirmed reports that eight persons were killed. Six bodies were taken out late night hours by the Simrol police station. In charge of Simrol police station Ajit Kumar Patel said that he had sent all injured in different hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15010772", "title": "Para teachers gherao Madarsa board chairman's office", "text": "JAIPUR: Expressing their anger against the Madarsa board chairman Fazle Haq, a group of 200 para teachers gheraoed his office demanding regularization of jobs. The para teachers alleged that Haq is ruining Madarsa education by not acting on their demands.Ameen Kaimkhany, state president, Rajasthan Urdu Teachers Association, has urged the Madarsa Board to hear teachers' grievances. \"It is impossible for teachers to impart quality education on a monthly remuneration of Rs 3,500, which is lower than that of a MNREGA worker,\" said Kaimkhany.The state has 5,700 para teachers teaching in 3,500 Madarsas. They are full-time teachers who teach all routine subjects. Kaimkhany said that on the one hand, CM Ashok Gehlot had announced to raise Madarsa education up to secondary level while on other hand, para teachers are meagrely paid discouraging others from joining the Madarsas.The para teachers demonstrated raising slogans like, 'Maulana Hatao...Congress Bacho.' They accused state for appointing Usman Gani as the board secretary, who is a teacher and not an RAS officer as demanded by the post, calling it one of the many reasons for their demands not being met.EomJaipur: Expressing their anger against the Madarsa Board Chairman Fazle Haq, a group of 200 para teachers' ghereod the office of Haq demanding regularization of jobs. The para teachers alleged that Haq is ruing Madarsa education while inacting on the demands of Madarsa teachers.Ameen Kaimkhany, state president, Rajasthan Urdu Teachers Association has urged the Madarsa Board to hear the grievance of teachers. \"It is unexpected for teachers to give quality education in a a monthly remuneration of rs 3500 which is less than MNREGA worker,\" said Kaimkhany.State has 5700 para teachers teaching in 3500 Madarsas. They are full time teachers who teaches all routine subjects. Kaimkhany said that at one hand CM Ashok Gehlot had announced to raise Madarsa education upto secondary level while on other hand para teachers are meagerly paid discouraging others to join Madarsa services.The para teachers stated demonstration raising slogans 'Maulana Hatao...Congress Bacho.' The accused state for being apathy towards minorities' education as the board secretary Usman Gani who is a teacher. Notably, para teachers were recruited on the basis of merit by Madarsa Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011008", "title": "Adani Power Ltd revives coal mine plan near Tadoba", "text": "NAGPUR: Three years after Adani Power Ltd (APL) proposal for coal mining was rejected in Lohara west and Lohara extension near Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) in Chandrapur, the power major is back in action. It is seeking environment clearance to its mining plan with slightly changed boundaries. It would still entail loss of over 1400 hectares of forests which is equivalent to 1300 football fields.Papers in possession of TOI show that on April 7, 2012, APL through Santosh Kumar Singh, general manager (corporate environment group), submitted a revised proposal to the state nodal officer proposing to reduce the area of Lohara coal blocks by removing compartment numbers 389 (379 hectares) and 390 (221 hectares) in Mamla under the FDCM. Both are in buffer zone of TATR.Earlier, Adani was allocated Lohara west and Lohara extension coal blocks in Wardha valley coalfield in November 2007 to meet fuel requirement of Tiroda power project in Gondia district about 160 kms from the site. In November 2009, a high-level panel of ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) backed by then in charge minister Jairam Ramesh had rejected the proposal saying the mining project was within the buffer zone of TATR and the area was part of the tiger corridor.A five-member committee has been set up to examine Adani's revised proposal. The panel is headed by CCF (territoral), Chandrapur, while CCF of TATR, general manager of FDCM (North Chandrapur), deputy conservators of Chandrapur and Brahmapuri are members. The committee has been asked to submit a report whether the revised proposal will affect wildlife, its corridors and TATR.Ramesh also suggested that MoEF and ministry of coal (MoC) must work in tandem to identify 'Go' and 'No-Go' zones. The proponents were asked to meet the deficit in coal requirement by importing coal or from other coal blocks. However, after change of guard in the MoEF, Adani again wants to enter area known for rich wildlife presence. Recently, coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal had also said that environment clearances had become easier after Ramesh's exit.In an MoC meeting on January 11 &amp; 12, 2012, 195 coal block allottees under 'Go' and 'No Go' zones were advised to pursue forest clearances afresh. Accordingly, APL has begun fresh bid for Lohara blocks. Work on company's 3300MW power project in Tiroda is in full swing. It is being implemented in two phases. The Phase I (1320MW) is planned to be commissioned in 2012 while Phase II (1980mw) is slated to be completed in 2012-2017.\"The company has sent an urgent request to the MoC to convince the MoEF to grant environment and forest clearance with redefined boundary of Lohara west and Lohara extension,\" senior forest officials told TOI. The original proposal needed diversion of 1,750 hectares land of which 1,600 hectares was forest land. In revised plan, 1,550 hectare land is needed of which 1,402 hectares is forest land. However, deleting two compartments will not reduce threat to TATR and dispersing tigers.Vishwas Karanjgaokar, public relations officer (PRO) for corporate affairs, Adani Enterprises Ltd , said the company will submit an entirely new proposal by conducting a fresh survey of flora and fauna in the affected area. However, Bandu Dhotre, chief of Eco-Pro, Chandrapur, who had launched a 14-day hunger strike in 2009 against proposed coal mines in Lohara warned of a renewed struggle.\"The Adani mines in Lohara will lead to loss of over 13 lakh trees, apart from losing tiger corridor towards south-east. What is need to re-allot these coal blocks which have already been rejected earlier by the MoEF to firms like ACC and Nippon in 1998 and again to Adani in 2009,\" Dhotre asked.On Sunday, state chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, appearing in a live TV programme to save the tigers, had said mining will not be allowed near the tiger reserves in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15011342", "title": "Abhinav Bindra doesn't figure in ISSF Super25 chart!", "text": "BANGALORE: Olympic champion Abhinav Bindra failed to find a place in the 'Super Chart' compiled by the official magazine of the International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF) which predicted \"an open match, for champions only\" in the men's 10m air rifle competition at the Olympic Games in London.The ISSF NEWS Magazine's \"Super25 Chart\" combined numbers, results and statistics based on the last Olympic cycle (2009-2012) to put China's Zhu Qinan, whom Bindra beat for in Beijing, on top of the list. \"Two of the possible stars of the 10m air rifle men's event, China's Zhu Qinan and Italy's Niccolo Campriani , stated that they are focusing on a different event. They are concentrated on the 50m rifle 3 positions men event, as they said. But, statistics tell a different story, as the two top-ranked shooters find themselves at the top of our Super25 Chart,\" the report said.Gagan Narang placed eighthHowever, the ISSF magazine was not ready to take the Indians lightly with Gagan Narang placed 8th. \"The current Olympic champion, India's first Olympic gold medallist Abhinav Bindra, did not have his best performance at the last Olympic cycle, when he took off some time from shooting to follow the projects of his foundation. But he made it to the Games, and he is still one of the top air rifle shooters of the world, along with his teammate Gagan Narang, a former world record holder who won 3 ISSF medals in the last cycle,\" the magazine said in a preview.\"Zhu participated in 15 ISSF events in the last four years, making it to 14 finals, and winning six of them (and finishing 10 times on the podium). Not bad, for someone who declared he was focusing on a different event (50m rifle 3 position). So, he will go to London, and compete in both events with a clear goal,\" the magazine says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014788", "title": "Tom Cruise having video chats with daughter Suri", "text": "Tom Cruise has been video chatting with his daughter Suri in the wake of his split with Katie Holmes .According to Radar Online, the estranged couple were advised that online chats could be \"a very useful tool\" to help their 6-year-old daughter with the adjustment of their divorce.Their reunion may be imminent, but Cruise and his six-year-old daughter have already logged some serious face time since Holmes filed for divorce.\"It's all part of the divorce settlement that Tom be allowed to video chat with Suri. Likewise, when Suri is with Tom, Katie can video chat with her,\" the New York Daily News quoted a source as telling the website.\"Tom and Katie were advised that this could be a very useful tool to help Suri with the adjustment of her parents getting divorced. Tom and Suri have been video chatting, and Tom just lights up when her face appears on the computer screen.\"Tom and Suri also communicate on the telephone and there is no limit on the contact for either parent. If Suri wants to talk to Tom, she will call him,\" the source said.Cruise, 50, wrapped shooting on his sci-fi flick 'Oblivion' Saturday night and was photographed jetting out of Mammoth Lakes, California , on Sunday, according to E! Online.He is expected to see Suri in short order, his lawyer said.\"Tom will be seeing Suri very soon. I don't know exactly when that will be, and I couldn't tell you, but I do know it will be very soon,\" lawyer Bert Fields said.\"Tom loves his Suri very, very much, as he does his other two children. Tom is a family man and dedicated to his children. They are the centre of his world,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15015334", "title": "Chennai college signs MoU to get industry exposure for students", "text": "CHENNAI: A Chennai engineering college has entered into a partnership with the Computer Science Corporation (CSC) to work on projects specified by the industry in return for internships and mentoring from the industry.The Alpha College of Engineering has signed a memorandum of understanding with CSC to start the Collaborative Open Innovation Network. Through the COIN initiative CSC will assign projects to select students, guide them and monitor the progress made by the students continuously according to a timeline set by them. Students selected through the program shall have regular interaction with CSC mentors. In addition to getting industry exposure and mentors from the industry, the students also get a certificate indicating the project they have worked on and their performance from CSC.The MoU was signed by CSC managing director Brian Manning, and principal of Alpha College of Engineering S Selvan. Grace George, chairperson of Alpha Group of Institutions, said, \"Students do not often get an opportunity to have persons with 10 to 15 years of industry experience at the national and global levels as technical mentors. Alpha works intensively with companies and international universities to facilitate such opportunities. The COIN initiative will help students have a better understanding of industry culture and expectations when undergoing their course.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15011592", "title": "Modern agriculture practices to be introduced Khushkhera-Bhiwadi-Neemrana zone", "text": "JAIPUR: The ensure availability of water for industrial use in Khushkhera-Bhiwadi-Neemrana (KBN) zone on the Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor (DMIC), state government will develop the zone as the modern agriculture hub. State government officials have been asked to submit a detailed plan to department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) by December 2012.While 85% water in the zone is utilized for agricultural purposes, the state government has intensified efforts to implement modern and efficient practices to ensure optimum use of resource and check wastage. This, in turn, will ensure adequate water supply for the industrial and manufacturing zone.The public health and engineering department ( PHED) and water resources department have been delegated the responsibility to chalk out the plan. The issue was raised during the meeting between state officials and DIPP secretary Saurabh Chandra during his maiden visit to the state after taking charge of the department. The state government will plan the project while DMIC will fund it.\"The DMIC project has been planned to enable a strong economic base with a globally competitive environment and state-of-the-art infrastructure. So, we will bring best practices followed in agriculture and horticulture to the KBN zone. These will ensure optimum use of water and improve the agricultural production too,\" said officials.DMIC is being developed as constructed for setting up of national industrial manufacturing zones (NIMZ) under the new national manufacturing policy.The proposed zone is spread over 150 sq km area. Thirty nine per cent of the DMIC will pass through the state. The flagship infrastructure project in the country is estimated to attract investments worth $90 billion.To expedite the process, the state government has started the land acquisition on the proposed corridor. The government has recently issued notification under Section 4 of the Land Acquisition Act and hearing in some cases in on progress. Rajasthan state industrial development and investment corporation (RIICO) will acquire 1,506 hectares of land for the first node of the project.The first node would cover Khushkhera-Bhiwadi-Neemrana investment region, which will have early bird projects such as aerotropolis (urban plan centred around an airport), knowledge city and a 70-km road link between Neemrana and Bhiwadi.\"The matter regarding the permission for aerotropolis project was also raised. DMIC officials assured that they will take up the matter with the Union aviation ministry on a priority basis,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010258", "title": "GHMC to erect new sign boards", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to erect new signboards on important road stretches in view of the Conference of Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP-11).As part of beautification of the city along with providing information to delegates participating in the COP-11, the corporation has decided to provide signboards on 17 roads by dividing them into three packages, GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh said.The roads include Hi-Tec City to Nagarjuna Circle, Road No 1 and 12 to Jubilee Hills checkpost, Telugu Talli flyover to CTO via Tank Bund, RP Road to NTR Statue at Rasoolpura, Raj Bhavan to Ravindra Bharathi, Golconda Fort to Tolichowki, SD Eye Hospital to Outer Ring Road at Gachibowli and other stretches.The new signboards indicating important locations and tourists spots would be erected at a cost of Rs 9 crore. Two firms have been engaged for erecting the signboards within 75 days, of which 629 boards would be the street names, 58 gantries, 454 triangular boards and 84 cantilever signboards.GHMC has already started beautification works on flyovers with the help of JNTU College of Fine Arts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15013668", "title": "Looking for sub-Rs 20K notebook, help", "text": "My budget is between Rs 15,000 and Rs 17,000. I am looking to buy a notebook PC with a webcam and all the other latest options. What should I go for?\u2014Deepali KordeWhile prices of notebooks have fallen drastically in recent times, they haven't yet hit the point that your budget allows you. What you can opt for instead is a netbook. The biggest difference between a notebook and a netbook is that the latter does not have a DVD drive. Apart from that, netbooks are equipped with a different class of processor that does not provide the same high performance you would get from a full-fledged notebook; but they are quite sufficient for most common tasks such as working with office documents, browsing the web, etc. And yes, these lower-power processors also give you much better battery life. Most netbooks in your budget will feature an Intel Atom processor.Try and look for a device with the 1.6GHz dual-core Intel N2600 processor and the Intel GMA 3650 graphics chipset, which can playback HD movies. The screen size in this range would be around 10 inches, while the hard drive space would be either 250GB or 320GB. And netbooks usually come with 6-cell batteries promising around 9 hours of usage on a single charge.The one thing you should keep in mind while making your buying decision is the operating system (OS). Several netbooks come with Linux or Free DOS preinstalled, and this could pose a problem for users who are not familiar with either of these operating systems.For most users, the convenience and comfort of Windows is a premium worth paying for. For a Windows-based netbook, you will almost certainly get the Windows 7 Starter Edition version.Also, Windows 7 has higher RAM requirements - the more you have, the better your machine will perform. In our opinion, 1GB of RAM on a Windows 7 netbook might be too little for a sustained smooth experience. So try and buy a netbook with 2GB of DDR3 RAM.Finally, since you have noted that a webcam is important to you, it might be worthwhile to check if the machine also has a built-in microphone or not. Sure, you can always hook up a headset to make video calls, but the combination of a built-in microphone and stereo speakers is extremely convenient.Keeping these points in mind, there are two options that seem to fit your requirements: The Asus R051CX and the Acer Aspire One AOD 270. Both netbooks feature the processor mentioned above, 320GB hard drive, VGA webcam, stereo speakers, Wi-Fi, Ethernet connectivity, Bluetooth, USB ports and 6-cell batteries.The Asus model additionally offers Windows 7 Starter Edition, 1GB of RAM and a built-in mic. The Acer model comes with Linux, 2GB RAM, HDMI connectivity, and a port for your microphone. There is another version of the Acer AOD 270 that is loaded with Windows 7, but it will stretch your budget a little.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15011757", "title": "17 imposters held while appearing in PMT at Rohtak", "text": "ROHTAK: Seventeen candidates have been detained on the charge of impersonation during the pre-medical test (PMT) for admission in MBBS and other medical courses in the private medical colleges of Haryana at Rohtak on Sunday.The authorities at Pt Bhagwat Dayal Sharma University of Health Sciences, Rohtak which is conducting the examination caught these persons and handed them over to the police for further action.The varsity spokesperson Seema Dahiya informed that a total of 1,190 aspirants are appearing in the entrance examination for the MBBS, BDS and other undergraduate medical courses in the private colleges of Haryana.The test is being held for 120 MBBS seats and other courses. She said during checking by the varsity team, 17 cases of impersonation were detected. \"The authorities verified their documents and found that these persons were appearing in the examination on behalf of the bona fide examinees\", the spokesperson said, adding that the suspects had been handed over to the police.The authorities informed that most of the imposters were hailing from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. During preliminary inquiry, these youths informed that a middleman identified as Vijay had taken them to the exam center for a deal to clear the examination\", said the sources adding that police would further interrogate these persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15012644", "title": "CM\u2019s visit does not deter cycling enthusiasts", "text": "Mysore: Though the CM's brief visit to the city on Monday affected top officials' plan to cycle to the workplace, DC P S Vastrad still managed to take his bicycle around even as he adhered to the protocol of him requiring to follow the CM, traveling in his official car.Into its fourth week, cycle to work has found takers with 122 government employees pedalling to work, according to figures available with the DC's office. Mysore urban development authority (MUDA), which took the lead with majority of its employees cycling, has been overtaken by the Mysore City Corporation (MCC) employees.As against 37 MUDA staff members, 45 employees attached to the MCC cycle to work. There are 12 volunteers for the revenue department.Once the VIPs left for Bangalore at around 1.30 pm, the DC hopped on to a bicycle and attended an event hosted by the Chamundeshwari Electricity Supply Corporation (CESC) at Kalamandir and pedalled back to his office.MUDA commissioner C G Betsurmath too cycled to MUDA from his Kuvempunagar residence after he was done with the protocol duties.The officials said they were forced to use their vehicles since the CM was in town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011119", "title": "Kolkata turns into Global Village", "text": "KOLKATA: The flagbearers of France, Portugal, Brazil, Italy, Russia, China, Hungary, Canada, Czech Republic, Ukraine and Israel were greeted by upbeat music and cheer. The teams then battled it out and India emerged winner, with Ukraine coming second. Sounds like a dream, or perhaps, the mock Olympics? Neither - on Monday, the La Martiniere for Girls campus turned into a 'Global Village', with support from AIESEC Kolkata, American Center Kolkata, and Friends Of Alumni, Colleges, Educational Institutes And Schools (FACES). Representatives from over a dozen countries kicked off the five-day cultural exchange with a competition, 'Global Grooves - Dances of the World', where LMG students bagged the top spot.\"At the Global Village, students from participating schools have created stalls representing different countries, staffed with an intern from the country itself,\" said the organizers. The event was inaugurated by MoS for urban development Saugata Roy and Bishop of Kolkata, Ashoke Biswas, with Jeffrey K Reneau (director, American Center) Imran Zaki of FACES, LMG principal Lorraine Mirza, Chirag Challani (AIESEC president) and Sitaram Sharma of Webfuna as chief guests. Industrialists Harshavardhan Neotia, Sanjay Budhia and Mrigank Mouli from the British Council were the guests of honour.\"In the age of IT and social networking, we are already living in a global village,\" said the Bishop. Saugata Roy echoed him. \"I'm very happy that so many countries were represented. Hopefully, a day will come when all 193 countries in the world will participate in such an event. All knowledge is now available on the internet and we do live in a global village. But no matter how many Facebook friends you have, there is no alternative to face-to-face interaction,\" said the Trinamool leader, whose party has recently taken to cyber campaigning with a gusto.\"The Government of India spends crores on maintaining and fostering diplomatic links. You students can do a far better job at building international relations,\" he told the teenagers.Harsh Neotia took a walk down memory lane. \"I'm not just a La Martiniere for Boys alumnus, but also a former LMG student,\" he chuckled. \"Back in those days, the KG-level was co-ed. So, I had enrolled in LMG and moved on to LMB,\" he explained. \"The teachers made sure the boys came nowhere near the girls,\" he remembered not so fondly.\"This is my daughter's school and the initiative has left me speechless,\" said Sanjay Budhia. \"These children have excelled where politicians and diplomats have struggled,\" the Patton MD echoed the minister.\"It's very important that students have exposure at an international level. What's most heartening is the involvement of smaller institutions like Jewish School (that represented Israel) and St Stephen's Bowbazar, an NGO school (that represented Italy). It is a great boost for the children and they are upbeat over the rest of the festival, as this is a five-day event,\" said Imran Zaki, president of FACES.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15012151", "title": "Chandigarh cops to use pepper sprays to control mobs", "text": "Though controversy over the use of less-than-lethal weapon \u2014 pepper spray \u2014 by police forces and security agencies continues across the world, Chandigarh police is all set to use this inflammatory spray to control mobs and violent protestors in the city.Use of pepper spray immediately causes the eyes to close, making one go temporarily blind, and also causes severe respiratory problems. Though these effects remain for nearly 30-40 minutes, in extremely rare cases pepper spray has also had deadly consequences.Cops need to be trained properly in handling pepper spray and they have to know the angles at which the spray can be used to avoid direct contact with the eyes and injection into the nose and throat. Strong media intervention on potential dangers of pepper spray has triggered growing public concern over its usage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14990299", "title": "Is it pay-back time for Katrina?", "text": "They might have split long back, but Salman-Katrina relationship appears rock solid now.One may recall the fourth season of Bigg Boss when the two had just called off their relationship. The wound was still raw for Salman which was very apparent while he was hosting the show and Katrina was there to promote her film during one of the episodes. He had made quite a few digs at Katrina and the actress almost broke down couple of times. But now the circumstances have undergone a sea-change.When the two came together for the promotion of Ek Tha Tiger recently, Salman was pulling her leg throughout but there was no bitterness. He praised her for the efforts she has put in for the film. Their bond seems to have strengthened and looks like it is pay back time for Katrina who is rumoured to be playing a caring friend in times of Salman's illness.Apparently, the superstar of Bollywood is not fit enough to act in films post Dabangg 2 unless he undergoes a critical surgery. \"We are all worried for him and are forcing him to get the operation done as soon as possible,\" says a close friend of the actor, who has found the source of comfort in his long-standing friend Katrina. The actress, who is also working with Shah Rukh Khan for yet another Yashraj film, has planned her schedule in a way that she can be with Salman during the operation.One must give it to Salman, that except for Ash, the large-hearted hero of the masses has maintained good relations with almost every ex-flame of his.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012272", "title": "Traffic cop hurt after car rams into his bike", "text": "MUMBAI: Traffic constable Ramesh Bomanwad (41) suffered a hairline fracture on his right hand and had to undergo surgery on his left eye after a car hit his bike on the Adi Shankaracharya Marg in Powai on Sunday. Powai police said the car belongs to steel trader Rishi Jain (38), resident of Shimmering Heights, Powai.Jain was trying to reverse his car and park it in front of a sweet shop by the roadside at 10am on Sunday when it hit Bomanwad's bike was heading towards the Sakinaka Traffic division where he is attached with.\"The police reached the spot immediately after the incident. Jain did not flee from the spot and took Bomanwad to Hiranandani Hospital and he was later shifted to Fortis Hospital in Mulund,\" said Powai police senior inspector Bhajirao Bhosale.Jain was driving back home with his family at the time of the incident. \"Jain said he stopped the car after they crossed the sweet shop. As it was Sunday and there was less traffic on the road, Jain said he decided to reverse his car to enter a service road. He didn't notice Bomanwad's bike behind his vehicle, which led to the accident,\" said assistant inspector V S Mane.Mane said Jain did not follow other motorists act after meeting with an accident. \"The incident occurred at the junction. The constable suffered hand injury and surgery to his left eye. His motorcycle was damaged from the front while the car's tail light was damaged,\" he said.Kalyan resident Bomanwad, who is attached to the Saki Naka traffic division, underwent surgery on his left eye on Sunday and was set to be discharged on Monday. \"I was heading to work when the mishap occurred. Doctors said I will be discharged soon. The treatment costs have been borne by the Saki Naka traffic division in-charge,\" Bomanwad said.A Sakinaka traffic division officer said Bomanwad will be out of duty for a month as he has to recover the injury suffered on his left eye.Jain was booked under various sections of the IPC and released on bail on Monday.TOI repeatedly tried to talk with Jain on Monday afternoon but in vain. He was booked under IPC sections for 279 (rash driving), 338 (grievous hurt by act endangering life). He was also booked under the MV Act for 177 and 233 (reversing negligently). He was released on bail on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15012712", "title": "Taliban storm Pak police post, 4 killed", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Burqa-clad Taliban militants on Monday stormed a police station used by local intelligence personnel at Bannu in northwest Pakistan and took several hostage, before securitymen stormed the building to end the siege. Four Taliban fighters were killed and another captured following a heavy exchange of fire. Two militants wearing suicide vests blew themselves up while two more were shot dead. The fifth attacker was arrested by police.Around 10 security personnel were injured. Initial reports had said a policeman was killed but officials later clarified that he was seriously injured. A group of five attackers, all wearing burqas, stormed the police station at around 9.45am after lobbing several grenades. At least eight cops taken hostage by the militants were freed at the end of the three-hour siege. The Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan claimed responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15015211", "title": "Vodafone objects 'liberalisation' clause in DoT norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is no difference between the 'liberalisation' agenda that the DoT has now announced and what is already permitted under policy and license, including the previous telecom policy, Vodafone said today.\"Technology neutrality is enshrined in our licences and there is simply no justification to require us to pay an auction-discovered price for the permission to do what we are already entitled to,\" Vodafone India's Resident Director TV Ramachandran said in a statement.DoT in the guidelines for auction of spectrum has said that service providers may be allowed to convert their existing 1800 MHz spectrum (used for 2G services) to liberalised spectrum for a period of 20 years on payment of the auction-determined price.In India, 2G GSM services are being provided using airwaves frequencies in 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz band and CDMA services using 800 Mhz band.DoT guidelines were issued following recommendations from Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( Trai) which said that spectrum that is purchased through auction should be liberalised which will allow to use any technology for providing wireless service using airwaves allocated to them.Ramachandran further said the industry had already written to the Empowered Group of Ministers through COAI, seeking that this anomaly be corrected immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011128", "title": "3 more deaths from Chandipura virus", "text": "NAGPUR: The deadly Chandipura virus has taken a toll of three more children in the last five days in the region. The death toll due to the disease has touched 17 in the month since June 15. Out of the reported 29 children afflicted in Nagpur division (six districts), 17 have died due to the viral fever, which kills a child if it reaches the brain. All the deaths have occurred in rural areas.VR Zare, assistant director of malaria for Nagpur Circle, told TOI that the virus had killed more children in Bhandara and Chandrapur districts since June. So far, Bhandara district has reported six deaths from reported 11 attacks on children while Chandrapur district has reported five deaths out of seven children infected.They are followed by three deaths in Nagpur district out of four reported attacks, two deaths in Wardha district out of the three reported cases and one death out of three reported cases in Gadchiroli district. No case has been reported so far in Nagpur municipal limits.The deaths since June 12 include one death each in village Rampur in Chandrapur district, village Gunjkheda in Wardha district and village Shendri in Bhandara district. Kushal Kumre (6) from Kushal Kumre village died in government hospital at Chandrapur on June 13. Urvesh Khadse (4) from village Gunjkheda died at Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences at Wardha and Mayuri Arvind (3) from Shendri village dies at the Government Medical College and Hospital in Nagpur.A five-member team headed by Dr Yogesh Gurav from National Institute of Virology (NIV), Pune, visited the region on Monday on the request of the directorate of health services, government of Maharashtra, to investigate the reasons and actual situation of the outbreak in the region. Dr Gurav told TOI that he would submit a report with 4-5 days.\"It is sad that so many children died due to the Chandipura like fever but we should also not forget that out of the 28 children affected doctors could save 12 children. Since there is no specific medicine or treatment for the Chandipura viral fever, which is generally accompanied by gastrointestinal problems too, doctors have to treat the patient symptomatically. It is easier to manage a patient if he/she is brought immediately after the onset of fever,\" said Dr Zare.The virus attacks the brain within few hours of the infection, leading to convulsions and alteration of senses with vomiting. The Chandipura virus is named after the village Chandipura in Bhandara district where it was first detected by NIV in 1965. The virus, known to be carried in dormant stage by sand flies, which live near domestic animals like cows and buffaloes, is transferred from the fly to human beings specifically during monsoon.Chandipura viral fever is also mostly a disease of the villages, since animals are found in more numbers in rural areas. However, a case was reported in Nagpur city last year. But the child survived the attack.What is Chandipura virusChandipura virus named after Chandipura village in Bhandara district in Vidarbha, where it was first reported in 1965. It had caused havoc in eastern Vidarbha in 2005. It made a comeback and killed 15 children in 2009, 31 children in 2010 and 12 children in 2011.How is it transmittedHuman beings get it from sand fly, which thrives in cattle sheds. It transmits the virus when it bites humans during the night. Sand flies live on cattle from the beginning of summer to rainy season.Symptoms* Acute or high fever during night* Fever accompanied with convulsions due to severe effect on the brain* Gastro-intestinal tract disturbance causing vomitingTreatmentBeing a viral disease there is no vaccine as yet. But patients are treated with broad spectrum antibiotics and life saving drugsPrecautions/preventions* Use mosquito nets* Keep surroundings near homes clean* Keep animals away from homes during the season* Take children immediately to hospital after onset of fever to prevent infection from reaching the brain, which could lead to deathWhy does it kill children?Children below 16 years of age are more prone to death due to low immunity during the age, anaemia and malnutrition. Children have also have less, what is called in medical terms, cell mediated immunity, which makes them bigger target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15012230", "title": "Milkman shot by masked assailants", "text": "VARANASI: A milkman, Parshuram Yadav (45), was shot by three assailants near Ekla village, under the jurisdiction of Cholapur police, on Monday. The killing took place when Yadav was returning home from a bank. Police were trying to know whether the murder took place in loot bid or other dispute.Yadav had gone to Murdaha Bazaar branch of a nationalized bank to withdraw cash for the treatment of his father at 11 am. After withdrawing money, he left the bank for home on a bicycle. When he turned on link road from Bhojubir-Sindhora road to reach his village, three masked miscreants riding a motorcycle, intercepted him.They had an exchange of heated words with Yadav. When the miscreants tried to loot cash from Yadav, he tried to escape by jumping in a field. The miscreants opened fire on him. On hearing the sound of firing, the villagers ran towards the spot. Sensing danger, the assailants fled from the scene.The villagers and family members of Yadav rushed him to Deen Dayal Upadhyaya district hospital where he died during the course of treatment. The family members could also not make it clear whether he was killed in loot bid or in some other dispute.Body found: Body of Chhotelal (35), a native of Gutki village, falling under the limits of Hallia police, in Mirzapur was found in Adwa river on Monday morning. The hand and legs were tied with rope. The police suspect that he was murdered before throwing his body into the river. Chhotelal, whose wife died six years back, had three daughters. His father lodged a complaint with police in this connection.Youth drowns: Kallu Mansoori (19), a native of Chetganj, located under the jurisdiction of Katra Kotwali police in Mirzapur district, drowned in Kushahra fountain in Hallia on Sunday evening. His body was fished out on Monday. The incident occurred when he had gone for picnic with his friends on Sunday.Auto driver stabbed, looted in busy Visheshwarganj market: Shivshankar Patel (52), an auto driver of edible oil wholesaler, sustained serious injuries on Monday afternoon when he was stabbed in a loot bid in busy Visheshwarganj market on Monday afternoon.Patel, a native of Madhyameshwar, was going to Visheshwarganj branch of a bank to deposit cash. He was carrying money in a bag. When he reached near the bank, miscreants tried to snatch his bag.When Patel offered resistance, the miscreants stabbed him and fled after looting the cash. The incident led to chaos in the busy market, which is considered to be the biggest mandi of foodgrains and oil in east UP. The local traders rushed Patel to SPG Hospital. On noticing his condition as critical, the doctors referred him to a private hospital in Maldahiya. The incident is challenge for the police because the miscreants operated in the market which was under the security plan prepared for the Shrawan month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15011597", "title": "The surge of the faithful", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The twin cities of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack are bathed in orange with a large number of kanwarias undertaking the annual pilgrimage on foot. Over 20,000 kanwarias are estimated to have commenced their journey from Gadgadia ghat in Cuttack on Friday and Saturday, many of whom poured water at Lingaraj temple here on Monday, while some walked to Loknath temple in Puri.\"This year the number of kanwarias is much more than in previous years. Though we opened the temple at 4 o'clock in the morning, there was a long queue till the afternoon. This year a large number of women and children have also participated in the holy trip,\" said Rabi Narayan Garabadu, priest of Lingaraj temple. \"It is the faith of the devotees on the Lord that draws them in such large numbers. Many of them are simply following others on the trip,\" he added.\"I came on the pilgrimage for the first time. It is believed that if we pour holy water from Mahanadi river on Lingaraj or Loknath then all our wishes will be fulfilled. I covered a distance of about 50 kms from Gadgadia ghat to Lingaraj,\" said Hiramani Sahu, a 55-year-old woman.\"We are offering breakfast, lunch and dinner to kanwarias. We have deployed our people in shifts to offer water, food and bed to the pilgrims. A temporary arrangement has been made to put their water on a higher place and take rest,\" said Munna Sharma, who has put up a tent on NH-5 between Cutack and Bhubaneswar for kanwarias. In the tent they are being offered puri-sabji, kheer, tea and water.As the kanwarias flood most of the city roads, vehicle movement has reduced to a crawl, while the busy National Highway 5 from Cuttack to Bhubaneswar and National Highway 203 connecting Bhubaneswar with Puri are beseeched by massive traffic jams.\"It is harrowing to travel amid the huge traffic rush these days. It took me over one-and-half-hour to travel from Cuttack to Bhubaneswar which otherwise does not take more than 40 minutes,\" said Nagen Das, who made a car journey from Cuttack to the city during the weekend.Commissionerate of police has made elaborate traffic arrangements in the wake of the annual ritual. \"We made arrangements to ensure smooth traffic flow, but it is difficult to manage the situation given the large number of devotees pouring in from all sides. Out teams are patrolling the National Highways and city roads round the clock,\" said ACP (traffic) N K Satpathy.A number of women fainted on their way and were taken to hospital for treatment. Besides, some groups of people were found in an intoxicated state, speaking in slang language to police and women commuters. Many were also found playing loud music and disturbing others.Police, however, cannot take stringent action against such groups of rowdy elements as it could lead to a much bigger law and order problem, Satpathy said, adding normality on the roads would be restored when the Shravan yatra concludes in a couple of days.The surge of the kanwarias will persist till Tuesday, when they are to start retreating after pouring the water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15011856", "title": "Congress legislators flay the chief minister", "text": "Mumbai: The state government caught flak from its own legislators in the assembly on Monday for \"slow\" and \"inefficient functioning\". The state functionaries, including chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, were put in a spot by legislators from the ruling benches.During a discussion on supplementary grants for urban development, water resources and tribal development departments, legislators from the treasury benches took the lead in hitting out at the government. Mumbai legislator Madhu Chavan (Cong) raised questions about the slow-decision making in the urban development department, which is headed by the CM. Legislator Yashomati Thakur (Cong) said, \"The government says something and does something else.\"She made the remark while raising the issue of a proposed power project in Wardha. Raising the issue of water from Wardha dam being proposed to be tapped for a power project. \"The CM, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, and water resources minister Sunil Tatkare had assured us during meetings that barrages would be construct to address concerns raised by local citizens,\" she said adding, \"Nothing of that sort has happened.\" Thakur said that she would not allow the project to come up if the barrages were not constructed.Ex-minister Nawab Malik (NCP) criticized the government for \"inefficiency in spending\" the budget allocated for improvement of backward areas in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15012080", "title": "Association for machine tool units", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Association of Ludhiana Machine Tool Industries made a grand debut at a function in a Ferozepur Road hotel on Monday.Association president Sukhdial Singh welcomed over 200 industrialists to the four-hour deliberations and stressed on the need for greater participation for successful working of the association.Manjit Singh Matharoo, the general secretary, stressed on the need to adopt newer technologies and upgrade their products to bring Ludhiana machine tools industry at par with the fast developing centres of machine tools. Rajesh Jain, the senior manager at National Small Industries Corporation, interacted with members, asking them to go for exports and participate in exhibitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15012410", "title": "Teachers' body seeks retirement age hike", "text": "RANCHI: The Federation of Teachers' Association of Jharkhand (FUTAJ) met the vice-chancellor of Ranchi University with their problems on Monday.Bubban Chaubey of the FUTAJ said, \"The teachers and retired teachers of RU have many problems which need to be sorted out. We have discussed some of the problems with the VC today and rest will be discussed on Tuesday.\" The main demand of the teachers was to increase the retirement age of teachers from 62 to 65 years. They teachers also demanded for the clearance of pending dearness allowances of the teachers who retired between 1989 and 1995. Chaubey said, \"The VC has assured us that our demand will be sent to the state government by July 25.\"The FUTAJ also demanded to clear the pending money of the Fifth Pay Commission that has already been sent to the university by the government. The VC has assured that the payment will be done by July 21. Chaubey said, \"We also demanded for clearance of salary and pension of retired and working teachers which has been pending for years. The VC said a committee would be made which would list all the teachers whose money was pending and the list will be sent to the state government by July 25.\"RU vice-chancellor L N Bhagat said, \"I have listened to their problems and will try to solve them soon.\"Chaubey said the retired teachers of Jharkhand would protest at their respective universities on July 31 for these demands. He said, \"There will be protest on July 31. As per the directions of the All India Federation of University Teachers' Association, a protest will be organized by the teachers of all the universities of the country on August 25.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15012352", "title": "Man killed by subordinate over financial dispute", "text": "BOKARO: Police claimed to have solved the murder case of a private firm officer, Sudhir Kumar, whose body was recovered in a decomposed state from City Park on June 25.Sudhir was killed by his subordinate, Sanjay Kumar , resident of Sector-XII, following a dispute over financial matters. Sanjay with the help of his relatives and friends killed Sudhir on June 19.The accused have been identified as Santosh Kumar Mahto, Om Prakash, Vinod and Vishwajeet Mahto and Vinod. Police arrested Kumar while others are absconding.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said that Sudhir was a resident of Sector-II/C and worked as an officer in Hexagan Company, engaged in supplying labour. His body was recovered after local residents informed the police about a foul smell emanating from the spot.\"Police while investigating the spot recovered a motorcycle clutch wire which was used by Kumar and his associates. They strangulated his neck with the wire and threw his body in the park. Kumar has confessed to his crime during interrogation.SP said Sudhir and Sanjay were at loggerheads over a financial dispute. The latter had collected money from different candidates on the pretext of providing a job and deposited it in the firm. However Sudhir did not approve of it. Police said, on June 19, Sanjay met Sudhir and took him to City Park for discussions but entered into a heated altercation with him. Soon, things went out of control and in a fit of rage Sanjay killed his senior with the help of his associates. \"The other four will be nabbed soon,\" said Dwivedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012043", "title": "Army truck runs over former MNS man", "text": "MUMBAI: A former vice-president of the MNS was killed when an army truck hit his scooter on Monday at Cuffe Parade. Ashok Yellaya was not wearing a helmet and he died on the spot. The driver of the truck, Dinesh Kumar, has been arrested. tnnand sent for a medical test to determine if he was drunk at the time of the mishap.According to the police, the incident took place at around 1.30 pm just outside Cuffe Parade Bus Depot. The deceased, Ashok Elleya, a resident of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar was going from Kinetic scooter and was hit from behind by the army truck said Janardhan Kharat, senior inspector of Cuffe Parade police station.Subsequently, Eliya was taken to nearby INS Ashwini Hospital by the army personnel, said Kharat adding that he was declared dead on arrival.Eliya's body has been sent for post-mortem in G T Hospital, said police. Right from starting Elleya was the active member of MNS party besides being a local cable operator, said Arvind Gaikwad, an MNS leader from the Cuffe Parade area.The locals told police that the army vehicles are like the BEST buses which are often droven in very high speed and rashly. Many times some drivers for unnecessarily give more accelerator and pressurize the small vehicles to give them side. We have small cars or bikes we have no option but to give them sides.''He was a hard core MNS worker and had done lots of good work for the people as well as the party, added Gaikwad. Eliya was the resident of Ambedkar Nagar in Cuffe Parade and is survived by his family members. Police refuse to inform the details of the army driver who was arrested as till the time of going to press the FIR was being registered at the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15012812", "title": "Gates foundation keen on expanding operations in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The CEO of Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF), Jeff Raikes , on Monday said the Foundation is willing to expand 'Ananya' programme, currently running in only eight districts of Bihar, for improving the health care of newborn babies in all districts of Bihar.Bihar government and the BMGF had signed an MoU for the 'Ananya' programme in 2011, which mainly focuses on improving health care for women, newborn babies and children in eight districts for a period of five years. These districts are Patna , Samastipur, Begusarai, Khagaria, Gopalganj, East Champaran, West Champaran and Saharsa. The $80 million worth partnership is specially for immunization, vaccination and institutional delivery.CEO Raikes, director, India country office, Girindre Beeharry, and senior programme officer, Bihar, Anand Sinha visited the project area in Ujairpur block in Samastipur district on Monday. During the visit of primary health centres and additional primary health centres, the team appreciated the quality of delivery and postpartum care as well as family planning services \"We are happy to see the ground-level work. We also appreciate the involvement of village community, particularly aaganwadi and Asha workers,\" Raikes told TOI.The BMGF team will meet senior Bihar government officials on Tuesday, particularly development commissioner A K Sinha and the heads of health, rural development and social welfare departments. \"During the meeting, we will share our experiences and explore to work in other areas.\"Lauding the Bihar government's work in eliminating polio, the BMGF team has also hinted towards working in the fields of financial access to poor in Bihar. \"We are looking for a partner, particularly in the field of providing financial access to the poor,\" Raikes said.The foundation has also expressed its desire to work in the fields of personal hygiene and sanitation in a long-term partnership with Bihar. Last time, Bill Gates had also announced to work in the field of agriculture for a period of five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012371", "title": "Parasuram Express extended to Nagercoil", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Southern Railway (SR) has extended the Mangalore -Thiruvananthapuram Central-Mangalore Parasuram Express to Nagercoil junction.Hundreds of passengers who endured hardship due to lack of train services connecting Nagercoil during peak hours in mornings and evenings can now heave a sigh of relief.Chief minister Oommen Chandy flagged off the extended service at Thiruvananthapuram Central at 6.30pm on Monday. As a regular service, the train will start from Nagercoil and Mangalore from July 17.From Tuesday, Parasuram Express will reach Thiruvananthapuram Central at 6.30pm and will leave for Nagercoil at 6.40pm. The train will have stops at Neyyatinkara, Parassala, Kulitturai and Eraniel reach Nagercoil junction at 8.40pm. The down train will leave Nagercoil Junction at 4am and reach Thiruvananthapuram Central at 6.15am.Railway passenger associations welcomed the decision and said that it would bring relief to passengers who had very few trains connecting Nagercoil during the morning hours.\"After 6.40pm there were no trains towards Nagercoil for two hours. The extension of Parasuram Express to Nagercoil will be of much help to us,\" said Prasanna Lal, a regular passenger from Parassala.While observing that season ticket holders would benefit from the extended service, Gopi Krishnan, Southern Railway Mazdoor Union divisional president said that this was a demand passengers had been putting forth for years. \"It will really benefit people from Balaramapuram, Parassala and Neyyattinkara,\" he added.MP Shashi Tharoor travelled in the train till Parassala to express his happiness over the extension of the service.The train will have stops at Neyyatinkara, Parassala, Kulitturai and Eraniel before reaching Nagercoil junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15011600", "title": "3 fetuses found near government hospital in Nagaur", "text": "JAIPUR: Amid concerns of declining sex ratio in the state, three fetuses were found near an under-construction government hospital on Bikaner Road in Nagaur district on Monday morning.While two of the fetuses were found in a decomposed state, the other was possibly thrown away two days ago near Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru hospital, the police said.The sex of the fetuses, however, is yet to be ascertained. The police said two seemed to be female fetuses.The fetuses were thrown in a big dried-up drain on different days, and it seems that it was being used as a fetus dumping ground, the police said.A labourer working at the site spotted the fetuses early in the morning and informed the police at 7.30 am. After getting the information, the police rushed to the spot to investigate into the matter.Investigating officer Ram Jeevan Choudhary said, \"Two fetuses have completely dried up as they were thrown several days ago, while one seems to have been thrown recently. Two of them look like female fetuses, while the third one's sex is difficult to determine.\"The police said it would check records of the nearby hospitals to find out who has thrown the fetuses.Nagaur chief medical health officer Dr R K Meena said, \"Post-mortem will be conducted to ascertain the sex of the fetuses.\"Principal medical officer Dr T R Choudhary said, \"The condition of fetuses was bad with hand missing in one of them. They could be two-month old but post mortem report will give a clear picture.\"The child sex ratio has declined by 26 points from 909 to 883 between 2001 and 2011 in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012520", "title": "Pension age hike based only on consensus", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Finance minister K M Mani told the assembly on Monday that pension age would be increased only if there was a consensus among the youth in Kerala.He, however, emphasized the need for hiking retirement age and a participatory pension scheme for government employees.But opposition leader and youth organizations warned the minister against any such move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15012451", "title": "MMS, lies and now tapes: Pinki case gets murkier", "text": "Kolkata: Pinki Pramanik's former live-in partner submitted tapes to the police on Monday of what she claimed were conversations between her and broker Avtar Singh to \"prove\" her allegation that she had brought rape charges against the Asian Games gold medallist at his instigation.The woman alleged Singh wanted to exploit the rift in her relationship with Pinki and used her as a cog in a \"blackmail plot\" as a land dispute with the former athlete turned bitter. She said she had recorded the conversations to protect herself as she didn't trust Singh and was well aware of his flip-flops. \"Singh would often drop in at our house in Teghoria. He knew there was a problem between me and Pinki and took this opportunity to turn me against her. In May, he instructed me to take a nude video of Pinki and circulate it,\" the woman told TOI after submitting the tapes at Baguiati police station. \"Singh told me only the video can prove to the world Pinki is a male. He said he would hand over the video to the sports ministry, the railways and other concerned people,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012366", "title": "Confusion over police action against migrant labourers inside Gandhi Park", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The rising complaints against migrant labourers in the city have forced the city police to take a drastic measure by imposing a ban on their assembling at Gandhi Park at East Fort on Sundays. As a first step, the migrant labourers who assembled at the park were caned by the police and driven away on Sunday.However, confusion exists within the department regarding this measure. While the lower order of the department maintained that they have decided to restrict the labourers from entering the park premises, the senior officials said that there was no such decision.According to Fort circle inspector S Y Suresh, police had to take such an extreme measure as complaints on public nuisance against these labourers have been on the rise of late. \"Every Sunday we get numerous calls from the locals complaining about the nuisance caused by these labourers. They often tease girls and women. Also, these labourers occupy the park for almost the whole day. They arrive at the park in the morning and disperse by noon. They will return in the afternoon fully drunk and create nuisance,\" the CI said.However, when contacted, the deputy commissioner of police Putta Vimaladitya said that the department has not taken any official decision in this regard, though it is a fact that complaints against migrants galore. \"We don't have the opinion that they are criminals. But they, for sure, cause law and order problems, which need to be dealt with,\" the DCP said. He also said that the department acknowledges the fact that the park is a public place and every citizen has the right to use the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012287", "title": "MCOCA charges on illegal sand miners", "text": "Mumbai: The state will file cases under MCOCA (the Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act, 1999) against persons carrying out illegal sand mining, revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat said on Monday.The announcement followed directives from speaker Dilip Walse-Patil to come down heavily on those destroying the environment.Replying to supplementaries during question hour in the legislative assembly, Thorat said if it is found that there is a nexus between sand mining contractors, transporters and revenue officials, the state would book them under MCOCA. The issue of illegal sand mining issuing suction pumps in Vaitarna river was raised by NCP legislator Jitendra Awhad.He said often permission is sought to mine a specific amount of sand instead more than the sanctioned quantity is taken away and added that revenue officials were involved in the rackettnnThorat said the government would implement the barcode system on receipts as was being done in Pune in other parts of the state as well.Speaker Dilip Walse-Patil said there would be a detailed discussion in the legislative assembly on sand mining in the state on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "15012423", "title": "Devotees throng state temples to see 'Shiva drinking milk'", "text": "RAMGARH: About 17 years ago the news of Ganesha drinking milk offered by the devotees created quite a flutter. This year rumours of lord Shiva taking milk is gathering pace. The rules of logic and scientific reasons could do little to hold back hordes of devotees filled with the certainty of trust and spiritual bliss, who flocked to the Shiva temples across the state to offer milk and Ganga 'jal' to the lord after hearing that the lord of destruction is drinking water and milk offered by devotees.Rumours doing the rounds these days are that by some divine miracle Shivalingams in temples across the district are taking milk and water offered by devotees. Women folk is queuing up in almost all Shiva temples of the district to offer water and milk to Shiva.\"I can't express my happiness in words when lord accepted Ganga jal I offered,\" said Gayatri Devi a devotee outside the Shankar Shambhu Shiva temple in the town adding that she did not believe the reason explained in science as no science was above the almighty and could defy His presence. She believed what she had seen with her own eyes.Meanwhile, Kishore Sharma, priest in Vaishnav Devi temple in Ramgarh said majority of people believed it and no science could stop from following their devoted hearts.On September 21,1995 the milk miracle was a phenomenon and the news spread like wild fire across the country that God Ganesha has started drinking milk. Both electronic and print media did extensive coverage on the issue which created quiet a flutter. Later scientists explained that because of surface tension it seemed that God was drinking water.Hundreds of devotees prompted by the message conveyed by some unidentified people started thronging Shiva temples for the last three days.TOI has visited Shiva temples in coal field region as well as in Ramgarh town to find hundreds of devotees waiting in long queues to witness the miracle for themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15012811", "title": "HC: Ensure smooth traffic on Boring Canal Road", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Monday directed the Patna divisional commissioner to ensure smooth flow of traffic on Boring Canal road in the state capital and get removed all structures, including even the part of a temple obstructing the traffic flow.A single bench presided by Justice V N Sinha passed the order while dismissing as withdrawn a writ petition of Avinash Kumar who had filed the petition challenging the order of the commissioner for shifting of the Sai temple, which is at a makeshift stage on Boring Canal road. The court gave liberty to the petitioner to approach the commissioner to seek any relief. The commissioner had earlier directed the administration to shift the Sai temple from the Boring canal road to any other place as it was obstructing the flow of traffic at that place. The commissioner had constituted a high-powered committee to look into the matter.The petitioner's counsel, Kamal Nayan Chaubey and Tuhin Shankar, pleaded for allowing the Sai temple to continue at the same place. Standing counsel Abhay Shankar Jha and his junior Sarvesh Chandra Verma pleaded the state government stand for removing the temple for smooth traffic flow.Justice Sinha remarked that he was aware about the traffic obstruction due to construction of Sai temple there.Directive to housing board: A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh on Monday directed Bihar State Housing Board to submit counter affidavit in six weeks to a PIL alleging commercial use of structures in housing colonies planned and constructed by it.The court also directed the state housing board to reply, in its counter affidavit, to the plea made in the PIL of Mahesh Kumar that school and hospital were not constructed on the space identified for the purpose in Hanuman Nagar locality in Kankarbagh as per the plan to develop the colony.The petitioner submitted that the commercial use of several premises in residential areas, developed by the state housing board and other state agencies, was causing civic amenities problem. Such premises include some multi-storey buildings in residential colonies developed by the state agencies, the petitioner's counsel added.Road diversion: The same bench of Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh directed the state government to file a counter affidavit to the PIL of Nivaran Seva Sansthan challenging the state road construction department order to alter the place of some of the roads approved in the original plan in Phulwarisharif locality of Patna district. The court directed the government to file a counter affidavit in this case in a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011682", "title": "Old story: Rains are here, roads are gone", "text": "GURGAON: The poor condition of the roads in the city, especially old Gurgaon, reveals the apathy of the civic authorities.The residents feel that the departments concerned have turned a blind eye to the bad roads leaving the residents to have a bumpy ride. The main road connecting the bus stand road and Sheetla Mata Road is in a shambles with construction rubble being dumped by the roadsides and on the vacant plots.The residents of Sector 12 have been complaining of several problems for the past several months and allege that the condition of the sector is worse than that of other HUDA sectors.Bad roads and garbage dumped in vacant plots and encroachments have plagued the entire sector. \"The private contractors are dumping construction waste and garbage in the vacant plots and disputed lands. Even a little rain throws the roads out of gear making bikers skid,\" said Dipanshu Saini, a resident.Residents of Sector 5 claim that the main road of the sector connecting Palam Vihar is in a shambles as, for some reason, its construction is not complete for several years now. \"The road has been going through a lot of construction works and still it's not been finished. After the start of the rains the situation has worsened with two-wheelers skidding off the slippery road. We have been approaching HUDA officials seeking to know when the construction of the road would be over but there has been no action yet.\"Both new and old Gurgaon is plagued with similar problems. The commuters allege that the bad roads are one of the reasons for traffic snarls in the city. The civic bodies, MCG and HUDA, have been promising better roads for a long time but there is no improvement as of now.Residents of the MCG areas claim that the condition of these colonies is worse than anywhere else in the city. Not only the major roads but also the internal roads are lying without being repaired for the several years.Meanwhile, the MCG claimed that the estimates for construction and repairs of the major roads on the periphery of MCG areas have already been passed but did not have a definite reply when asked about the deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15012715", "title": "Tamil Nadu should have an active Lokayukta, says Hegde", "text": "MADURAI: It would have been better if states like Tamil Nadu had an active Lokayukta like Karnataka, according to Santhosh Hegde, retired Supreme Court justice and former Lokayukta ombudsman for Karnataka.\"Even though less people are involved, the quantity of corruption is huge in Tamil Nadu, compared to Karnataka. It would have been better if the state had an active Lokayukta,\" said Hegde. It was when Hegde was ombudsman of the Lokayukta in Karnataka during 2006 and 2011, a number of mining scams were exposed in that state. It was not only in the field of mining, each and every department were under his scrutiny.\"We had a strong department functioning under me, including experts in health, engineering and finance. So we dealt with all the cases. So if one wants to eliminate corruption, they should not fight alone. Every one should fight together,\" he said.Talking about privatisation, Hegde said there was nothing wrong in it. \"The government departments are prone to corruption. In India, privatisation helps a lot. Imagine how disgusting it would have been if there were no private hospitals in India,\" he asked.Speaking on the role of Indian youth in democracy, a learning session organised by Young Indians (YI) Madurai Chapter, Hegde, said, \"We were all born as 'persons' not as human beings. To become a human being, we have to achieve certain qualities, which includes a big no to corruption. Taking a cue from his own experience, Hegde said it was painful to hear the suicides of workers in Karnataka after many mines were closed down there. \"A lot of people who depend on Dawood Ibrahim will become jobless or may commit suicide if he is caught. But does that mean the dreaded international smuggler be allowed to remain scot-free,\" said Hegde. adding that there was no shortcut to the fight against corruption.However, what disappointed Hegde was the complex mindset of society. \"A former Karnataka chief minister had to quit when Lokayukta exposed his involvement in the mining scam. But what disappointed me was the attitude of the people. When that corrupt minister was arrested, people accompanied him as if he was going to sacrifice something for them. When he got bail, again the same people celebrated the event. So what's the point?,\" he asked.The session also had questions from youngsters who wanted to know why former Madurai collector U Sagayam was transferred despite doing a lot of social work. \"I have written to the government regarding the transfers of officials. There should never be any political influence behind anyone's transfer. If he (Sagayam) was a good officer, why didn't you people protest against his transfer?,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011193", "title": "Braveheart boy saves 3 drowning in canal", "text": "NEW DELHI: His name means 'ocean' and 14-year-old Sagar Kashyap loves water and swimming. On Sunday afternoon, this passion, and a fearless spirit, helped the class VII boy save three lives.Sagar was returning to his one-room home in Madanpur Khadar when he saw 10-12 boys standing by the side of a canal and shouting for help.\"I did not think much. Just took off my T-shirt and pants, and jumped into the 20-feet-deep canal,\" said Sagar, who studies in a government school.One by one, the braveheart pulled out four drowning boys from the water. Unfortunately, one of them fell back in and is feared to have drowned while Sagar was trying to save another boy. One of the rescued boys is Sagar's own cousin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15011895", "title": "Chinkara found dead in Sirsa village, poaching suspected", "text": "SIRSA: In yet another incident of alleged poaching, a young chinkara was found shot dead in Raipur village of the district on Monday morning.The chinkara's death comes within days of five blackbucks falling prey to stray dogs in a village in Adampur sub-division of Hisar district.Villagers spotted the dead herbivore with blood oozing out of a hole in its body, suspected to be due to bullet injury, near the fields at about 11 am. It was alleged that the animal might have been shot dead by poachers elsewhere.Though Dwarka Parsad, district wildlife inspector, claimed that the chinkara fell prey to stray dogs, villagers as well as members of Akhil Bharatiya Jeev Raksha Samiti asserted that it had a bullet injury, but the poachers apparently failed in taking it away.Meanwhile, deputy commissioner J Ganesan has ordered a probe while a senior official has been asked to suprervise proceedings like postmortem of the dead chinkara, to ascertain the exact cause of death.Jodha Ram Bishnoi, president of Akhil Bharitiya Jeev Raksha Samiti in Gosaiana village, said, \"Let wildlife officials make their claims. Everything will be clear in postmortem. If they (wildlife officials) fail to nab the culprits, we will catch them. There is a possibility that the chinkara might have been killed somewhere else, but poachers chose to abandon it here, sensing problems on the route.\"Akshey Beniwal, Rajmal Singh and Prahlad Singh of the village also endorsed Bishoni's views, saying that there is not even a single deer of this species being spotted in and around the forest reserves of Raipur village.When contacted, Ganesan confirmed the incident. \"I have seen the video footage, specially the close shots of the body. I have talked to senior wildlife officials. They will probe the matter and give a report as soon as possible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15011611", "title": "London Olympics dreams ride on Ravi Kumar", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Commonwealth gold medallist and weightlifter K. Ravi Kumar left for London 2012 on Monday amidst prayers from his family and well-wishers. \"I went to the temple and prayed for his success just after his London-bound plane left from New Delhi. He spoke to me and I gave him my blessings,\" said K Suryakanta, Ravi Kumar's mother.Many of his well-wishers also SMSed him conveying their good wishes. \"I will try my best in the Olympics but I am not under any pressure,\" Ravi told TOI before leaving for London. Besides Ravi, who will participate in the Olympics in the 69 kg category, Soniya Chanu , the CWG silver medallist in the 48 kg category women will also be there. \"We have high hopes from them. They could spring a surprise in the Olympic games,\" said vice-president of Indian Weightlifting Federation (IWF) Narayan Sahu, who is also general secretary of Odisha Weightlifting Association (OWA).They were selected for the Olympics during the Asian Championship in South Korea in May. Both the weightlifters have practiced hard for 5 to 7 hours daily at the national camp in Patiala. \"Ravi, who had a shoulder injury is also fit now. So we can bank on our weightlifters,\" Sahu said.\"He was doing well in his practice sessions. He had won gold in CWC by lifting 321 kg. We are expecting he will improve upon his previous show,\" said Sita Prasad Patnaik, a coach with the Sports Authority of India (SAI) and Ravi's former coach.Arjuna award winner Ravi had started as a weightlifter from the Veer Hanuman Circus Physical Institute here before he was selected to join in the SAI hostel in 2005. \"Since he is a member of our club, we will organize a rally wishing him success in the London Olympics on July 27,\" a club member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010267", "title": "Nimmagadda pocketed Rs 300 cr, invested Rs 140 cr in Jagan firms: CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Monday told the CBI court that a part of the 'missing' Rs 300 crore in the Vanpic port project deal went into YS Jaganmohan Reddy's firms as investments. The agency earlier said that Ras Al Khaimah (RAK) government which had entered into a deal with state government to construct Vanpic project gave Rs 450 crore for land acquisition and that its Indian representative, Nimmagadda Prasad, had spent only Rs 150 crore on land and remained silent on what he had done with Rs 300 crore. Though he claimed that he had spent the money on creating 'good will' for the project, he did not specify as to who got the money, the CBI said. \"Now we have found out that Nimmagadda invested Rs 140 crore in Jagan firms,\" B Ravindranath, the CBI deputy legal advisor, told the court while opposing his bail plea.Accusing Nimmagadda and sacked minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana of duplicity, the counsel said the duo acquired 28,000 acres for the project while the state cabinet was given the impression that only 4000 acres were acquired. \"We got hold of GOs pertaining to the allotment of 22,136 acres so far,\" the CBI counsel said. Even the entry of Navayuga company was facilitated fraudulently by keeping the state government in the dark, he said. Prasad started selling the land thus acquired to realtors Rs 12.5 lakh while they acquired the land for prices ranging between Rs 70,000 and Rs 1.5 lakh per acre. Though acquisition should have been done through Vanpic Ports Ltd, the special purpose vehicle formed for the purpose, it was done through Prasad's own company -- Vanpic Projects Ltd.Senior counsel Uma Maheswara Rao, arguing for Nimmagadda, said that CBI was making irrelevant arguments without showing any substantial evidence. \"We allotted land to industrialists on certain condistions in the proposed industrial corridor and this cannot be termed as sale of land,\" he said. We have put Rs 900 crore in the deal so far, if the state does not want us, let it pay us Rs 5000 crore and we will walk out of the project, he said. There is nothing strange in industrialists seeking concessions fromteh government, he said. The court would hear the case on Tuesday also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011929", "title": "Tanuvas gets national recognition", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian Council of Agricultural Research has awarded the Sardar Patel Outstanding ICAR Institution Award to the Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (Tanuvas) this year. The award was presented to vice-chancellor Dr R Prabakaran on Monday.ICAR, which coordinates, guides and manages research and education in agriculture including horticulture, fisheries and animal sciences, instituted the annual award to recognize the best institution among 63 agricultural and veterinary universities. Tanuvas is the first veterinary university to bag the award.The award, carrying a cash prize of 10 lakh and a citation, recognizes the university's contributions to nurture livestock, poultry and fishery subsectors, enhancing their production and productivity. Tanuvas has developed and released eight improved sheep, pig and avian varieties, 27 vaccines and diagnostic kits for prevalent, emerging and re-emerging diseases affecting livestock, poultry and the fisheries sectors.It has also developed 21 post-production technologies and more than 100 livestock, poultry and fish farm management technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011951", "title": "Panic-stricken girl leaves Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panic-stricken, a 24-year-old IT professional, who was reportedly molested outside a Sector 26 discotheque on Saturday night, has left for her hometown \u2014 Jalandhar.Her seniors at the office said the victim has taken a break to come out of the trauma.\"I cannot even imagine that a city like Chandigarh could be so unsafe for girls at night. I am still in shock... it is difficult to come out of that distressing episode,\" said the victim.\"There were four to five boys and I can recognize them even in a crowd. I had to run towards my car to save myself. I had locked myself in the car but could not drive away as they blocked my way. I called the PCR. But the cops, instead of contacting me, left after inquiring from some youths who were present there,\" she added.Following it, she called her boss, who reached the spot with a friend. But they were also manhandled by the youths.\"I called the PCR cops. When they came, the accused were standing there, but on seeing them, they ran away. We have noted the car's registration number,\" said her senior, who had reached the spot to rescue her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011971", "title": "Port trust man among 3 held for cheating", "text": "CHENNAI: Three people, including a fireman of the Chennai Port Trust, were arrested on Sunday night for trying to cheat a car driver of Rs 10 lakh after promising to sell him iridium.The Shastri Nagar police apprehended R Mohan (38) of Mylapore, a fireman at Chennai Port Trust, and real estate brokers I S Raja (50) of Tiruvanmiyur and R Kumar (43) of Triplicane when they came to give a pack to the driver near Besant Nagar. Police said such groups operated mainly in busy shopping areas like T Nagar and Parry's.The trio, police said, struck a deal with Padmanabahan, a car driver from Velachery, for the sale of iridium which they claimed they had. \"Based on his tip, we made the trio come to spot near Besant Nagar and rounded them up,\" said inspector R R Riazuddin.Claiming it to be a corrosion-resistant metal they refused to open the bottle stating that external exposure can cause burns, he added.They told police they reportedly obtained the material at a lodge in Pondy Bazaar from a person of Thanjavur who claimed it was worth Rs 15 crore and asked them to sell it for Rs 10 lakh.Police said Padmanabhan had already fallen prey to such a racket, so he grew suspicious this time.Police sources said several such gangs were at large in the city.The police apprehended R Mohan (38) of Mylapore, a fireman at Chennai Port Trust, and real estate brokers I S Raja (50) of Tiruvanmiyur and R Kumar (43) of Triplicane when they came to give a pack of iridium to the driver near Besant Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011791", "title": "Aavin recovers prime land in Madhavaram, turns it into park", "text": "CHENNAI: The state-owned Tamil Nadu Cooperative Milk Producers' Federation (Aavin) has converted a prime property in Madhavaram into a children's park and playing ground. The federation had recently retrieved the 1.2 acre property worth Rs 20 crore from encroachers who were attempting to sell it a few weeks ago, sources in Aavin said.\"Now, the land has been converted into a park and as well as a playing ground,\" a senior official from Aavin said. Recently, Aavin had granted space to lay a road near the ground and had not fenced the area. Soon, encroachers took advantage of this.Now, Aavin federation officials have erected a fence around the land and established a parlour. This is the 65th parlour out of the 100 that were proposed to be established in the city. The park was inaugurated by milk and dairy development minister V Moorthy. He also launched two new milk products of Aavin during the inauguration. Interestingly, on the first day itself, there was a good response from the public and they sold products worth Rs 5,000.An official said children and parents coming to refresh themselves in the parlour could also have access to the park. In addition, the federation has also proposed to lay a path for morning walkers. \"Various types of saplings were also laid all along the ground,\" he said.The official said had there been further delay, Aavin would have lost the property. \"We finally took possession after the district administration had surveyed the land and identified that the patch of plot on no. 9911 belonged to the federation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15012856", "title": "4 Magadh University colleges announce first list", "text": "PATNA: Several Magadh University (MU) colleges at Patna have announced their first admission list for Intermediate courses. After delinking Intermediate teaching from Patna University a few years ago, colleges under the MU have huge rush of students.A N College, Patna, has announced the first list for science and arts streams. While the cutoff for mathematics is 85%, it is 72% for biology, said college principal Haridwar Singh. He said 45% is the cutoff in the first list for arts stream students. Merit is the sole criterion for admitting students to Intermediate courses, he said, adding that there are 860 seats in arts and 1,152 seats in science stream.Arvind Mahila College has announced 50% cutoff in the first list for admission in science stream. It is 45% in arts stream. However, the college has announced 55% cutoff for admission in the commerce stream, said college principal Asha Singh.J D Women's College, too, has announced its first list. While the cutoff for science stream is 74%, students securing 58% in matriculation exam are eligible for admission in arts stream. The college will announce the second list on July 21 after completing the admission process of the first list, said college principal Usha Singh.B D College has also announced its first list for science, arts and commerce streams. While 70% is the cutoff for students seeking admission in mathematics, it is 53% for biology group. The college has announced 53% as the cutoff for admission in commerce stream, said college principal B N Ojha, adding students who have passed in second division would get admission in arts stream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15011500", "title": "In view of the increasing crimes against tourists, what steps should be taken to make Goa a safe place for travel?", "text": "Transport services and other logistics that are often used by tourists visiting the states need to be regulated. Many of these crimes are committed by taxi drivers and others because of the lack of regulation. A tourist police force that will focus on the needs of the tourist is a good idea. Also, more information in the form of signages and help-desks need to be easily accessible to tourists. Public transport needs to be improved.Rajiv D'SilvaArchitect, PanajiCrime is difficult to tackle. I have been living here since 1994. Honestly, I doubt whether there are actually are more crimes now than in the past. Goa was never a really safe place for tourists. In some areas in North Goa, there were always a high number of robberies. What Goa needs is a non-corrupt police force. This can be achieved when the police personnel get a decent pay and a better standard of living. We have high hopes that the Parrikar-led government will be able to fight corruption. Patrolling at night will help in a big way. Tourists should be informed about the situation in the state so that they can come prepared.Kornelia AntoroWriter, SangoldaWe should have better police assistance when it comes to the safety of tourists. We could have help-desks that the tourists can visit if they need any assistance. We should also come up with dos and don'ts, which will act as a sort of code of conduct (which several places in the West follow as well). These should be made public to all those who plan to visit the state for a holiday. Another thing that can be done is that hotels can have guides to assist their guests. These guides can direct the people on places to visit and where they should not venture. These steps, if implemented, should go a long way in increasing safety and bringing down the crime rate.Melissa RodriguesLecturer, Nagoa VernaOne thing I'd like to make a mention of is that the mindset of people needs to be changed. Tourists that visit the state, especially the domestic tourists, have this wrong notion that Goa is a 'pleasure' destination, rather than a holiday getaway. They plan their trip to the state with this mindset. Secondly, and more importantly, we need to check the identity of migrants that come into the state on the pretext of employment. We need to conduct a check on whether they are really employed here. Keeping a check on these aspects would go a long way in curbing crimes against tourists.Sam BraganzaLecturer, Mapusa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15009795", "title": "Manipur likely to be declared drought-hit", "text": "IMPHAL: With the state receiving scanty rainfall during the last few months, the government is likely to declare it drought-hit very soon.The state agriculture department is awaiting reports from concerned district officials ahead of making the announcement, said Manipur agriculture minister Md Abdul Nasir.The agriculture director has already written to the government that the rainfall received by the state during the past few months was below the normal range.In June last year, Manipur received about 332.3mm of rainfall, but only 187.3mm was recorded in June this year, sources said, adding that rainfall recorded in the first week of the current month was a meagre 17.1mm.The department had earlier announced that it would declare the state drought-hit if it doesn't rain by Sunday. Incidentally, the day witnessed a light drizzle in the morning and afternoon for a few minutes in the valley areas, raising the hopes of hapless farmers.Speaking on the sidelines of an official function in Imphal on Saturday, Nasir said the department could not declare drought until the reports of the concerned officials from all nine districts come in.The young minister said the declaration is likely to be made either on Monday or Tuesday after studying the officials' reports. He, nevertheless, said if the state is hit by drought, the department would take up necessary measures like distribution of seeds and water pumps to the farmers with the Centre's assistance.On July 9, members of Manipur Loumi Lup (MLL), a farmers' body, staged a rally in Imphal demanding the government declare drought in the state as a large portion of land remains uncultivable due to lack of rain. An MLL leader said about two-thirds of the entire agricultural land covering 1.9 hectare of the state is yet to receive the required seasonal rain this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15011548", "title": "Tarun Gogoi flays scribe in molestation case", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi on Monday said the responsibility of journalists goes beyond reporting or taking photographs if there's a crime unfolding before his or her eyes, referring to the July 9 mob molestation of a girl filmed by a television reporter.\"Journalists have a responsibility. Taking photographs is part of their job, but why didn't the TV reporter who was there at the site not inform the police? The journalist did not do his job,\" Gogoi said.The CM said he has ordered cops to inquire into the role of the journalist in the molestation case. A special investigation team is probing the incident while the CM has set up an inquiry commission by additional chief secretary Emily Choudhury. The journalist is expected to appear before the special investigating team.Gogoi, who is also in charge of the home department, said, \"There was fault on the part of the police, too. Since I am in charge of the home department, I admit the lapse on my part, and on the part of the department.\" He said he was more disturbed by the image of Assam getting tarnished. He also felt it was a blot on his own image, but there was no point to blaming all of Assam for the unfortunate episode.\"Why is the nation saying shame on us? These incidents happen everywhere, even in Delhi. The entire Assamese community can't be blamed for this incident, which has also tarnished my image,\" he said.Gogoi said he is ready to meet the victim, who has expressed her willingness to meet the CM. \"I am ready to meet her. I am also rehabilitating her. Some people have committed a crime against her and I will try to correct it by giving her some rehabilitation,\" Gogoi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15012641", "title": "Kim sacks army chief, his mentor", "text": "BEIJING: North Korea's military chief, Marshal Ri Yongho, has been sacked with the government citing illness as the reason for his removal.The surprise move suggests a purge in the country's ruling elite, which came under the rule of the young leader Kim Jong-un about six months back. Vice Marshal Ri (70) has also been relieved of his posts in the Workers' Party of Korea and as the vice chairman of the Central Military Commission on Sunday, state-run news agency KCNA news said. Ri's replacement has not yet been named with observers hinting at a serious power struggle going on in the country.Ri had been at Kim's side since the young man emerged publicly as Kim Jong Il's successor in 2010, often standing between father and son at major events. He was among the small group of men who accompanied Kim Jong Il's hearse through Pyongyang during the funeral procession.His removal has also raised questions about whether China continues to exert as much influence in North Korea as it did during the reign of the dictator, Kim Jong Il, who died last December.China has been North Korea's closest ally during years of isolation by the world community . Relations between the North Korean military and the People's Liberation Army have been very close because both keep a keen eye on Japan and South Korea and are equally wary of US influence in the region.Some western observers even suspect China assisted North Korea in obtaining parts of nuclear technology from Pakistan. The latest move raises questions on whether Beijing was consulted or if the new leader is looking for other sources of support instead of relying entirely on China.Recent happenings in North Korea including the public appearance of a mysterious woman next to Kim Jong-un has caused a lot of speculation about who calls the shots in a country seen as an unpredictable borderline nuclear power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15010637", "title": "Teaching cops to cope with stress", "text": "BANGALORE: If you see a traffic inspector taking a deep breath or stealing a few seconds to meditate in a 90-second break between two signals, don't be surprised, (s)he might be doing a stress-relieving exercise. With ever increasing vehicular traffic and narrowing of roads due to construction activities, stress has become a major health concern to traffic cops in Bangalore.Fifty-five sub-inspectors attached to the Bangalore traffic police on Monday were given quick lessons on stress relieving and fitness to cut down the stress level.The sub-inspectors, who are considered the backbone of traffic system, attended a day-long session at the Traffic Police Park at St.Mark's Road, which was organized by the Bangalore traffic police and Maya Associates of Advanced Cinematics ( MAAC). They were taught some simple breathing exercises, meditation, physical exercise, thought-controlling and behavioural exercises. Cops will be trained in groups through the year under Rohit Narain, a yoga instructor.Life becomes a bundle of stress for these traffic cops, thanks to their busy schedules (they work from 8 am to 9.30 pm), no leave (just two official offs a month) and dealing with errant drivers and Jay-walkers. When Hamsaveni AV, a sub-inspector attached to Chamarajpet traffic department opted for this job, she did not know it would mean almost zero family life for her. While attending the session, she told TOI: \"Learning these exercises will only be meaningful if we get enough time to practise. We need some quality time to spend with our families and children. We need leave for that, but we don't get it. Many a times my husband and 2-year-old child have gone out without me, because I am busy minding traffic during some VVIP's visit.\"Said Medappa, sub-inspector with Madiwala traffic post: \"Clearing traffic is the biggest stress for us. Also we don't get enough time to spend with our families because we don't get much leave. These things increase the stress level. We are looking forward to learning new exercises. Hopefully we get some time to practise daily.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "sivaganga", "code": "15012750", "title": "Gold looted from home in Devakottai", "text": "SIVAGANGA: In a major robbery, thieves looted 197 sovereigns of gold ornaments in Devakottai, on Monday. At around 1.15am, the gang of five gained access into the Kandamadevi Road house of Sreenivasan, an industrialist and community leader, after breaking the grill gate of the back door. Sreenivasan was not in the house that night and his wife and sons' families were sleeping on the ground and first floor. As the family-owned rice mill near the house was functioning at the time, the family failed to take note of the noise in the backyard.Upon entering the house, the thieves woke up Sreenivasan's wife Saroja and daughter-in-law Nirosha, threatening them with crow bars and knives. After they relieved all the gold ornaments from the women, they proceeded to do the same from all the other family members in the house. When the family was reluctant to hand over the keys to the almirahs, the miscreants threatened them by holding one of the children at knife point. After looting the house, the gang managed to flee from the spot.Sreenivasan's son, Shanmuganathan alerted the Devakottai town police who rushed to the spot. Higher officials from the department, ADSP Kannan and Ramanadhpuram SP (incharge) Kaliraj Maheshkumar inspected the spot and held an enquiry. Fingerprint experts from Sivaganga were also pressed into service and a sniffer dog was brought from Ramanathapuram.Police sources said that the thieves had managed to enter into the house by breaking the grill gate and door through crow bars. \"The thieves snatched all the gold ornaments from the women and looted the rest of ornaments from the almirahs as well. Initial investigations revealed that all five had come on two wheelers and after looting the house managed to flee from the spot with their vehicles. Since the bungalow was located in an isolated place, the thieves managed to sneak in without anyone noticing them,\" a police official said. Devakottai town police have registered a case and are investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15010288", "title": "Sajjan Singh Verma owns Rs 5 cr worth land in Sehore: Prabhat Jha", "text": "INDORE: BJP state unit chief Prabhat Jha on Monday alleged that the Congress Party MP Sajjan Singh Verma has bought a land worth Rs 5 crore while he was guardian minister during Digvijay Singh tenure. \"I have produced the certificate of Zilla Panchayat Sehore claiming in Sajjan Singh Verma's name,\" said Jha adding that the worth of the 12 acres land is about Rs 5 crore. He was on dharna in protesting Verma's allegations against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15012469", "title": "Promoter killed in Rajarhat chase", "text": "Kolkata: A promoter was gunned down after a high speed motorcycle chase near the airport on Monday morning. Prasenjit Roy, 42, is the seventh promoter to be murdered in Rajarhat \u2014 a real estate gold mine - in the last one year.The attack took place around 6am on a connector to VIP Road, the gateway to the airport. Prasenjit had gone barely 1km from his home on Sourav Ganguly Avenue when two masked men on a bike started chasing him. One of them pulled out a pistol and took aim. Prasenjit swerved desperately but was shot in the shoulder.He accelerated to escape, but the gunmen, too, revved up and gave chase. The 80kmph pursuit went on for around 3km, with the pillion rider openly brandishing his gun and Prasenjit speeding in a zigzag manner to dodge the bullets.Hampered by his wound, he could not control his bike very well and very soon the goons were alongside him, at point-blank range. The gunman took careful aim and fired twice at Prasenjit's head. Both bullets hit when he was still going at a high speed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011149", "title": "Minister asks district collectors to do more field work", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noting that it has become a fashion for district collectors to stick to table work, the Centre on Monday asked them to ensure greater presence in the field to improve public service delivery.\"Nowadays, it has become a fashion for a district collector, after passing out and completing mandatory training... to think that they have to do table work. They are not meant for table work.\"They are meant for field work and they should ensure that tehsildar, revenue and other offices under him function. Apart from that, he has to ensure that all district heads are doing their respective work,\" minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy told a conference of states and Union Territories here on administrative reforms.Emphasizing on the importance of a district administration in proper implementation of various government programmes, he said, \"When a collector goes to a district and people there find that he is delivering services to the satisfaction of the people, he will become very popular.\"When he (collector) works, the people of the district recognize his services. That is really what we want to convey,\" Narayanasamy said after inaugurating the day-long conference of secretaries of administrative reforms.Noting that people were disgusted of the public service delivery system, the minister said, \"A collector has to chase a petition. He has to ensure public service delivery. He has to give relief in the given time-frame.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15010362", "title": "Kochi Corporation to take over auto stands", "text": "KOCHI: In a bold move to rein in autos, the Kochi Corporation has decided to take charge of autorickshaw stands, currently being manned by trade unions in the city.In a press briefing on Monday, mayor Tony Chammany stated that the local body would do away with the system of having auto stands operated by trade unions. Instead, the stands in the city will be owned and regulated by the corporation.The decision was taken after holding discussions with the police, regional transport officer, trade unions, officials from the legal metrological department and tahsildars. It was also decided to issue city permits to 7,000 auto rickshaws. \"The city permits will be issued from August 15, which will put an end to problems created by auto drivers. The final list of auto stands will be published after holding a meeting on July 24,\" Chammany said.The authorities have identified 165 eligible auto stands in the city. With the new regulations coming into force, auto drivers will be able to park their vehicles only in auto stands authorized by the corporation. They will also be able to provide service to a commuter from any point to any point in the city.The police will verify applications submitted by drivers for city permits. According to the mayor, strict instructions have been given to auto drivers to stick to meter charges. At present, the meter charge is Rs 12 per km. \"The police will hold another round of talks on Tuesday and will announce the penalty for violations, including the cancellation of permits. They will also announce the telephone numbers for the public to register complaints,\" he added.Rather than autos that come from outside the city, residents who own and drive autos will be given priority while issuing city permits, Chammany said. The Regional Transport Authority (RTA) would check permits that have already been issued, and endorse those that are valid or active and cancel the rest. If both the owner and the driver are city residents, they will be given preference. The priority list also includes women, people belonging to scheduled caste/tribe, ex-service men and citizens with disabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15010093", "title": "New Market subway may reopen on August 15", "text": "BHOPAL: The long wait for the New Market subway, stretching for more than half a year appears to be nearing its end. The sub-way is likely to be thrown open for people to walk again from one side to another on August 15, say officials of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC).\"The work of the sub-way is almost complete. If all goes well, we are planning to inaugurate it on August 15 this year,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"We were supposed to complete the work by July, but some complications caused the delay,\" he added. We are planning to get it inaugurated on August 15, the commissioner said.Interestingly, the work of the New Market was to be completed by July this year. However, financial crisis of the corporation have caused the delay in the completion of this subway, officials claimed.\"Previously, the subway was narrow. Now the width has been widened. Nearly 90% construction work of the subway is complete. If all goes well, the finishing work should be completed within a month,\" Pramod Malviya, engineer, BMC said. One end of the subway opens in front of Top 'N Town and he other end opens out on the side of the Indian Coffee House. The only subway of the city is being renovated under the 24 km Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor, stretching from Misrod to Baiagarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010441", "title": "Lullabies purge gender bias", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"Dikro maaro ladakvayo, dev no didhel che (God has blessed me with my beloved son)\". This lullaby that grand moms and mothers hum to their newborns since time immemorial has been altered. It now includes daughters too as darlings of their parents. Slowly and steadily, singers and poets are making a silent statement to new parents to sing and make their daughters feel welcome as well.The most compelling statement has been made by noted Gujarati singer Manhar Udhas who has been singing 'Dikri maari ladakvayi, laxmi no avataar'! The change was prompted by the skewed child sex ratio of 886 girls per 1,000 boys in Gujarat as well as his daughter who had innocently questioned him, \"Why is only the dikro ladakvayo in your song?\"\"I was compelled to change the lyrics when my daughter said that not including daughters in the age-old lullaby was discriminatory. Lyricist Mukesh Malvankar penned fresh lyrics, which celebrates daughters as well,\" said Udhas, who is in the city for a music concert. The singer is father to Mansi (34) and Tanushri (31) and says that only lucky people get to become parents of daughters.Earlier, Amdavadi singer Lalitya Munshaw, who is based in Mumbai, launched her unique album Haalarda or sweet lullabies. Lalitya added behni or daughter to these lyrics so as to welcome the girl child into the homes of Gujarati families.In her album, 'Tame mara dev na didhel chho, avya chho to amar thai ne raho' was changed to 'Tu to maari dev ni didhel che'.\"The skewed sex ratio of the state is a disappointment and I wanted to dedicate these lullabies to girls who should be welcomed in each and every family,\" said the singer, who belongs to the one of the oldest business families in the city.Poet Madhav Ramanuj, who has altered lyrics of at least three traditional lullabies, said, \"When a mother sings to her child, people around too absorb the love and affection. This love cannot be limited to boys, especially in times when people are killing the girl in the womb,\" said Ramanuj, who is father to two girls, one of whom died sometime ago.\"This is a positive trend which would subtly help battle the conscience and the cause of the girl child,\" said sociologist Gaurang Jani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15012020", "title": "Feed your dog a burger, gift your dog a heart disease", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sedentary lifestyle and poor dietary habits of city residents seem to be rubbing off on their pets. With veterinarians reporting growing incidence of lifestyle diseases among dogs, it's no surprise that the real culprit behind it are pet owners.Obesity, cardiac disease, diabetes, hypothyroidism, arthritis, joint pain, cancer, dental diseases, allergic dermatitis, food allergy and food intolerance, gastrointestinal disorders, urinary tract diseases and liver disease are some common problems reported in animals.Calling the trend extremely worrisome, veterinarians point out that pets are eating chocolates, ice creams and meals at any time of the day, but not burning those calories, adding that few realize that the combination of fatty foods and inactivity can prove fatal. They add that overweight dogs are at a greater risk of developing diabetes mellitus and those fed fatty meats are at the risk of developing pancreatitis, both potentially fatal diseases.Renal diseases and heart failures, too, seem to have become common among the canine population. Professor of veterinary medicine, Dr Kirti Dua of GADVASU said, \"Indians love our pets and go to great lengths to pamper them. While it's a good idea to treat your pet like a family member, it's not a great idea to ignore their dietary habits. Regular wellness checkups with lifestyle guidance are an important element of preventive health care to ensure a pet's wellbeing.\"Most pet lovers in Ludhiana are not paying close enough attention to what they are feeding their pets, says another veterinarian from Sarabha Nagar, Jaspreet Singh. He said, \"Canines have a very different digestive system, metabolism, and physical tolerance level from humans, and these contribute to their differences in processing food. We need to understand that foods good for us might not be good for our pets.\" He added, \"Owners should also be aware that all human medications ingested by pets can pose potentially fatal results. For example, an Aspirin ingested can even cause death.\"A pet lover and resident of Model Town Extension, Sahil Dua, said, \"I love my St Bernard Victor and am very careful about his health.\"Another pet owner, Tanya Riat, a resident of Miller Ganj, said, \"My pet, Nonu \u2014 a black labrador \u2014 died in 2011. Out of my love for him and the urge to constantly pamper him, I used to feed him just about everything \u2014 right from fatty foods and whatever that was cooked in the house. I had no idea that this could prove fatal. Now I have another pet, Hugo, a ST Bernard, and I am very careful about what I feed him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15010485", "title": "'Stop water supply from N'sagar to Krishna delta'", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The AP high court on Monday directed the state government to stop with immediate effect supply of water to the Krishna delta from Nagarjunasagar dam. The bench comprising acting Chief Justice PC Ghose and Justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar made an interim order to this effect while hearing a plea.Appearing for the petitioner, senior counsel D Prakash Reddy contended that releasing water when the Nagarjunasagar dam water level fell below the prescribed limit (510 ft) was adversely affecting the drinking water needs of fluoride-hit Nalgonda district apart from the twin cities, Ranga Reddy and Mahbubnagar districts. The bench adjourned the case by two weeks for the government to file its detailed counter.A crisis looms large over the Krishna delta with water releases from Nagarjunasagar having stopped after the HC interim directive. With water level in the dam reaching 510 ft on Monday, the irrigation authorities are in a piquant situation.\"Although, the recent rains gave respite to the farming community, delta crops need water continuously,\" said delta farmers' leader Y Nagendranath. According to sources, the irrigation authorities are anticipating inflows of around 3,000 cusecs by Tuesday and the same is likely to be released to the downstream. In fact, the state government had decided to maintain the mandatory minimum level of 510 ft even while ensuring waters to the Krishna delta.For that, the government wanted to make use of the scanty reserves available in the Srisailam reservoir and ordered the release of water to Sagar. As per the original GO, the water level at Srisailam too should be maintained at 844 ft and the authorities are empowered to release water to the downstream only over and above this level. The level at Srisailam had touched 797.8 ft, nearly 50 ft less than the mandatory level.In fact, the ministers and other public representatives from Rayalaseema represented to the chief minister last fortnight not to release water to Nagarjunasagar without ensuring supplies to their region. However, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy went ahead with the decision to release from Srisailam in order to ensure water to the crops in Krishna delta.With no chance of touching waters currently available at Sagar following the HC directive, the irrigation authorities have to manage the situation only depending on the outflows from Srisailam.Nearly 3,500 cusecs of water is being released from Srisailam on a daily basis from which about 3000-3200 cusecs are expected to reach Nagarjunasagar. Authorities at Nagarjunasagar said that they would let out whatever received from Srisailam to the downstream while maintaining 510 ft level in Nagarjunasagar.In fact, the government issued a GO in 1996 prescribing the minimum water levels to be maintained at both the major reservoirs in the state -- Srisailam (844) and Nagarjunasagar (510).\"With the high court issuing a directive to maintain 510ft at Sagar, it would be no surprise if court allows a similar petition with regard to the levels at Srisailam,\" said Krishna delta Parirakshana Samithi leader MVS Nagireddy. The state government promised to give around 15 tmc of water to Krishna delta to meet the needs of growing kharif nurseries. Srisailam had around 47 tmc of water from which about 15 tmcs would be released to Sagar till no one raises objection.\"The government has bungled by not taking the political parties and farmers associations into confidence resulting in the current crisis. The trouble would not have arisen had the government convened an all-party meeting and taken a decision even to reduce the minimum levels at the reservoirs to save the crops in delta,\" said former MP Yalamanchili Sivaji. While government has a responsibility to protect the riparian rights of the delta, it is equally responsible to respect the sentiments of people from all the three regions and previous GOs, he said.Thanks to the heavy rains that lashed the region, the nurseries got new lease of life in the last few days and continuous supply of water is very important for their survival. More than 15 lakh acres in Krishna, West Godavari, Guntur and Prakasam district are cultivated under the Krishna delta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15010359", "title": "Madhya Pradesh women fall for the demon drink", "text": "INDORE: The women in the state, especially those in the urban pockets, are shedding their inhibitions getting addicted to alcohol like never before. This fact has been revealed in the 2011 report of the national crimes record bureau (NCRB).The report said that among a total of 486 deaths in Madhya Pradesh due to alcoholism, 15 were women. A woman from Indore also died of alcoholism.155 women out of a total 4547 people lost their lives across the country due to the after affects of alcoholic addition.Madhya Pradesh is placed fifth in the country after Karnataka (36), Chhattisgarh (31), Tamil Nadu (19) and Maharashtra (18) in the cases about death of women due to alcoholism. MP is followed by Andhra Pradesh with 10 deaths.Councillor of Ashirvad Nasha Mukti Kendra, Pawan Yadav said that number of women approaching the centre for de-addiction has increased in the recent past. At least five to 10 women come every month with problems of alcoholic addition and seek help for de-addiction.There are many reasons for women getting addicted to alcohol. Apart from the change in lifestyle and increasing party culture where they are introduced to taste liquor by their peers, the misconception about getting pleasure during the sexual relationship with their partner is turning the women to addition.Few cases came to notice in which women began consuming alcohol only to show their off among their friends or partners but later they became addicted to it.Deepak Dubey of another de-addiction centre, said that addiction to alcohol and drugs are on the rise in the city and number of females suffering from addiction has greatly increased. Around 400 people have come last year for de-addiction of which 50 patients were women, he said.Women from urban areas where influenced by alcohol and cigarette addiction while rural women suffer from addiction of tobacco and other traditional form, Dubey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010956", "title": "CBI closes probe against Arun Shourie in 2G scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: One and a half year after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) registered a Preliminary Enquiry (PE) to probe the 2G spectrum allocation during the tenure of former telecom ministers in both NDA and UPA-I regimes, the agency has closed the investigations against senior BJP leader Arun Shourie, who had held the telecom portfolio from 2001 to 2003. Agency sources confirmed that the probe against Shourie has been closed as \"they did not find any irregularities in the allocation of the 2G spectrum during his tenure\".CBI had examined Shourie and several documents related to his ministry, but they did not find any anomaly in the allocation of spectrum. In the PE, CBI filed two cases in the 'irregularities' in allocation of spectrum since 2001 - during the tenures of late BJP leader Pramod Mahajan and DMK leader Dayanidhi Maran, whose stint was marred by a controversial 74% sale of Aircel to Malaysian firm Maxis in 2006.CBI checked the allocations of spectrum during NDA regime, when Pramod Mahajan and Arun Shourie were telecom ministers (from 2001 to 2003) and during UPA-I, when Maran held the portfolio between 2004 and 2007.The purpose of the PE was to investigate whether the provision of \"first-come-first-serve\" basis for granting spectrum licences was followed by the predecessors of ex-telecom minister A Raja, an accused in the 2G scam . Agency sources said, \"They scrutinized the minutes of meetings held by Shourie, observations made by Justice Shivraj V Patil Committee, and examined the appropriateness of telecom policies between 2001 and 2003 and later\". However, the agency did not find anything incriminating. The CBI, sources said, will inform the court soon about closing the probe against Shourie.Besides Shourie, then telecom secretary Vinod Vaish and former finance minister Jaswant Singh were also examined by the CBI. Jaswant Singh was heading the Group of Ministers (GoM) on limited mobility and unified licencing during NDA's rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011522", "title": "Red tape delays kids' return home", "text": "GURGAON: In 2009, when she was only nine-years old, Pooja (name changed) ran away from her home in a small West Bengal village. Much later, in April 2010, she was located by the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) on the streets of New Delhi, and was sent to this particular orphanage in Gurgaon, which has since been her home.But not anymore, as Pooja's parents are finally here to take her back home. \"I want to go back,\" says Pooja, as she waits for her last meeting with the house counsellor. Pooja's mother, on the other hand, waits for the last confirmation phone call from the CWC. But it isn't all that simple. It is still unclear as to when the parents will get an administrative go-ahead and take 12-year-old Pooja home.\"The process has been stuck for the last eight days. We have no idea when the files will move,\" says a caretaker at the orphanage, who is looking after Pooja's case. Orphanages in Gurgaon get new entrants from the Childline services frequently. This particular orphanage, whose management prefers not be named, has about 53 children. And every once in a while, a child gets 'restored' - which means the kid is returned to his or her relatives, willing to take charge. But administrative red tape makes this process a tedious one. It can take days, even weeks for the restoration application to get processed here.\"I have five other kids and their grandmother is looking after them back home,\" says Pooja's mother, a slightly built middle-aged lady clad in a yellow saaree. It was a long journey from the village of Maripur in Bengal to Gurgaon for this woman, who has been in the city for the last eight days now.According to another orphanage representative in Gurgaon, undue delays in the restoration process are becoming the norm here. \"We still have five kids who were brought in here from Suparaana ka Aangan,\" the representative said. Suparaana Ka Angan is the NGO which has now been shut down and its owners prosecuted after reports of several cases of child abuse. \"The kid who was the victim of abuse was sent to her relatives. But the five others, whose family members come every day to try to get them, haven't been restored,\" the representative said. The distant relatives of these five girls come from places as far as Mathura, and have trouble putting up with the delay, the representative added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15010793", "title": "Gender diversity: Headhunters get more for getting women hired", "text": "MUMBAI: It's a trend that augurs well for women in the corporate world. Organizations, in a bid to improve their gender diversity ratio, are pulling out all the stops to recruit female employees, beginning with higher fees for head hunters.While Deutsche Bank offers a 2% additional fee to a recruiter for bringing women candidates to the bank, Executive Access, an executive search firm, says it earns an additional 10% fee payable if a female candidate is hired by an organization. There have also been cases where clients have demanded that only female candidates be placed with them.Hiring managers at Sodexo have been told not to accept candidates brought by a recruiter unless a few of them are women. Others like Kotak Mahindra Bank gives preference to women employees applying for internal job postings in hitherto male-dominated frontline sales and collection jobs.\"Generally, the candidates that are presented to the hiring manager by the recruiter may not be women. Now we are asking the hiring manager not to accept what is given. You should let them know that we need some women on the slate. In other words, if you have four interviews that you are setting up, at least two should be women. That puts pressure on the recruiter to bring women candidates,\" said Cecy Kuruvilla, global director (leadership development/diversity), Sodexo Remote Sites and Asia-Australia.Deutsche Bank, which has formed a diversity council that focuses on such issues, has exclusive agreements with head hunters to attract women candidates.\"We incentivize them with an additional 2% fee if they get us a woman candidate,\" said the bank's managing director and head, HR, Makarand Khatavkar.\"If there is a position and if we're paying others 15%, and if a particular head hunter gives us a woman manager, we pay him or her 17%. We want to make progress on the gender ratio of the organization. It's a journey , and we are on the right track,\" he said.The effort comes even as the percentage of women employees at vice-president level at the bank is comparatively high at around 35%. However, most banks find it difficult to attract female talent in areas like frontline sales and collection. Kotak Mahindra Bank, where the female-to-male ratio is at 1:18, has even engaged with certain agencies to attract women who have taken a break from their careers. Those who manage to bring such talent to the bank in turn get a higher fee. \"We have seen women employees in sales do very well. But getting a female frontline salesperson is very rare. Through our call centre, we encourage women who would like to move into sales, where we can build a career path for them. If a woman employee applies for any of these internal job postings, we usually give her preference,\" said Subhro Bhaduri, executive vice-president, HR, Kotak Mahindra Bank.Organizations today are keen on improving gender diversity at senior management level, as this adds depth and a wider perspective to key decision-making. \"Let's face facts: women are wired differently and have a better intuitive ability. In today's hyper-competitive environment, when a number of decisions are taken on gut instinct because of a variety of reasons, organizations benefit from having better gender diversity,\" said Ronesh Puri, managing director, Executive Access (India).Research shows that an organization's performance is directly linked to its gender balance ratio. \"Apart from the talent, there's also the innovation factor\u2014a lot of research suggests that you can come up with more creative solutions when you have increased gender diversity. There is a clear correlation between gender representation in the staff and the company's performance,\" said Rohini Anand, senior vice-president and global chief diversity officer, Sodexo.For Sodexo, the creation of global chief diversity officer, a special post, five years ago, was the first step in this direction. The firm has created clear metrics of accountability with a global scorecard, and its CEO has committed to 25% women in the top 300.In India, after a pilot study was begun over a year ago through tie-ups with women's networks , the percentage of women employees at Sodexo has inched up from 11% to 13%. Since the target for India is 25%, Sodexo is planning to have the diversity scorecard here as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15012387", "title": "NGO organizes street event to protest crime against women", "text": "RANCHI: Youngsters gathered outside a prominent mall in the city to protest against the plight of women across the nation, the ill treatment meted out to the fairer sex and the indifference of the authorities in ensuring safety to them.Wake Up India Foundation, an NGO run by college students, organized a street protest on Monday to highlight issues of eve teasing and molestation among other social evils that plague society. The activists danced to the tunes of 'Hai junoon' and 'Rang De Basanti' holding placards with messages like 'Respect my body, respect my mind and respect me, stop street harassment.' Large number of people witnessed the performances making the event a success.On this occasion Pooja Soora, the volunteer and a student of BIT Lalpur extension, said, \"Cases of eve teasing and harassment is common in the city. We need to raise our voice to put an end to such menace.\"Ravi Vyas, state president of Wake Up India Foundation said, \"Recently two such cases at national level has shamed the nation. Guwahati molestation case and the khap panchayat ban on use of mobile by women below 40 in UP has brought forth the shocking reality of the status, women enjoys in our nation, which aims to be a superpower.\"\"Some prominent places in the city including Peace road and Lalpur need strict patrolling as women have been subjected to harassment in these areas.\"The street event was a first-of-its-kind in the state. \"The recent act where a minor girl was raped by a teenager has shocked us. The condition is deteriorating and this initiative by this foundation is a small step towards a crime-free society,\" said Meenakshi, who came to visit the mall and watched the flash mob dance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15012548", "title": "HDMC now plans seven more gyms in Hublini", "text": "Hubli: The gym, opened by Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) in 2008 for the benefit of poor people, is receiving overwhelming response. After increasing the number of gyms to eight in the last four years, the corporation now plans to start seven more in Hubli. The gyms in Settlement area, Vaddara Oni, Giranichala, Torvihakkal, Veerapura Oni, Indira Nagar, Sainagar and Banjara Colony have been catering to the health needs of people. Each gym, set up at a cost of Rs 2.5 lakh, includes necessary equipment and mirrors. Around 75-125 people will visit each gym everyday. The gyms are open from 6am to 10am, and 5pm to 10pm. Shivraj, a resident of Girnichala, said that the corporation has provided a good platform for sportspersons to keep themselves fit. \"The gym has toned me well enough to take part in district-level hammer throw competition,\" he added. Harishkumar of Settlement area said many people are making good use of the gyms. HDMC special officer S H Naregal told TOI that they have started gym for BPL families in the city to encourage sportspersons and to encourage people, especially those who can't afford to go to private gyms, to work out. \"We purchased gym equipment for Rs 2 lakh and spent another Rs 50,000 for mats and mirrors using HDMC sports fund,\" he added. Naregal said they are planning seven more gyms in other areas to meet the demands of residents there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15012005", "title": "Irate Madipakkam residents protest bad state of roads", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly 100 residents of Madipakkam took to the streets Monday morning against the bad state of roads in the area. The protest was called off only after police came to the scene.The roads, which were dug up to lay drains, have not been covered and tarred despite several reminders and assurances. The Rs 40-crore underground drainage project on Kannaki Street began more than three years ago and was initially undertaken by Ullagaram Puzhuthivakkam municipality, which is now the part of Chennai Corporation. It is now handled by Metrowater.Water-logged roads have made it difficult for people to walk, while a number of vehicles have skidded in the area due to the slush.Madipakkam assistant commissioner of police S K Kannan said, \"The residents had come out onto the streets to register their protest. We spoke to Metrowater and the mayor regarding the issue and they assured us that all pending work will be completed in a fortnight.\"Earlier, parents of a student of a school in the area carried out a signature campaign against the callous attitude of the corporation and Metrowater. They said many children were finding it difficult to walk or cycle to school in the slush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15012733", "title": "Burglars strike at two houses in same locality in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: In daring robberies at two houses in the same locality late on Sunday night, thieves decamped with a total of more than 100 sovereign gold ornaments. The incidents invited sharp criticism from the general public as some of them said it was a mockery of the constitution of the Alpha team, formed six months ago to contain such thefts. The Alpha team, comprising of two bike-riding policemen, are supposed to monitor the city streets to prevent possible burglaries.The first incident took place at the residence of a BHEL employee Pandiyarajan, who lives on the fifth street of West Rajappa Nagar at Ariyamangalam. Pandiyarajan and his wife Sumathi, an LIC agent, had gone to Sriperumbudur on July 14 to visit their two sons who studied at a boarding school there. However, when they returned home on Monday morning, they found that the main gate had been broke open and the two bureaus inside the house had been ransacked. Assistant commissioner Kamaraj assisted by sub inspector Sindunathi visited the spot and recorded that 35 sovereign had been stolen. Fingerprint experts were also called in.The second incident took place at the house of one Saathaiyan, who lives on the first street of Rajappa Nagar in Ariyamangalam. A construction materials dealer, Saathaiyan accompanied by his wife Mallika had gone to Chennai on July 12 to visit their son. He had entrusted the house keys to his worker Subramaniam, who on Moinday morning found that the house had been ransacked. He reported the matter to the police, and Saathaiyan later informed the police from Chennai that he had kept 70 sovereign of gold ornaments in the safe. Police suspect that both the burglaries must have been committed by the same team.Assistant commissioner Kamaraj told TOI that no one had been taken into custody in connection with the cases. A special team under the supervision of sub-inspector Sindhunathi had been formed to crack the case and also restore the confidence of the people in the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15010074", "title": "I-T raids on businessmen rock assembly on opening day", "text": "BHOPAL: Income tax raids on two powerful businessmen triggered a stormy start to the monsoon session of the Vidhan Sabha with the opposition stalling the proceedings, demanding a debate on their alleged close links with ruling BJP leaders in Madhya Pradesh.Amid noisy scenes, the house had to be adjourned twice, once for half-an-hour and later for the day, as opposition Congress members trooped in to the well of the house, raising slogans to press for a debate on their notices for adjournment motion saying that the recent income tax raids on builder-contractor Dilip Suryavanshi and teacher-turned mining baron Sudhir Sharma had brought to focus the issue of rampant corruption in the state.Raising the issue of I-T raids on businessmen close to BJP, Arif Aqueel (Congress) sought that the notice for adjournment motion be taken up for debate but the ruling party members opposed it saying that any action by a central agency cannot be discussed in the house.Joining the issue, leader of the opposition Ajay Singh said Congress legislators had raised the issue of illegal mining through the no-confidence motion\u2014debated in the house during winter session last year. \"Then, the BJP government kept mum. Now, there is an I-T raid on the same people and the government will have to explain\", he said and demanded a debate on the issue of corruption.As the opposition and treasury benches argued in favour and against taking up the matter of I-T raids for debate in the house, legislative affairs minister Narottam Mishra quoted provisions to argue that I-T raids was in fact a quasi-judicial procedure which cannot become a subject matter for debate in the house. The minister's remark that the centre was misusing its agencies sparked noisy protests from the opposition members.Intervening in the arguments, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said \"The government is committed to fight corruption and corrupt will not be spared at any cost\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15009931", "title": "Several bodies stage sit-in protest outside Dispur assembly complex", "text": "GUWAHATI: Several organizations staged a sit-in demonstration against the non-fulfillment of their demands by the state government at Dispur Last Gate on Monday. The organizations shouted slogans against the government outside the assembly complex on the first day of the assembly session.About 300 members of Assam Special Police Officer Welfare Association (ASPOWA) threatened self-immolation if the government did not take the decision to absorb them in Assam Police during the five-day assembly session. The special police officers, who were recruited to guard the infrastructure projects in Dima Hasao district during the insurgency in 2009, started a hunger strike at the protest venue under ASPOWA. \"We are on a hunger-strike during the five-day assembly session. If the government fails to take any decision on absorbing the SPOs in police force, we will go for self-immolation,\" ASPOWA president, Parag Buragohain threatened.On the other hand, the All Assam Goriya Youth Council (AAGYC), representing Muslims of ethnic Assamese origin, has stepped up its demand for a development council for the Goriya Muslims in the state.\"We are the most deprived sections of Assam though we are indigenous Muslim community of the state. A major chunk of the development fund is taken away by other Muslim community in the name of minority welfare. Goriya population in Assam is about 25 lakh, yet we are the most deprived among the Muslim community. That is why we are demanding a development council for Goriyas,\" AAGYC president, Abdul Hamid said.Several organizations representing Bishnupriya Manipuris of Assam under the banner of Nikhil Bishnupriya Manipuri Mahasabha also staged a demonstration, demanding allotment of more funds for the community's development council among others.The Muslim Student's Union of Assam (MSUA) asked the state government to impress upon the Centre to declare flood as a national problem. Checking soil erosion, recruitment of Muslims in government jobs based on their population and solving the doubtful voters issues were some of the other demands of MSUA.The Rabha, Garo, Boro and Hajong Coordination Committee (RGBHCC) has raised their demand for holding election to Rabha Hasong Autonomous Council on or before September 15 and ending misappropriation of development funds under the council.\"For years, no election was held in Rabha Hasong Autonomous Council. As a result, massive corruption is going on in the council. Development funds were not utilized properly. Our demand is to hold election on or before September 15,\" RGBHCC president Pranay Rabha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15011230", "title": "Novel tax van to create I-T awareness", "text": "AMRAVATI: The income tax department started novel tax van service on Monday to educate people about the tax paying modalities. Joint commissioner of I-T, Amravati, BK Mistri said that the main aim is to create awareness among tax payers about how to pay tax, how to get PAN card, etc.\"The van will visit various talukas in Amravati district and inform the people about tax paying services. We will not receive any I-T returns in the kiosk,\" he said, adding, \"The I-T department has made the 'I-T Return' form quite simple and any literate person can easily fill it up.\"The tax van will visit Paratwada on July 16, Anjangaon Surji (July 17), Warud (July 18), Daryapur (July 19), Morshi (July 20), Dhamangaon Railway (July 21), Teosa (July 22) and Chandur Bazar (July 23) and conclude the tour on July 24 at Chandur Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15012774", "title": "Govt clears RJM Pillai's name for CIC", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Monday cleared the name of retired bureaucrat RJM Pillai for appointment as chief information commissioner (CIC). The present CIC, A K Choudhary, will retire on August 8. Pillai, a former chief secretary of Bihar, had also held the office of the chairman, Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC). The related file was sent to the Raj Bhavan for the approval of the governor, according to secretariat sources. Pillai's name was cleared on Monday at a meeting attended by chief minister Nitish Kumar , deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and leader of opposition in the assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15011426", "title": "Congress lambasts NCP in blame game", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress has criticized its coalition partner NCP for blaming it for their debacle at the March polls.Congress general secretary Sankalp Amonkar criticized NCP central observer Sandesh Kondvilkar's statement blaming the Congress for the party failing to muster a single seat. \"The statement of the NCP central observer is inappropriate. The Congress condemns the statement,\" said Amonkar.Amonkar implied that the NCP lacked leaders by stating that \"the Congress party had loaned its leaders to the NCP for the Lok Sabha and the assembly elections also\".In 2007, when the NCP was given the North Goa seat as part of the seat sharing arrangement, they could not find a candidate and we loaned them one, said Amonkar. \"They (NCP) have to depend on the Congress,\" said Amonkar.He claimed that since the NCP had two ministers in the previous government, the party shouldn't blame the Congress. \"The Congress didn't blame the NCP. We accepted the people's verdict,\" he said.Amonkar felt the NCP should respect the coalition and work together. \"Let us stay together...fight together... and be a strong opposition,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15015405", "title": "Ryan Doyle gets inspired by the iconic Taj Mahal", "text": "Britain's Ryan Doyle is a freerunner or, in the language of the country where the sport was invented, France, a 'traceur'. That means that the 27-year-old uses pretty much anything and everything he can find to perform spectacular jumps, flips and spins.As one of the best freerunners in the world, Doyle recently embarked on an epic journey across the globe in a quest to discover his own seven wonders of the world. A key part of the mission is getting to know the cultures and people of the countries he visits, including other freerunners from the local scene. \"I want to learn from the athletes I meet in the places I visit,\" he explains.After visiting the Colosseum in Rome and touring South and Central America , Doyle recently experienced one of the absolute highlights of his free running odyssey. The Taj Mahal in the Indian city of Agra is not only a UNESCO World Heritage Site and one of the New 7 Wonders of the World since 2007, but is also quite simply one of the most beautiful buildings anywhere the world. It was constructed by Mughal emperor Shah Jahan in the 17th century in memory of his favourite wife, Mumtaz Mahal .Doyle admitted that having the chance to perform his very own form of art in such a magical location was a very special feeling: \"The Taj Mahal is incredibly beautiful. It really is a wonder of symmetry and harmony. The trees, gardens and water features all fit perfectly with the surroundings.\"The iconic mausoleum provided the perfect backdrop for some of the Briton's most spectacular moves, which will feature in a film documenting his round-the-world tour. Indeed, Doyle's performance was so impressive that the local authorities immediately granted him permission for a second session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15011545", "title": "'Promote use of public transport'", "text": "NASHIK: Noting that the impact of climate change was visible in the scarcity of water, reduced forest biomass and increasing risk to human health, former commissioner (planning) of Delhi Development Authority and member of the government's committee on New Delhi Municipal Corporation Act A K Jain said there was a need to promote use of public transport. Jain was in the city for a conference on urban development.Observing that the impact of climate change was visible with the increasing scarcity of water, reduction in yield of forest biomass and increased risks to human health and malnutrition, former commissioner (planning) of Delhi Development Authority and a member of the government's Committee on New Delhi Municipal Corporation Act A K Jain gave a clarion call to curtail the need to travel and promote the use of public transport.Jain who worked as Commissioner (Planning), Delhi Development Authority upto August 2008 and worked on the master plan for Delhi-2021, National Urban Housing and Habitat Policy and National Urban Transport Policy, was in Nashik for a conference on urban development. He has worked on world habitant reports as a member of the advisory board of the UN-Habitat and is a member of the panel on the new DMC Act.Speaking on 'The role of urban infrastructure in India' during a two-day national-level conference, organized by Nashik centre of Association of Consulting Civil Engineers (India) on 'Urban infra: 2012', Jain said, \"The urban expansion, industrialization, lack of services, energy and transport demands are leading to a vicious cycle of pollution. According to the Inter-governmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the main sources of emission are energy (26%), transport (18%), industry (19%) and buildings (10%). are the main sources of emissions.Jain highlighted that cities have to reduce their ecological footprint caused by transport, which run on fossil fuels. This can be done by implementing policies which aim to shift private vehicle users to public transport. The spatial model should be based upon the principle of 'less travel, more energy savings'. Efforts should be made to curb the need to travel. As such, a compact development can significantly help in saving fossil fuel consumption, climate change and environment.A mix of pedestrians, bicycles, people movers, hyper-trams, hyper-buses and ferries provides a safer, faster and cheaper mobility than the personal car. This calls for replanning of urban form which promotes walk ability and curtail the need to travel. Transport policy and plans linked to pollution control, including noise, should be part of a City Plan. Providing a barrier free environment is a mandatory requirement for outdoor and indoor environment, he said.He added water needs to be recycled for use and local treatment is needed. is emerging as the most critical sustainability constraints in the Indian cities and rationalization of land and water use, recycling, reuse and local treatment of urban water are need to overcome the problem. A vision plan for water supply focusing upon local opportunities is a major stepping stone in dealing with urban water supply in an effective manner.In order to safeguard public health, the urban society has to adopt re-cycling (e.g. water, solid waste, land), regeneration (dilapidated, old areas), recovery (wastelands, encroached areas), restructuring ( networks , land use, transport), rehabilitation/replanning (traditional areas, slums, unplanned areas) and rejuvenation (river, water bodies, parks etc). Instead of conventional drainage, the concepts of micro-runoff, swales, and bio-drainage need to be adopted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011418", "title": "Uttarakhand's annual plan finalized at Rs 8,200 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission on Monday finalized Uttarakhand's annual plan for 2012-13 at Rs 8,200 crore, a 5% increase over the state's outlay last year.The plan size was finalized at a meeting between plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna.Ahluwalia said the commission was aware of the infrastructure deficit in the state and its constraint to meet the cost of infrastructure development.He said the state needed to further encourage private sector participation in infrastructure development which would help it tap the potential in sectors like tourism while catalyzing economic activity in all regions. The state government's attention was drawn to problems in human development, including dropout rate in schools and minority welfare.The CM said only 18% people in the state were below the poverty line against 32.7% in 2004-05, adding that in the 12th five-year plan, the state will target poverty and unemployment as the most serious challenges.Infrastructure, agriculture and allied sectors, water and irrigation, industry, power, tourism, education and skill development and medical and health would be the focus sectors during the 12th Plan, he added.There was a strong case for developing a wide network of railways to all districts as a strategic defence initiative, Bahuguna said. Similarly, there was a need to take up development of airports, airstrips and helipads as a defence, tourist and disaster management initiative, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011203", "title": "Rush to meet CM deadline on projects", "text": "KOLKATA: On July 16 last year, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had made her first visit to Jangalmahal and announced a host of projects ranging from setting up of colleges to upgrade of hospitals. A year later, the state PWD is working full swing to meet the November 2013 deadline set by the chief minister.The state public works department (PWD) is working in full gear to complete all development projects by November 2013, including the special development package schemes that chief minister Mamata Banerjee had announced on her first visit to Jangalmahal exactly an year ago.The chief minister had announced several development schemes, including hospitals, colleges, medical units, stadiums and others.Though the projects are numerous, the time at hand is short. The government has planned to set up government colleges at Salboni, Lalgarh, Jhargram and Nayagram - all in West Midnapore.Construction work for these colleges is already underway. While two of them have to be completed by September next year, the other two have November 2013 deadline.Besides, a polytechnic institute at Ramgarh and three Industrial Training Institutes (ITI) are to come up in Khatra, Salboni and Balarampur. Work for the polytechnic institute has begun and 25% of the work has been completed. The institute is slated to go on the floors by September 29, 2013. This month, work for the ITI in Bankura's Khatra commenced. But with construction of the other two ITIs yet to begin, the November 1 deadline next year may not be very easy to achieve.The chief minister had also announced setting up of a new sports academy and upgrade of an existing stadium in Jhargram. New stadiums will also come up in Nayagram and Salboni. While work for the Nayagram project started on July 9, it is scheduled to be completed on September 8 next year. Construction of the stadium at Salboni began on June 6 and is expected to will be complete by October 5 2013.Twenty-six girls' hostels - 17 in West Midnapore and nine in Bankura - will also be set up.Among the development schemes include construction of new government colleges in Salboni, Lalgarh, Jhargram and Nayagram, all in West Midnapore, construction of new ITI institutes in Khatra, Salbani and Balarampur, construction of new polytechnic institute at Ramgarh, construction of a sports academy at Jhargram and upgradation of an existing stadium also in Jhargram, construction of new stadiums in Nayagram and Salboni and construction of 26 number of girls hostels of the school education department, 17 such hostels at West Midnapore and nine at Bankura.Besides these projects, the CM on July 16 last year had also announced a host of special development packages for Jangalmahal area that comes under the purview of the health and family welfare and sports and youth services departments.Projects under the health and family welfare department include construction of a superspeciality hospital at Salboni primary health centre in Midnapore, setting up of a sick new born care unit (SNCU) and gynaecology and maternity wards on the second floor of the Deben Mahato subdivisional hospital in Purulia, vertical expansion of the first floor over the existing ground floor of the hospital's OPD building, setting up a blood bank at Khatra subdivisional hospital in Bankura, upgrade of Jhargram subdivisional hospital and setting up of construction of OT complex and trauma care unit in Kharagpur. Projects under the sports department include sports academies at Purulia and Bankura.The projects were delayed because of the non availability of funds, absence of a bidder in the first call and other administrative reasons. But they are expected to be completed by next year.The projects are running in slight delay for several reasons such as non availability of funds, no bidder in the first call and other administrative reasons but are expected to be completed by next year.Among the projects of the other development scheme package, the PWD's construction board directorate have already commenced work of many of the projects. Work of the new government colleges at four places of West Midnapore have started from this month itself. The target date of completion of two of these colleges are by September and two by November next year. One of the new ITI have started work at Khatra in Bankura this month and the process of commencing work is on for the other two ITIs. The completion target of the three ITIs are by November 1 next year.Work of the polytechnic institute at Ramgarh have started and already 25% of work have been completed. The target date of completion for this project is September 29 next year. Construction of the new stadiums at Nayagram and Salboni have just started and the target date to complete these two projects are September and October next year respectively.The main PWD directorate is looking into the progress of projects of Jangalmhal. that are included in the special development package schemes.Preliminary survey for the superspeciality hospital at Salboni has been carried out. Work for the SNCU and gynaecology and maternity wards at Deben Mahato hospital, pegged at Rs 1.57 crore, is underway. and is expected to be complete by May 31 next year.The PWD is reviewing the project cost of the ANM training school in Lalgarh for which the topographical survey and soil testing have been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15011497", "title": "Workshop on self hypsosis", "text": "Leona Fernandes will conduct a workshop on self hypnosis on July 18, from 5pm to 8.30pm, at International Centre Goa (ICG), Dona Paula. The workshop is open to those above the age of 14. For details and registration contact Leona Fernandes on 9960431362 (from 7.30pm to 9.30pm) or email at Fleona@gmail.com.Flower rangoli competition: The 6th edition of the 'All Goa Onam Pookalam (flower rangoli) competition' for the FAGMA trophy will be organized by the Federation of All Goa Malayalee Associations on August 18, from 3pm to 5pm, at Kala Academy's art gallery, Campal-Panaji. The competition is open to five-member teams sponsored by registered socio-cultural organisations and recognized institutions/firms in Goa, states a press note. For entry forms contact the FAGMA office at F II, Tilak commercial complex, Vasco, or the offices of member Kerala Samjams, or email at fagmagoa@gmail.com. The last date for submitting entry forms is August 10.Kayaking trips: Regular daily Kayaking trips are being conducted in the Nerul and Zuari rivers. For details and reservations, call on 9422056307 or email at gakayaking@gmail.com.Radio show featuring Goan artistes: Starting from July 29, every Sunday at 5pm bassist Colin D'Cruz of 'Jazz Goa' will present a two-hour show 'Indigo Goa Grooves' featuring Goan artistes on Radio Indigo. The musicians that will be featured on the programme will include Bonny Remedios, Yvonne Gonsalves, Chrystal Farrell, Sonia Shirsat, Minelli Pinto, Aileen Carneiro and Carlos Gracias. For details write to goafeedback@indigo919, or contact Colin D'Cruz on 9657574480 or email at colinbassman@hotmail.com.Blood donation drive at GMC: The International WeloveU Foundation' will organize a blood donation drive at the Goa medical college blood bank, Bambolim, at 10am on July 22. For details contact Hyong-hwan Choi on 7350921462.Seminar on the new testament: The Jesuit Fathers of Pedro Arrupe Institute, Raia, as part of the 'Deepen your faith' programme, will organize an introductory seminar on the theme of 'The new testament and the traditions of the church' on the July 21 (4.30pm to 8pm) and July 22 (9am to 2pm) at the institute. The last date for registration is July 19. For details and reservations call on 2776998, 2858323, 2776917, or 8805570108, or email at deepenyourfaith@gmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012139", "title": "Buffalo milk production hit by lack of fodder", "text": "PUNE: The break in monsoon rainfall in the district has brought down the buffalo milk production by about 12,000 litres per day, said Vivek Kshirsagar, managing director of the Pune District Co-operative Milk Producers' Federation Ltd, popularly known as Katraj dairy.Speaking to TOI, he said, \"Lack of green fodder due to inadequate rainfall has affected milk production. Crops such as jowar and maize are commonly cultivated by the farmers during the kharif season, parts of which can be used as fodder. We used to get a supply of 25,000 litres of buffalo milk every day. For the last few weeks the supply has gone down by 12,000 litres per day.\"The supply of cow milk is showing a marginal variation but has not dropped as drastically as the buffalo milk production, as cows are less sensitive to the lack of green fodder. If the rainfall situation continues unchanged, lack of fodder will soon affect cow milk production too, Kshirsagar said.\"Every day, we are in contact with farmers from various parts of the district, who have been complaining about the drop in milk yield and enquiring about alternative measures to increase milk production,\" he said.The dairy sector usually goes through a period of shortage during summer, when fodder and water are not available. The insufficient rainfall during June and July this year has reduced availability of green fodder. The green grass grown everywhere on barren land is a major source of fodder to farmers, but this year it has not been available in abundance, Kshirsagar said.\"This has lowered milk production, especially in buffaloes, as the animal prefers cold weather and water. There is no water in small lakes or check dams in the villages where farmers can leave their cattle for some time. This has also forced dairies in the district to buy milk from adjacent districts at higher prices to meet the city's demand,\" he said.Kshirsagar said, \"The district produces around 20 lakh litres of milk daily, but a significant portion of it goes to private companies manufacturing milk products such as cheese and butter. Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad need some 10 lakh litres of milk per day, a demand that cannot be met due to the decline in supply.\"Baramati and Indapur tehsils have their own cooperative milk dairies and do not supply milk to Katraj dairy. Both the dairies have their own marketing channels and their clients mainly include milk product manufacturing companies.Cow milk is sold at Rs 17 per litre, while buffalo milk is sold at Rs 25.25 per litre. Kshirsagar said that there would be no rise in milk price in the immediate future as the state could receive good rainfall in next two months.There are about 85 milk brands in the retail market in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. Compared to cow milk, buffalo milk is known for its high nutritional value and to maintain it, dairies have started mixing milk powder in the milk. It is an attempt to maintain the quality of the milk as well as meet the growing demand, he maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010934", "title": "CBI may file another chargesheet against Ramadoss", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI will soon file a second chargesheet against former health minister Anbumani Ramadoss for showing favours to a private medical college -- Rohilkhand Medical College and Hospital (RMCH) in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh -- despite Medical Council of India (MCI) denying permission to the college to run MBBS course.Sources said the agency had \"documentary evidence\" to prove Ramadoss's involvement in granting \"undue favours\" to the college.This will be the second CBI case in two months against Ramadoss, who was Union health minister from May 2004 till April 2009 in UPA-1. CBI had filed a chargesheet against Ramadoss in April for allegedly abusing his official position and allowing Indore-based Index Medical College to admit students despite having insufficient resources.The agency has sought prosecution sanction against some health ministry officials and a few doctors of Safdarjung Hospital in the matter. When asked, a top CBI officer said, \"We will be filing a chargesheet against the former minister.\" He added that they didn't need prosecution sanction to chargesheet Ramadoss.In the Rohilkhand Medical College case, which is being investigated by the Lucknow branch of anti-corruption wing of CBI, the agency will name Ramadoss, owner of RMCH, health ministry officials and doctors of Safdarjung Hospital, who were reportedly part of the health ministry's inspection team.Sources say Rohilkhand Medical College was denied permission twice by MCI for the academic session of 2008-2009. The college had gone to the Supreme Court alleging bias by MCI, but to no avail. Later, a third inspection by the health ministry, which had doctors of Safdarjung Hospital as representatives, found that the college had \"adequate facilities\".Despite the MCI rejections and Supreme Court dismissing the college's plea on September 26, 2008, Ramadoss allegedly gave permission to the college the very same evening to admit 100 students in the MBBS course, sources said.In its inspection report, MCI had mentioned that there was not adequate teaching staff and infrastructure facilities in the college and it could not be granted permission for the course.\"The ministry went ahead and gave permission to RMCH to operate MBBS course. The ministry officials had demanded a huge sum of money from the college to get an all clear report,\" a CBI official said.In April, Ramadoss was named the main accused by CBI in its charge sheet in the Index Medical College case. Apart from Ramadoss, K V S Rao, director in cabinet secretariat, Sudershan Kumar, section officer in the health ministry and Dr J S Dhupia and Dr Dipendra Kumar Gupta of Safdarjung Hospital were named in the chargesheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15010660", "title": "Bannerghatta's terrain treacherously deceptive", "text": "BANGALORE: Bannerghatta's deciduous forest is deceptive but swathes of wooded terrain interspersed with thorny shrubs don't deter those looking for a high-adrenalin trek.But the 270-sqkm jungle can be a minefield. What you think is a slate boulder in your path could actually be a tusker defending its patch from intruders.About 25 km from Bangalore, the forest is home to tigers, elephants, hyenas, jackals and peacocks. It was a favourite spot for shikar (game hunting) till the government banned it. Bangalore-based hunter-turned-writer Kenneth Anderson introduced Bannerghatta to global readers through his stories.The forest becomes dense closer to the Tamil Nadu border near Mutyala Maduvu, as Pearl Valley is also known, another favorite picnic spot for Bangaloreans.District forest officer N Devaraj told TOI that outsiders are barred from entering Bannerghatta forest as it's too dangerous because of elephant herds. At least 100 elephants are said to be moving about there now.\"Most herds have calves and the mothers are very protective. It's really risky to go anywhere near them,\" he said, adding, \"There are some safe paths. Those who want to trek should seek our permission and we'll guide them,\" he said.The forest department will provide security to trekkers. Locals and forest guards will escort groups and ensure they don't criss-cross the elephant corridor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "15011569", "title": "Bargarh cops crack fake lottery racket", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Bargarh police made a breakthrough in fake lottery case by arresting four Nigerians and one Ugandan in New Delhi recently. The accused, N Anthony, Max well, Okonkwo Nambichery, John Abboid Bayjoi (all Nigerians) and Kisakai Fanta Bela (the Ugandan) have been brought to Bargarh. They had swindled more than Rs 5 lakh from a resident of Bargarh.\"We arrested them in New Delhi on July 14 and brought them on police remand. We will forward them to judicial custody on Tuesday after interrogation\", the SDPO (Bargarh) Amarendra Rana said on Monday evening. A special police team had gone to the national capital to arrest them.Police said a local shopkeeper, Syam Sunder Sahu, had received a message on his cellphone on June 2, 2012 where the sender had confirmed him to be a lucky winner of a lottery of Rs one crore and requested him to deposit Rs 21,500 as processing fee to get the lottery amount.Accordingly, the complainant deposited the money in a savings account given by the sender. Later, he was asked to deposit more money to receive the lottery. Sahu has alleged that he had deposited Rs 5.23 lakh to get the lottery money. But when he was asked to deposit Rs 75,000 more, he suspected that he was being cheated by the senders in the name of lottery and complained to police on June30, 2012,\" Rana said. Rana informed that police have also seized several laptops and cellphones from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15010125", "title": "Dumper mows down MANIT student", "text": "BHOPAL: A 25-year-old student riding a motorbike was killed when he was hit by a speeding dumper here on Monday. The police have arrested the driver and seized the vehicle.According to police, Radha Raman was hit from behind by the heavy vehicle at the Nehru Nagar square.Raman was a M Tech student of Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT). Students informed the police that he was returning home after dropping his partner to the college.The incident took place around 9.15 am at the busy Nehru Nagar square. The deceased was a native of Jaipur. Raman, who was on motorbike was hit by the dumper from behind. He suffered severe head injuries and died on the spot, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011222", "title": "NDA names Jaswant Singh for Vice-President polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: The NDA on Monday decided to field Jaswant Singh for the \"token contest\" for Vice-President after Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav refused take the field heavily tilted for UPA's Hamid Ansari.The decision to field Jaswant, a former minister for foreign affairs and finance, was taken for the sheer sake of denying a walkover to Ansari who has an overwhelming advantage in the electoral college consisting of members of the two Houses of Parliament. With the Left throwing its weight behind Ansari, the UPA candidate has the assured support of 475 of the 790 electors.The combined tally of NDA and two potential regional outfits -- Jayalalitha's AIADMK and Naveen Patnaik's BJD -- stands at a modest 265. The consolation is that, unlike in the case of presidential polls where JD(U) and Shiv Sena are supporting UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee, all the NDA constituents have stuck together over the polls for Vice-President.UPA is hopeful of support from parties like Trinamool Congress, TDP, TRS and YSR Congress, who along with Independents make up the \"undecided\" lot with a vote share of 53. However, it will be home and dry even if all the fence sitters break for the NDA.Announcing Jaswant's choice, BJP veteran L K Advani justified the decision not to give a free passage to Ansari for his second term by citing the manner in which the incumbent on December 27, 2011 had \"abruptly\" adjourned the House. The decision, which was criticized also by the Left and Trinamool, helped the UPA escape a vote on Lokpal Bill that it risked losing.The NDA settled on Jaswant, who was thrown out of the BJP a few years ago for writing a book on M A Jinnah which was seen by the party as sympathetic to the founder of Pakistan, after a last-minute effort to persuade Sharad Yadav failed. The JD(U) leader, who is also the convenor of the opposition combine, is learnt to have held that having championed the cause of the socially and economically underprivileged, he did not wish to be seen as aspiring for a post which carries privileges and trappings of power. That would not be fair to my constituents, sources quoted Yadav as saying.Early on, BJP had tried to persuade Badal to enter the fray against Ansari. However, the veteran chief minister of Punjab declined the offer, pointing to his ripe age. According to sources, Badal said it would not be possible for him to conduct proceedings in Rajya Sabha: a job that the Vice-President is required to perform as chairman of the Upper House.\"All the NDA allies in today's meet decided unanimously that we should put up our candidate for vice-president and put up a fight. And the name of Jaswant was approved by everyone,\" Advani told reporters after the meeting of the NDA, adding that Yadav was not keen to contest.He also did not rule out talking to UPA ally Trinamool on the matter.Asked whether the vice-presidential election has united NDA, Yadav said, \"NDA was united earlier also. An exception had happened for presidential election. We backed Pranab Mukherjee's candidature because he understands the country. That does not mean we are with Congress.\"Yadav also recalled how Ansari had called in marshals to evict MPs protesting against the Women Reservation Bill in 2010 and that he did not approve of this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014780", "title": "Payel looks forward to fun Phuket shoot", "text": "It's double bonanza for actor Payel Sarkar. She will be leaving for Phuket soon to shoot a song-anddance sequence along with Jisshu Sengupta for Anindo Bannerjee's film.Secondly, Payel was supposed to be part of Raj Chakrabarty's \" Kanamachi \" but she couldn't because of date issues. But this time the actor has been roped in opposite Abir Chatterjee for Raj's next.\"I've never been to Phuket, so I'm looking forward to it. I play a character who falls in love with any guy whose name is Prem. The film is a comedy of errors and the script is hilarious. It's fun to work with Jisshu. Added to that, I will be working with Raj after \" Ley  Chakk a\" so I am quite excited,\" said Payel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15012449", "title": "Allahabad University student shot at in union rivalry", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Although the Allahabad University authorities have not yet announced the dates of students union elections, the fight for supremacy among the aspirants came out in the open when a student of MA-II, Abhishek Singh alias Sonu, was shot at and injured in broad daylight at Lala Chunggi, the triangular crossing barely a few yards from the Women's Hostel of AU on Monday.Although no FIR was lodged in this connection till reports last came in, according to Colonelganj police Sonu was shot when he and his supporters clashed with another aspirant Abhishek Kumar Singh alias Michael at Lala Chunggi.In January the varsity authorities had announced that they would hold the student's elections sometime in September. As many of the student leaders, who had actually fought for the cause of restoration of student's union, are not contesting the elections and the varsity authorities are taking fresh admissions in various courses, there is a mad rush among the aspirants to install hoardings and banners in their support at various places around AU.Among these places, Pravesh Bhawan and Lala Chunggi are the favourite among the aspirants.Monday's incident also has its link to this undeclared competition among the aspirants. According to sources, Sonu and Michael were friends barely a few months ago but since both of them were eyeing for the post of president, they were not in talking terms with each other. Sonu had recently cleared MA-I in Philosophy while Michael has got admission in LLB 3-year course a few days back.Sources said that Michael, who had been illegally living in Tara Chand Hostel of AU, had installed a huge hoarding at Lala Chunggi but Sonu too wanted to install his hoarding at the same place and as a result both of them had come to loggerheads on Saturday.However, timely intervention of the police and some seniors had averted a showdown.On Monday too, as Sonu arrived at Lala Chunggi along with his supporters with an intension to install his hoarding, someone informed Michael who reached the spot along with his supporters. Soon altercation started among the two groups which resulted in exchange of fisticuffs. Later, shots were fired in the air by both the groups.Eyewitnesses said that soon the entire area was deserted as the two groups also indulged in brick batting, resulting in injuries to students from both the sides.In the chaos, someone shot at Sonu in the abdomen. Soon his supporters rushed him to the SRN Hospital, were he was to be operated upon.Inspector, Colonelganj, R D Yadav, said: \"We are investigating the matter and have taken the statement of the injured boy. We would soon lodge an FIR.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15013656", "title": "Boom town gets realty check", "text": "This may be the first time when a court has stalled new construction in a city to ensure that underground water is not used for construction. Gurgaon's underground water table has reached an all-time low of 51 metres and the state has failed to put a check on this. Not just this, against an estimated demand of 200 million gallons per day (MGD), HUDA is able to supply just 51MGD, leaving residents with no other option but to rely on private water tankers.\"The court has observed that the state has not shown interest in augmenting supply, procuring additional water or water harvesting. As much as 60% of the city doesn't even have pipeline connectivity. The water crisis which Gurgaon faced this summer is only going to get worse. According to independent studies, the ground water level is depleting at a rate of 3 metres every year,\" said Nivedita Sharma, petitioners' lawyer.Both environmentalists and residents have welcomed this far-reaching order, expressing the hope that now the state will wake up to the city's water needs. Similarly, construction is at the core of a fast-developing city like Gurgaon. Both the administration and builders need to find out viable alternatives to groundwater. \"The government cannot be laid back and not formulate a constructive policy for water supply in a city like Gurgaon. They should also focus on recharging groundwater. Also, prices are market-driven. We might have some escalation if this continues in the long run,\" said Santhosh Kumar, CEO, Jones Lang LaSalle India.No doubt thousands of home-buyers are trying to understand what this verdict means for them. Real estate analysts say this order may lead to further delay in housing projects, escalating cost for the end-user. This will not just affect the new projects, but also those that are underway.\"This order will give the builders a justification to increase prices even though the actual burden of the water cost, if they have to purchase from outside, may be a fraction of the entire cost of the project,' said Sanjay Sharma, managing director of QuBREX, a real estate analysis firm.The developers said the government must develop alternative sources of water, like recycling of waste water. \"The state should be liberal towards projects which have a 100% recharge and 0% discharge plan. The developers cannot shut shop,\" said Ravi Saund, COO of CHD Developers .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012030", "title": "First priority must be to remove encroachments, say experts", "text": "MUMBAI: After a life was claimed on Monday due to a leopard attack, the tussle between man and humans has once again come to the forefront. With human beings constantly pushing the forest boundaries, leopard-spotting has already become a common thing at the Sanjay Gandhi National Park. Environmentalists and forest officials said that a balance needs to be achieved to contain more animal attacks.The first requirement is to remove encroachments on the forest land. According to Krishna Tiwari of City Forest Initiative, there are around 45 padas or slums in and around the Sanjay Gandhi National Park boundary. Of these, at least 25 are frequented by leopards almost daily. \"People are used to seeing leopards. However, the animal seldom attacks humans as it is mostly looking out for easy prey like dogs and cats,\" said Tiwari. Apart from these, there are residential complexes in Aarey Colony, which earlier used to serve as a buffer to the main forest. Hence, measures have to be taken to ensure that human encroachment on forest is limited.Bittu Sahgal, editor, Sanctuary Asia, said that resettlement of slums must be made a priority.\"The resettlement has been mooted for more than a decade and for the safety of our children the process must be put on the highest priority,\" said Sahgal. Tiwari also concurred saying that too much encroachment can lead to many such dangerous situations.Other officials said that slums and human habitations around the forest also accumulate lot of garbage which attracts dogs and other animals. \"The leopards usually come out of the forest thicket to prey on small animals which can be easily spotted in open areas,\" said a forest official.Apart from slum rehabilitation, the forest officials also need to create barriers. \"There needs to be barriers between the park and the slums. There is need for leopard proof wall, mesh and laser wire barriers to keep more intrusions from happening,\" said Sahgal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011262", "title": "Ujwal Nikam to be prosecutor against Jundal, Munde couple", "text": "NAGPUR: Leading lawyer Ujwal Nikam will be the special public prosecutor in the case against one of the masterminds of deadly 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks - Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal. Though the dreaded ultra is currently in custody of Delhi police and National Investigation Agency (NIA), the state is trying hard to get his custody.\"I had appeared for the state while drafting warrant for his arrest by Mumbai police,\" Nikam told TOI during his visit to the city for appearing in Monika Kirnapure and Kush Katariya murder cases for which he has been specially appointed as prosecutor. Earlier, Nikam had successfully pleaded the case against 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab who has been sentenced to death.Jundal, a Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) operative, is wanted by the Maharashtra cops for host of cases apart from that of 26/11 attack. He is believed to be one of the handlers of terrorists. He is also one of the conspirators of Pune German Bakery blast that killed 17 persons. However, Jundal will be arrested first for his alleged role in Aurangabad arms haul case of 2006.Nikam added he was also appointed to plead the case of state against Beed's doctor couple accused of scores of illegally aborting scores of female foetuses. Dr Sudam Munde and his wife Dr Saraswati allegedly fed female foetuses to their dogs to dispose them of. Though many complaints were made against the couple in the past, they managed to remain free by allegedly bribing the police. The couple's nefarious activities came to the fore after a sting operation by an NGO. Initially, they were on the run but later surrendered to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "yadagirigutta", "code": "15010477", "title": "Two killed in blast at explosives unit", "text": "YADAGIRIGUTTA: Two workers were killed in a blast at an explosives manufacturing unit in Pedda Kandukuru village of Yadagirigutta mandal in Nalgonda on Monday. Experts were called immediately to defuse six kg explosives which were stored in the factory at the time of the blast.Sources said the blast took place at around 3pm in one of the sheds. The ceiling collapsed under the impact of the explosion. Two workers, Moinuddin and Yellaiah, died on the spot while another worker was seriously injured. He was rushed to a private hospital in Hyderabad. The workers were mixing some chemicals when the blast occurred.Sources said the bodies of the workers were charred and could be recovered after four hours of search.Explosives experts had struggled to defuse six kilos of explosives that were stored in a corner there.Police booked a case against the factory management. \"Accidents had happened in the past too. We have started an inquiry into the circumstances that led to the blast,\" Alair CI Krishna Kishore said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011257", "title": "Monsoon: 16 of 36 meteorological divisions report deficient rainfall", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monsoon might be recovering on an average across the country, but some pockets could be staring at a severe drought even as almost half the rainy season is over accounting for little rainfall. So far, the worst-hit is Gujarat, where the deficit ranges between 66% and 71% in the two meteorological divisions of the state. The western half of Rajasthan, too, is suffering a similar plight and the shortfall for the season is at a high 82%.The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) defines a deficient monsoon region if the rains are 20%-59% below the long- term average. Even by that wide margin, 16 of the 36 meteorological divisions have been deficient, and another five are worse off.Seven of the divisions have had less than half the normal rains. With a good part of the season over, now the chances of a recovery in these patches seem bleak, irrespective of whether El Nino hits the monsoon's tail-end.Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Monday said that he didn't believe a drought was imminent. \"I do not think we have reached the drought situation yet. I will wait till second week of August ... We are ready with contingency plan for any eventuality,\" he saidHe may be correct, if one factors in the entire country's average rainfall. In fact, the overall deficiency for the season has come down to 23% of the long-term average. But the average hides the ominous data on rainfall from some pockets around the country. Along with Gujarat and western Rajasthan, other key states like Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Punjab, Haryana and West Rajasthan could be looking at a severe drought even as the rest of the country survives the plight by a wafer-thin margin. These regions have enjoyed less than half the rains so far than they should have in a normal year.Pawar also said that there was enough stock of late sowing variety of seeds, but for areas and states, which do not see a revival of monsoon that could be of little value.Sources said the government is aware of the fact that nearly a third of the country could be sitting on a precipice, especially the farm sector, and labour distress is the primary concern that overrides the foodgrain stock or overall impact on the economy. With ample stocks of foodgrains \u2014 the supply side is so high that the government is willing to export grains for less than domestic prices \u2014 the distressed areas are likely to get their quota under PDS without any hitch. But lack of demand for labour and consequent cash crunch for marginal and landless farmers could be the biggest threat for state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nandyal", "code": "15010459", "title": "Trader's body found stuffed in plastic bag", "text": "NANDYAL: A rice merchant's body found packed in a white plastic bag in the heart of the town created a sensation here on Monday. Police later identified the deceased as Kumita Vijay Kumar, 31, of Bonthada street. He was last seen near a rice mill in the town around 7 pm on Sunday.\"There were no external injuries on his body but black marks near his eyes indicated that he had suffered several blows on his face. He was probably strangled to death with the help of a piece of cloth,\" I Town SI Ravi Kumar said. The cloth was recovered from his mouth.Kumar's body was first seen by passers-by on the newly-constructed road near a temple around 10am. When the news spread, his relatives rushed to the spot and identified him. The victim's wife said her husband had no enmity with anyone. However, sources said that Kumar was involved in a property dispute with some family members. He had business rivalry with some rice merchants as well, a source added.A murder case was booked based on a complaint lodged by the victim's wife. Kumar is survived by his wife and a four-month-old son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011210", "title": "'Buzz is a platform for creative thoughts'", "text": "NAGPUR: Congratulating the editorial team from Hadas High School (English Medium) for successfully bringing out two editions of the School Buzz page, principal of the school Jyoti Bendre said that the TOI initiative provided a platform for creative thoughts of the students and helped them exercise their mental muscles.\"It was a wonderful opportunity for them. I am sure they learnt a lot,\" she said. The editorial board along with their parents, teacher coordinator and principal were in The Times of India office on Monday for their felicitation programme. \"It was a new and learning experience for the students as well as those of us teachers involved in the whole process,\" said Darshana Bhalerao, teacher coordinator.Enjoying an interactive session with the TOI team the students said that it was a unique experience for them. \"It helped us to think creatively and brainstorm effectively,\" said Ketan Tikekar, a student editor.Agreeing with Ketan, Neha Geed said that it helped bring out the talents in students. \"It was a totally different experience. It provided us a peep into the working world of journalists and the newspaper industry and helped us to appreciate the hard work and dedication they put in their work,\" said Anand Parande, another student editor.The parents were equally happy and were beaming at the work of their children. \"Such initiatives help children build their confidence. This is a very innovative exercise for the kids,\" said Kishor Joshi, a parent.Saying that it was seldom that kids got such opportunities which enriched their learning process, Madan Dabhadkar added that the kids had done a fantastic job. The visit to the TOI office also proved to be an inspiration for the kids as a few of them said that they might think about journalism as a career.\"This provided us with a new option, journalism seems to be an exciting and adventurous career opportunity now,\" said Kaivalya Dabhadkar. Chandrashekhar Koushik too, said that now, he is considering a career in journalism.\"The students seem to have learnt a lot. I am sure that the reading habit of those involved in it will certainly improve and that School Buzz will propel kids to read newspapers,\" said Ninad Bhalerao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15011594", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation meeting ends in 30 minutes", "text": "Nashik: The general body meeting (GBM) of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) was adjourned on Monday, within half an hour of its commencement, to condole the death of prominent personalities who had died in the last month. The GBM, which saw only 50% corporators in attendance, has been scheduled for Friday. The GBM was adjourned after paying tributes to Late Dharmaji Patil- father of sitting Congress corporator Dinkar Patil and former city mayor Dashrath Patil. Tributes were also paid to the late socialist and academician Ram Bapat, late former president of Board Cricket Control of India (BP M Rungtha and late Indian wrestler-turned-actor Dara SinghOnly 50% corporators were present for the meeting.Corporator Dinkar Patil handed over a letter to mayor Yatin Wagh urged a 10-minute adjournment.\"the GBM only for 10 minutes and recommence the proceedings of the House thereafter. He said, \"If this happened, it will be the real tribute to my late father.The GBM's adjournment affects the city's development. We must start a new tradition by recommencing the GBM after paying tributes, instead of adjourning it,\" Patil said.Referring to the suggestion by corporator Dinkar Patil, the Standing Committee chairman of NMC, Uddhav Nimse, said, \"This is really a good suggestion by the corporator Dinkar Patil. But such new rule or norm must be decided following separate discussion at the special GBM.\"The city mayor Yatin Wagh said, \"This is really a good suggestion, but while seeing the tradition of the House, we must have to adjourn the GBM. We still have no such norms over the adjournment of the GBM. Such new norms over adjournment will be chalked out and tabled at the GBM for its consent.\"\"The adjourned GBM will be held on Friday, July 20,\" the mayor added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15010932", "title": "Royal guards of Bhavnagar", "text": "People would be wondering why the people of Bhavnagar and coastal area take pride if they find lion in the vicinity of the field. It is not because of the majestic animal but it is because the lion act as a security for their standing crop. In the area of Bhavnagar and coastal area, the number of neelgai was very high. The neelgai were destroying standing crops.Sandeep Kumar's study reveals that the lion loves to eat neelgai as their food. 63 per cent of their kill in these areas were the Neelgai while the rest 35.5 per cent was of cattle. \"The lions act as a guard. They stop the Neelgai from entering the field. This is why the people of Bhavnagar welcome lion as their neighbours,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata/jailpuri", "code": "15011286", "title": "Flood alert for North Bengal", "text": "Kolkata/Jailpuri: While the people of South Bengal, especially Kolkata, are starved of rain, their counterparts in North Bengal, with hands joined in prayers, are begging for the rains to go slow as it has led to flood-like situation in several places.It is already peak of the rainy season. As Kolkatans wonder where the rains have gone away, its counterparts in North Bengal are getting that sinking feeling. With flood like situation in many parts of the region they want the rain to go away.The monsoon hit South Bengal on June 17. Even as it arrived here about seven days late, it did arrive with a bang, raising hope for regular showers in the parched land. But the monsoon cloud disappeared soon after, depriving the city of its due. Infact there is an acute deficiency of rainfall this monsoon, a stark 75% deficiency till July 16.Last year, South Bengal had recorded a whooping 429mm rainfall in June and 229 mm in July. If taken together, the region had experienced an excess rainfall of 44% in the last season. Contrarily, a stark deficiency of 75% has been noted in this year's monsoon. While the , excess of 75%. The next month had 229 mm rainfall that was 31% less that the normal amount. Based in these two data, last year June and July had an excess rainfall of 44%.This year however both June and July has witnessed deficiency. While it rained 140mm in June, in south Bengal creating a deficiency of 43%, the amount of rainfall in South Bengal in July (till July 16) stands at 283mm which is 31% less that the normal amount.Kolkata, on the other hand, is deficient in rains by 34%. But if predictions by the Met office are taken to be true, Kolkata and other parts of South Bengal are likely to get drenched by Wednesday. The total amount of deficiency in Kolkata alone is about 34%. But there is good news from the Met office. Kolkata and other parts of south Bengal is expected to get rain by Wednesday.\"Taken separately, rainfall received by South Bengal in both June and July is quite less than the normal mark. A Yes month wise rainfall in both June and July till date this year are short of the normal amount. But it is too early to draw a conclusion. calculate either deficient or the excess amount.The scanty rainfall is due to absence of low pressure area or a cyclonic circulation over the region. We, however, expect increased rain activity in South Bengal after 48 hours,\" said GC Debnath, director of regional meteorological centre, Kolkata.The picture in North Bengal stands in stark contrast. Incessant rainfall over the past 48 hours in parts of north Bengal, Sikkim and the Bhutan Hills has raised the possibility of floods in many parts of the region, especially in Jalpaiguri and Cooch Behar districts of West Bengal.The irrigation department has sounded a red alert for the Teesta and a yellow alert for the Torsa, Jaldhaka, Kaljani and Sankosh. To make matters worse, the Met office has predicted heavy to very heavy rainfall in the Hills over the next 48 hours. Parts of Jalpaiguri town have already gone under water after the Karala overflowed its banks. Several areas in Siliguri were flooded as well after the Mahananda breached an embankment.which is expected to worsen the situation.While Siliguri recorded 274.6mm rainfall over the past 24 hours, Malbazar got 258.5mm and Sevoke received 206mm. Due to continuous rainfall in the upper catchment areas, all the rivers originating in Bhutan and Sikkim are in spate.Parts of Jalpaiguri town have already gone under water after the Karala overflowed its banks. Several areas in Siliguri were flooded as well after the Mahananda breached an embankment.\"Further rainfall in Bhutan and Sikkim is likely to worsen the situation. There is every possibility that the Teesta, which is already raging, will overflow its banks if Sikkim gets more rain. This will largely affect Jalpaiguri town, which is situated on the banks of that river. Nearly 125 bunds have been identified as vulnerable and repairs cannot be carried out right now due to the high water level,\" said Jalpaiguri DM Smaraki Mahapatra.The Teesta embankment has been damaged in Par Mekhliganj in Cooch Behar's Mekhliganj, Turibari in Malbazar and Aamguri in Maynaguri. At Godhairkuthi in Dhupguri, a part of the bund on the Jaldhaka has been damaged. In Grassmore in Nagrakata Kuchi, the Diana has breached 200m of the bund and about 150m of the bund was washed away by the Reti Sukriti in Kalchini.At Nagrakata in the Dooars, around 1,700 people were marooned at Kherketa Bustee after the connecting bridge on Ghoila Doba was washed away by the Kuchi Diana. The administration is planning to hire two kunki (trained) elephants from the forest department to rescue the stranded families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011970", "title": "Idol smuggler battling cancer, diabetes in jail", "text": "CHENNAI: Jet-setting idol smuggler Subhash Chandra Kapoor, who plundered ancient statues from temples in Tamil Nadu and smuggled them across the world, is stricken by prostate cancer and a rash of ailments including diabetes , asthmatic bronchitis and the long-term autoimmune disorder Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).Kapoor, who was extradited to India on July 14, is being treated for his ailments and severe lactose allergy in Central Prison, Puzhal. Central Prison chief doctor E Kathiravan examined Kapoor when he was jailed on Saturday evening. \"Kapoor is taking tablets purchased from abroad for his lactose allergy,\" Dr Kathiravan said. \"We are giving Kapoor proper medical attention and the medicines and facilities he needs in prison.\"The doctor said Kapoor had visited many leading hospitals across the world for treatment.The German government had sent a letter dated May 14 to the ministry of foreign affairs, asking whether the prison in Chennai had the facilities needed to treat Kapoor. \"During the extradition process, the German government clarified with prison officials that the Puzhal complex had the facilities required to treat Kapoor if he was extradited to India. We met all their conditions,\" additional director-general of police (prisons) S K Dogra said.Officers of the CB-CID's idol wing on Monday asked the Jayankondam magistrate's court to remand Kapoor in police custody for 15 days. When police produced Kapoor before magistrate Rajkumar, the antique dealer's lawyers cited his ill health and pleaded against police custody. The magistrate posted orders for Wednesday.Kapoor was brought to Chennai by road on Monday night. Kapoor, born in 1949, was involved the smuggling of ancient artefacts from Tamil Nadu, Afghanistan and Pakistan among other countries. He moved to the United States from Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh more than three decades ago and set up an antique shop-cum-gallery in New York and a company, Nimbus Import and Export Incorporation, through which he sold antiques.He was arrested at Frankfurt airport in October 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011922", "title": "Incessant rain brings down deficit to 16%", "text": "LUCKNOW: Eleven days of good rainfall has brought down the rain deficit in the city from 97% below normal on July 5 to almost 16% below normal on Monday (July 16). The city recorded 178.3 mm total rainfall from June 1 till date. This rainfall, however, actually took place from July 5 to July 16.The month of June was mostly dry, as arrival of monsoon got delayed by 20 days. The normal rainfall set for the period from June 1 to July 16 is 214.1 mm. More rains are likely in coming days. This may bring the rainfall to the normal level, said the weatherman.The monsoon had arrived in UP on June 21, but lost steam thereafter. It gathered momentum on July 5 and the rainfall data shows that it has brought the rain deficit to half in comparison to the situation in the month of June. On June 28, per district average rainfall deficit of the state was 77% below normal, which on Monday (July 16) had come down to 36% below normal. East UP received more rains in comparison to west. Per district average rainfall in the eastern parts of the state has been 149.5 mm so far in monsoon season this year against the normal of 257.8 mm, which is 27% below normal. In the same period, per district rainfall in western UP has been 91.4 mm against the normal of 197.5 mm, which comes out to be 54% below normal.In fact, in around a dozen districts of the east UP, rainfall is now above normal. Lakhimpur Kheri has been the wettest district with 26% above normal rains. In Faizabad, total rainfall has been 12% above normal and in Balrampur 5% above normal. Though the rainfall in the Central UP and Terai regions is still below normal, the deficit has reduced. But, the situation in Bundelkhand and West UP is till grim. In Bundelkhand, the total rain this monsoon so far has been 46% below normal and in Jalaun 53% below normal. In west UP, total rains in Agra have been 41% below normal and in Bareilly, it has been 54% below normal. Drought like situation is prevailing in a few west UP districts. The total rainfall in Rampur has been 88% below normal and Saharanpur 70% below normal.State Met director JP Gupta said that the rainfall activity will continue in coming days. The rainfall in east UP will be more in comparison to west. Light to moderate rainfall is expected till July 18. Heavy rains can occur in isolated places. Rainfall is expected to intensify on July 19 and 20 due to the formation of an upper air cyclonic circulation over the Bay of Bengal. During last 24 hours, most places in east UP recorded rainfall, while in west UP, the rains occurred at few places. Heaviest rainfall was 70 mm in Jaunpur. Mirzapur recorded 60 mm, Ayodhya recorded 50 mm, Varanasi 30 mm and Kanpur 10 mm rainfall.All major rivers in the state were rising following heavy rains in the hills. Ghaghra has eroded embankment at few places in Lakhimpur Kheri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "15012060", "title": "Girl takes to snatching to fund nursing classes", "text": "KALYAN: The Kalyan crime branch has arrested a teenaged girl who took to chain-snatching apparently because she needed Rs 11,000 for admissions to a nursing college.The 19-year-old girl, Neelam Patil, was caught red-handed snatching a gold chain from a woman opposite Mahatma Phule police station in Kalyan on Saturday. \"The girl told the police that she had recently cleared her HSC exams and wanted to study nursing, for which she needed Rs 11,000. But with her father unable to give the money, she took to snatching,\" said Prakash Parulkar, an officer. A resident of Eksad in Bhiwandi, Neelam's father is a farmer. She has three brothers who have dropped out of school.According to Prakash Parulkar, Investigator from Kalyan Crime Branch officials, \"In police enquiry girl told us that she recently had completed her HSC and wanted to take admission in nursing college for which she needed fees of Rs 11000 but when her father shown inability to pay fees she planned to commit chain snatching for the money\".Neelam came to Kalyan by train and targeted her victim, Yogita Khade (27), outside the police station. Before she could flee, a patrolling police team chased her and caught her near Rukminibai hospital. They recovered the snatched chain worth Rs 40,000. \"She is in judicial custody,\" said senior inspector Bharat Nimbalkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014763", "title": "Moore's daughters want no contact with mum", "text": "Demi Moore's daughters are reportedly considering getting a restraining order against their mother to stop her from trying to contact them.According to Radar Online, Moore has been begging her children to speak to her, but they have refused.\"Rumer, Scout and Tallulah are seriously considering taking out a restraining order against Demi to stop her from contacting them,\" Fox News quoted a source as telling the website.\"They made it clear to her weeks ago that they do not want to talk to her right now but she is still trying to contact them.\"Demi has been calling them incessantly and emailing them, leaving them tearful messages and begging them to call her and the girls are sick of it. It is a really drastic measure and not something they are considering lightly but they just feel like they want some peace and quiet,\" the source said.Moore has gone back to work and is trying to \"hold herself together,\" but is facing \"a really tough time\" following her recent stint in rehab, her divorce and her daughters refusing to speak to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011026", "title": "Radiologists seek court's help over 'illogical' restrictions", "text": "NAGPUR: Radiologists from the region have approached the High Court against some restrictions put on them by the government on Monday. Last week, the central radiologists body had approached the Delhi High Court seeking to quash central government order restricting the number of clinics they can visit to two. Earlier, the Jaipur High Court and Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court have also been approached by the local radiologist associations.The order that came into effect from July 1 also increased the registration fee of ultrasound machines and made it mandatory to inform the authorities about change in the place of machine or those using it 30 days in advance. The order was based on suggestions made by the central advisory board that regulates provisions of Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostics Techniques (PCPNDT) Act in January. Nagpur Municipal Corporation is one of the first to begin implementing these orders in April. However, Vidarbha Indian Radiological and Imaging Association (VIRIA) had moved court against these directives.Dr Kajal Mitra, president of VIRIA, had told TOI, \"NMC had sent us notices that we could only provide our services at three centres back in April. This was infringing on our fundamental right of practising our profession. That is why we moved the court against this order. We sought the help of court and won the case too.\"\"The intention of the government is good but their efforts are misdirected. Sonography of pregnant women forms only 2% of our practice while most patients we serve suffer from critical illnesses like cardiac problems,\" said Padmashree Dr Harsh Mahajan, National President of Indian Radiological and Imaging Association.\"There is a relative lack ultrasound of machines and trained users in our country. This makes it necessary for us to provide our services at many places at the same time. Many centres do not have a permanent radiologist on their board,\" said Dr Mahajan. Only 10-15% machines are owned by radiologists while most are with other registered medical practitioners, he said reasoning why the move was a narrow minded one.Former president of IRIA and professor and head of radio-diagnosis at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) Dr Kishor Taori believed that the situation had become chaotic because of the kneejerk reaction of the authorities. \"Before they saw the census figures, government had nothing against our services. Just to show that they are taking steps to curb female foeticide, they are taking decisions that have no relevance or logic,\" he said.DOCS ARE AGAINSTRestricting the places a radiologist can visit to two hospitals or clinicsIncreasing the registration fee for owning an ultrasound machine ten times from Rs 3,000 to Rs 25,000 for individuals and Rs 35,000 for institutionsProviding information about change in the place of the machine or those using it 30 days in advance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014010", "title": "UKUP release advanced to July 27", "text": "In a sudden development, the release date of Manchu Manoj and Nandamuri Balakrishna-starrer \" Uu Koduthara Ulikki Padutara\" has been advance to July 27 from August 2. Official sources Manchu Entertainments has taken this decision to avoid direct clash with mass maharaja Ravi Teja-starrer Devudu Chesina Manushulu, which is slated for release on August 3. Also, the gap of one week ensures that both films get good openings in the fist week of release.The trailers of the UKUP had generated great curiosity and film has been constantly in the news for its high budget, huge sets and stunning visual effects. Deeksha Seth is playing the female lead in this action entertainer, which also has Sonu Sood and Sai Kumar in important roles. Sekhar Raja has directed the film while Bobo Sashi has composed the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011195", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation efforts fall short in ban on thin plastic bags", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has consistently acted against use of banned plastic carry bags and seized 4,000kg plastic below 50 micron thickness in last four years. However, the banned plastic bags are still used rampantly in the city, creating problems like blocking smooth flow of water in storm water drains and nullahs.Roads in many parts of the city were water logged after even mild rains recently. One of the major reasons is accumulation of plastic waste at the opening of storm water drains and in nullahs. Busy roads like West High Court road and Central Avenue too are affected by this problem.Besides, plastic waste in huge quantity is visible in almost all big nullahs, and the Nag and Pili rivers. The plastic waste is not only creating obstacles in the smooth flow of water but also causing foul smell and encourages breeding of mosquitoes. The problems arise since the plastic waste remains struck in the same place for a long time as it is non-biodegradable.To put an end to the plastic menace, the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) had placed a ban on use of plastic carry bags thinner than 20 micron and directed civic bodies to enforce the ban in 2005. Later, norms were revised and carry bags thinner than 50 micron were banned. In another initiative, a ban was also placed on selling gutkhas and such products in plastic sachets in 2011. However, the problem does not seem to go away.Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir told TOI 3,956.31kg plastic bags were seized between August 2008 and June 2012. \"Fine of Rs26.95 lakh was also recovered from shopkeepers using banned plastic carry bags. The big shops have slowly stopped usage of banned plastic carry bags. But hawkers, vegetable and fruit vendors and small shopkeepers are still using the banned plastic. The drive has been expedited in last two years. Some 1,337kg plastic was seized this year. The drive is carried out throughout the year, and a report is sent every quarter to the state government,\" he said.Ganvir further said that cooperation from citizens is also very important in this drive. \"NMC is collecting garbage door-to-door and shop-to-shop every day. Still, plastic is thrown in open spaces, nullahs and rivers. Safe collection of plastic waste can also ease problems,\" he said.Sources told TOI that the raids have little effect on vendors and customers due to lack of stringent action. \"NMC may slap a fine of Rs5,000 on first-time offenders and Rs10,000 on repeaters. Even, an imprisonment of three months and fine of Rs25,000 may be imposed if the guilty repeats the act for the third time. But NMC has not taken any action beyond fining traders Rs5,000,\" said sources.However, Ganvir assured to initiate strict steps in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012127", "title": "Birds turn to polluted rivers as fresh water bodies dry up", "text": "PUNE: There has been a significant rise in the number of resident birds turning to the polluted waters of the Mula and Mutha rivers in search of food and habitat since fresh water bodies around the city are drying due to scanty rainfall. What has worried ornithologists and bird watchers is that these birds are increasingly feeding on a fish species called tilapia, which accumulates heavy metals and other pollutants in its tissues, and may, therefore, be toxic.They said that consuming this fish can be harmful for these birds, which also include the threatened species of painted storks. Experts said that if prolonged, this phenomenon can lead to biomagnification, which is concentration and wider dissemination of a pollutant from one link in a food chain to another.Satish Pande, ornithologist and founder-president of Ela Foundation, an NGO devoted to nature education and conservation, said, \"There has been an increase in the number of birds such as the painted storks, grey herons, Glossy Ibis, White Ibis and a few Egret species on the Mula-Mutha rivers. Painted storks are resident birds, and so are grey herons, which come to heronries around Pune for breeding from Januray till May. After their young ones fledge, they look for food on water bodies that are adjacent to their breeding areas.\"Pande added that the recent drought-like situation and the one-and-a-half-month break in monsoon rainfall has caused most of the traditional water bodies, in the form of percolation tanks, water reservoirs and irrigation bunds, to dry up. \"These birds are, therefore, looking for alternative habitats with food and are now turning to Mula-Mutha, which are polluted with drainage and industrial effluents. Mula and Mutha are primarily dominated by Tilapia, a pollution-hardy species,\" he added.Pande said that usually these birds avoid the Mula-Mutha on account of human disturbances here, restricting themselves to fresh water bodies which are relatively pollution-free. \"However, there seems to be an approximate increase of 80% in the number of these birds over Mula-Mutha of late. The situation is worrisome as the birds are feeding on Tilapia, which has a lot of polluted matter in its body. This may eventually lead to biomagnification, which refers to polluted substances entering fish via rivers and further into the birds by way of fish; so on and so forth,\" said Pande.\"If the amount of pollutants in the fish is huge, then it can cause the birds to die or even affect their breeding processes causing the egg shells to break prematurely, among other things,\" said Pande.Neelesh Dahanukar, an Indian Institute of Science Education and Research ( IISER) fellow, said, \"Tilapia can survive in polluted waters, while studies have shown that heavy metals such as lead, zinc, copper among others, present in a polluted water body enter the fish's tissues. Higher organisms eating the fish will therefore have these metals accumulated in their body. This process is referred to as biomagnifications. The metals' accumulation in higher organisms will be even more as they would be eating the fish in larger quantities.\"Anand Padhye, associate professor of Zoology, Garware college, said, \"Mula and Pavana are polluted with industrial effluents, while Mutha has sewage waste. Normally, these birds feed on fish in fresh water bodies in the outskirts. But, the delay in rainfall and the consequent drying up of water bodies has pushed these birds towards the Mula-Mutha, whose fish could survive in such polluted conditions. Consumption of Tilapia can thus prove to be harmful to these birds.\" Padhye estimated an approximate increase of 50% in fresh-water birds over Mula-Mutha of late.Hemant Ghate, head of the Zoology department at Modern College, said that though he has not studied the phenomenon, it is quite likely that birds are moving towards the polluted Mula-Mutha for food in face of drying water bodies.\"Decreasing water levels in the rivers lead to an increase in the pollutants' concentration. The rains usually help in washing off the organic matter and pollutants from the rivers. Scanty rainfall leads to an increase in the concentration of the organic matter in the river, eating up all the oxygen. Furthermore, if the Tilapia in these water bodies have high amounts of toxic matter, then the birds consuming such fish can even die,\" said Ghate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012089", "title": "22,000 sq ft of unauthorised constructions razed in Warje", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Monday razed over 22,000 sq ft of illegal constructions in Warje area. The action was carried out by the building department in association with the anti-encroachment and police departments.\"The action started in the morning and continued till late evening,\" said Vivek Kharwadkar, additional city engineer.Kharwadkar said that five buildings, which were built in the biodiversity park (BDP) area were demolished. The constructions included three and five-storied buildings. Some the buildings were under construction while some were completed.The PMC has undertaken a massive drive to demolish illegal constructions in different parts of the city. The drive was carried out with the help of 14 ward offices. The civic body has served notices to 1,200 constructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15011764", "title": "Bharathiar University to provide courses in space science soon", "text": "COIMBATORE: After the week-long space festival, officials at the Bharathiar University are now planning to introduce courses in space science. According to the vice-chancellor C Swaminathan this would be one of the innovative curses offered by the university.The university is consulting various scientific agencies, including BrahMos, before finalising the courses. \"We are discussing the matter with senior officials of BrahMos. The university would be the only place in the country where such a course is conducted,\" he said.P Kolandaivel, head of the department of physics at the university said the university is planning to conduct a post graduate course on space and atmospheric sciences. Usually space and atmospheric studies are taught in research levels.\"This may be one of the few places for students to study on these subjects. If things go as planned, we hope to start the course in the next academic year,\" he says,Instead of entirely focusing on space sciences, we are planning to include areas on atmospheric sciences. There is an area under the space which needs more studies and research. Students will have plenty of opportunities to study and explore about the subject, Kolandaivel said. Though there are courses on astronomy, astrophysics, the proposed course will be an innovative course, he said.According to Swaminathan, the university is planning to begin a centre of excellence in collaboration with BrahMos. He said as the collaborative research projects with DRDO (Defence Research and Development Organisation) have completed first phase and entered the second phase now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010573", "title": "A la carte: King\u2019s banquet has different menus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The king of the jungle has changed his menu! Eating habits of Asiatic lions in Gir and its periphery has seen a remarkable change. Over the last five decades, lions have increasingly started to feast on wild animals instead of livestock.A study by foreign researcher Paul Joslin in the late 1960s had revealed that about 75% lions were dependent on livestock, including cattle, while only 25% hunted wild animals down.The ratio has reversed today, according to an ongoing study by Gujarat's forest department. \"Today, about 80% lions have wild animals in their main diet and only 20% feast on cattle,\" said deputy conservator of forests Sandeep Kumar.Even outside the protected sanctuary area, less than 50% of intake is livestock. In coastal areas like Bhavnagar, 63% of lions' diet is blue bull or neelgais - a major reason why local farmers accept lions as their neighbour because blue bulls damage their crops.A fast-growing prey base and human population, mainly maldharis, moving out of jungles are the main reasons for the reversal in the trend. The phenomenon is reflected in the number of cattle heads killed by lions inside the sanctuary - from 700-800 in 1970s to just about 200 today.\"The study corroborates the findings of Meena Venktraman, who did her PhD in 2008 on Asiatic lions. The study revealed that 81% of lions in the sanctuary area depend on wild animal for their food while the rest depend on livestock,\" said Kumar.Experts like Dr H S Singh, additional chief principal conservator of forests, too agree.Usually, such studies are done by scat analysis after studying faeces of animals to identify the kind of animal and its diet.In Gir west, chitals account for 46% of lions' diet followed by cattle (18%), sambhar (17%) and blue bull (13%). Contrary to this, in the eastern areas, towards Amreli and Bhavnagar, blue bull is the king's favourite diet - nearly 30% - followed closely by cattle which accounts for 28%.Buffet time for the Big CatsIn Devaliya, foresters have seen a human side to the lions. Much like us, the big cats also seem to prefer varied diets.A lioness and her three cubs in the area have a special liking for male neelgai. This mini-pride has an impeccable record in hunting stout, male neelgai. Nothing else will satisfy them!An ongoing study by the forest officials and deputy conservator of forest Sandeep Kumar reveals that while some prides prefer to feast on a variety of prey, there are many others that prefer hunting for specific animals. Like this group of Devaliya, there was another group of 13-14 lions in Vekharia in Bhavnagar who preferred only neelgai as their food.He said the kill pattern of the lions depended on various factors including the size of the pride, the climate, the availability of the prey and the size of their groups found in the area among others.Kumar said that if the group was big, it would love to have a huge buffalo or a neelgai as its food. But if the group was a small it would kill a chital or sambhar.He noted that the diet even changed with the season. In winters, the killing of chital for food was 54 per cent, while this reduced to 38 per cent in summer. In monsoon, about 26 per cent of the cattle were killed for food, but during winter it was reduced to 13.5 per cent.Kumar said that during the monsoon, the sambhar would shift to areas with higher altitudes and hence they would be killed more by leopards \u2014 which stay in these higher altitude areas. Lions are not found on very high altitude areas. However, chital killing by lions increased in these seasons, as the chital always stays in flat lands and are an easy target for the big cats. He observed that during monsoon, the killing of cattle also increases. Many farmers leave their cattle alone who stray into the forest area and become prey to lions.Officials said that the even the movement of the group and their size also play a major role into accounting for the lion diet. In Gir area, one can find large group of chital during winter and hence they fall easy prey to lion. But during summer and monsoon when the group size of chital reduces, the killing of these animals also decreases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "15012738", "title": "Minor fire at Tuticorin thermal power plant", "text": "TUTICORIN: In the second such incident during this month alone, a fire was reported at the Tuticorin thermal power plant, though officials claimed that it was not a major incident. The officials also said that the fire was put out within an hour and did not cause any damage to the power production.Sources said that the fire occurred in the connecting conveyer belts units 50 and 50 A at around 4.30am. The fire occurred in the connecting conveyer belts between the primary and secondary crusher units. Fire tenders at the thermal station were alerted and two out of three units stationed there rushed to the spot and put out the fire after 50 minutes of struggle.District fire officer, E Balasubramanian said that they managed to save property worth Rs 20 lakh due to their quick action and the friction in the conveyer belts was said to be the reason for the fire. \"The cables and motors in the conveyer belts were damaged though the fire had not caused any major damage to the units,\" he said.On July 3, the primary crusher unit and the conveyer belts were damaged in a relatively larger fire. Fire tenders said that the continuous use of the conveyer belts seems to be causing the friction triggering the fire and the sprinkler methods are not useful in relatively lengthy conveyer belt system.Official sources from the thermal power plant said that the production will not be hit as they have stocked 1.5 lakh tonnes of coal in the yard to fuel the power plants. \"It was a minor fire and only a portion of the connecting conveyers has been damaged. The primary crusher and conveyer, which were damaged during the earlier fire have been restored and are functioning normally,\" an official said.Informed sources from the power plant said that the water scarcity in the plant is affecting the wetting mechanism. The foreign coal with high calorific value is prone to fire accidents though the water wetting system is in place, the acute water scarcity is affecting the system, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15012710", "title": "3 months on, AI passenger seeks help as luggage remains untraced", "text": "Mysore: Vinay Vishwanath is still lamenting for boarding an Air India flight, which has left him in the lurch. Vishwanath, a resident of Mysore and a PhD holder from BOKU university, Vienna, travelled in Air India operated flight (Airline code: J8175) from Vienna-Frankfurt-Delhi-Bangalore on April 28.He arrived in Bangalore on April 29 but to his dismay one of his bags, which contained valuable documents -- his original academic certificates from high school to PhD, driving license and bank cards - went missing.The missing baggage bears tag no: OS633704, said Vishwanath. Even after registering many complaints with the Air India officials, he claimed, his efforts have proved futile and the bag remains untraced. \"The luggage contains vital documents and I am running pillar-to-post to trace it. I have addressed my complaints to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA) regarding the mishandling but nothing has happened,\" he said. Vishwanath has moved to New Delhi to file an FIR in this regard and the delay has caused mental anxiety for which he is undergoing a treatment, he said. \"It is been almost three months. My future depends on that missing baggage and Air India should help me find it as soon as possible,\" he appealed. When contacted, area manager, Air India, Bangalore D Murali, clarified: \"It is one of the rare cases as the bag was an oversized one and couldn't go inside the cabin. It was held back at the airport.\" He said that an officer has deployed to probe into the issue and sent to Delhi for a baggage check. It may be that the bag is somewhere without a tag. And in case it is not found, compensation would be given to the passenger as per IATA baggage regulation, he added. We have done a thorough search in Bangalore airport but could not trace the bag, Murali said. V Chandrasekhar, senior manager (corporate communications), Air India (Bangalore), told TOI: \"Since the passenger concerned was not using a bag of a size advised, the bag was not given a registration tag in the departing airport and was held back.\" \"The country manager in Frankfurt is doing his job and it will be traced in a week's time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012155", "title": "Two electrocuted in restaurant", "text": "PUNE: The manager and an employee of a restaurant at Naigaon near Kamshet died in the early hours on Monday due to electric shock.The incident took place around 4 am on Monday when Bappa Rahman Hussain (19), an employee, was washing clothes in one of the bathrooms of the restaurant.Vikas Ramnath Shanbag (32), the manager of the restaurant, heard Hussain scream and ran for help.He saw Hussain lying unconscious on the bathroom floor. As he came forward to help, Shanbag slipped and fell on Hussain.Owner of the restaurant came to know about the incident from other employees. He rushed Hussain and Shanbag to the hospital where they were declared dead on arrival.The police suspect the electric current may have passed from the wet walls of the bathroom. Hussain got electrocuted when he touched the wall.Shanbag must have felt the same shock. The police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15012207", "title": "Villagers refuse to part with land", "text": "RANCHI: Nagri villagers, fighting against the acquisition of land by the government to set up an educational hub, met the high-powered committee at Birsa Agriculture University here on Monday unequivocally declaring not to part with their land under any circumstance.The committee, formed by the government and headed by land reforms minister Mathura Prasad Mahato following the direction of the Jharkhand high court, sought the opinion of the villagers about their stand on land being acquired for the educational hub at Chaura Mauja of Nagri village in Kanke block of the district. The villagers have been protesting against the acquisition for more than four months now.Minister Mahato said the villagers told the committee that they were not ready to give their land at any cost. \"We have heard them and a report will be prepared in consonance with the concerns expressed by the villagers keeping their interests under consideration,\" he said. Asked if the government is ready to shift the educational project elsewhere, Mahato said the matter was being monitored by the judiciary and the government was duty-bound to follow the court directive in future.Over 200 villagers from Nagri and 35 from neighbouring villages came to express their views to the panel. Around 12 activists who were nominated members of the core committee on behalf of the villagers expressed their views.Tribal leader Dayamani Barla criticized the use of police force against the villagers and the government's apathy in ignoring the villagers when they were sitting on a peaceful satyagrah for more than 150 days. She placed an eight-point list that included gazette notification declaring an end to the land acquisition bid. \"Under no provision of law, land was acquired from the villagers as is being claimed by the government,\" she said accusing the government of misleading even the judiciary. Barla said the case against Nagri villagers lodged after the July 4 lathicharge incident must be waived and all the four activists be released unconditionally.Human rights activist Gladson Dungdung challenged the government claims that land was acquired almost 53 years ago by the erstwhile Bihar government. He said the provisions of the Land Acquisition Act 1894 were not followed. He also accused the judiciary of being unjust to the villagers. Prabhakar Tirkey, another tribal leader, said the illiterate villagers did not understand the intricacies of law and the government must amend its laws in case it went against the interest of the people.The villagers rejected the request of deputy commissioner V N Choubey who wanted them to form a small committee for talks and asked the district administration to identify the officials who misled the government and the judiciary by claiming that the Nagri land was acquired \"lawfully\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15012011", "title": "Karnataka HC slams govt for not appointing Lokayukta", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Monday warned the state government that it would not hesitate to tell the governor there's a breakdown of constitutional framework if it continued to remain \"recalcitrant\" on appointing a Lokayukta.After Justice Santosh Hegde retired as Lokayukta on August 2, 2011, the government appointed Justice Shivaraj Patil as his successor. Justice Patil quit on Sept. 19, 2011, following reports that he was allegedly allotted sites in violation of housing society rules. \"Can you say you don't need to appoint a Lokayukta at all? That would be most mala fide. If you are recalcitrant, then we can recommend to the governor there is a breakdown of constitutional framework in the state. If you want it, you get it. Please convey this to the government,\" the division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen told government advocate R Devdas.The bench was hearing a public interest litigation filed by HS Neelakantappa from Tarikere, Chikmagalur district, which sought the immediate appointment of a Lokayukta. The court ordered notice to the chief minister and chief secretary. It will hear the case next on July 23.When the hearing began, the bench wanted to know the current position. The advocate said the government was seeking legal opinion on an SLP pending before the apex court.\"What is the issue before the Supreme Court? As far as we know, it's about the Upa Lokayukta appointment. The issue involved is whether the opinion of Chief Justice should be given primacy or not. Does that mean you should not initiate consultation for the appointment of a Lokayukta and ignore the Karnataka Lokayukta Act?\" the bench asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15011378", "title": "'Keep Ram Sena poison out of Goa'", "text": "PANAJI: Shri Ram Sena chief Pramod Muthalik's recent statements to TOI that he will launch his Goa branch by September has evoked a barrage of angry outbursts from a cross section of society.Speaking to TOI, Konkani writer and member of Sahitya Akademi, New Delhi, Pundalik Naik said, \"We should not test the poison when we know its effects.\"\"Goa is an example of religious harmony across the world and we are capable of protecting our own culture. We don't need any self-proclaimed saviours to protect Indian culture,\" he said.Pointing out the economic implications of Muthalik's statement that his Goa outfit would deal with clubs and parties severely, BJP's Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, said this would cause irreparable harm to the tourism industry.\"Our foreign customers will think twice before coming to Goa if characters like Pramod Muthalik are allowed in Goa. They'll think, 'Who's this Muthalik', and go to his website to see what he's doing. Once they see what type (of guy) he is, they'll get scared,\" Lobo said.\"As the MLA representing Calangute which is the tourism hotspot of Goa, let me say that he'll be thrown out if he dares to come to Calangute and hold any protests here. If he comes here he will have to face the consequences. Our government will never allow him to set foot here or allow him to establish his office in Goa,\" Lobo asserted.Echoing the concern, singer and musician Sidhanath Buyao, told TOI from the US that the outfit should not be allowed to set up a unit in Goa given its record of atrocities on women in a pub in Mangalore in 2009. \"If they commit such atrocities in Goa it will create a problem for tourism and this should be avoided at all costs as Goa depends largely on tourism,\" he said.\"I think the chief minister is intelligent enough to know this and he would not want to have communal tension or any other tension of this kind during his tenure,\" he added.Educationist Prabhakar Timble told TOI that though the Shri Ram Sena has an infamous past and a criminal record, it may not be proper to impose a blanket ban based on future threats. He added, \"Ram Sena is already present in Goa in different forms and in different parts of our state is sowing the seeds of discord and eroding the roots of social harmony. An organisation with headquarters in the temple town of Ponda continuously spits communal venom and injects saline of hatred daily through its publication.\"Aami Goykar, a group of persons among the first to oppose the Sena's entry into Goa when the latter had announced its intention in June, has taken strong objection to urban development minister Francis D'Souza telling the legislative assembly, \"Let (Pramod) Muthalik come, we'll take care of him.\"\"The minister's comments only go to show the partisan, forgiving attitude adopted by his government in dealing with the right-wing elements approaching the state,\" said Anwesha Singbal of Ami Goykar. \"Despite opposition from Goans at large, the government is turning a deaf ear and is instead welcoming such organizations to set up shop in the state,\" she added.The group feels the minister's reference to the Constitution is even more shocking in the wake of activities carried out by Shri Ram Sena which are \"highly unconstitutional\".\"Shri Ram Sena has already been a part of the Hindu convention held in Ramnathi that unanimously passed a resolution demanding that India be declared a Hindu Nation. They have beaten up young couples in pubs and on Valentine's Day. We consider Ram Sena a threat to the entire country. We believe that the Constitution of India is supreme and hence non-secular organizations like Ram Sena are an obvious threat to our country,\" added Aami Goykar's Mukul Pai Raiturkar.Does the government have any concern for the safety of Goans or would it tactfully sideline this threat as altu-faltu (useless)? he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011822", "title": "Government to review auto fare structure", "text": "CHENNAI: The next time you take an autorickshaw, you will be paying by the meter. Surprised? Well, thanks to a persistent online campaign, travellers will not be left to the whims of the three-wheeler operator.Citizen activists led by city-based doctor Prahaladan Karunakaran started a campaign on Facebook on June 25 against unreasonable rates charged by the auto drivers. The campaign wanted the government to structure a fare based on fuel prices, living costs and city conditions.Karunakaran on Friday led a delegation of online activists to the city transport commissioner Prabhakar Rao's office with a petition, joined by more than 6,000 people online, demanding metered fares for autorickshaws to curb fleecing of passengers.He said the delegation was categorically assured that recommendations on auto fares will be drafted and submitted to the state government after two weeks. \"We will ask them if the recommendations are ready after two weeks,\" he said.\"We have told them that we are gathering more information about it. We will also study their proposals and based on that we will draft the recommendations,\" a senior official from the transport department said.\"They are willing to revise auto fares but did not give an answer when we asked them why the fares have not been revised for the past five years. In 2007, the minimum rate was fixed at 14 for the first two kilometers and 6 for every additional kilometer. In 2007, petroleum prices were around 49 as against 72 now,\" said Karunakaran.The online campaign will continue and a petition will be submitted to the government as soon as the recommendations are with the minister, he said. \"Chennai is the only city in India where autorickshaws are not metered,\" he noted.Karunakaran said he had asked for the introduction of a rate card along the lines of Mumbai wherein a passenger pays a little more than what it shows on the meter. The rate card is revised periodically and takes into account many variables. However, transport officials are in favour of using meters in auto as they think it will be more convenient for passengers. Karunakaran pointed out that the use of rate cards is advantageous as meters need not be recalibrated when fuel prices fluctuate.According to social activist V Americai Narayanan, who has tried to build bridges between autorickshaw operators and passengers, auto drivers work for an average of 10 to 12 hours a day and need to make around 300-400 daily to make ends meet and take care of their families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15011725", "title": "Three police stations to get new buildings", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three more police stations in the city will get permanent buildings soon and one among them will be located inside city police commissioner's office. The other two station are Peelamedu and Kuniyamuthur. The district administration has sanctioned land for building the police stations in Peelamedu and Kuniamuthur.Coimbatore city police have 15 police stations in its limits. Peelamedu, Kuniyamuthur and Rathinapuri police stations are functioning in private buildings and Race Course station is function in a district administration's building. Saibaba Colony police station is functioning in city corporation building.Kuniyamuthur police station was started in February 17, 2006 and the police are paying Rs 9,850 as monthly rent to the building owner. Saibaba Colony police station was started in April 14, 1990 and the police are paying Rs 8,552 as monthly rent to the corporation. Peelamedu police was started in 1990 and paying Rs 9,000 as rent. Now the police officials have decided to construct own building to the police stations.Recently the city police officials had approached the district collector M Karunagaran for granting free land to the police stations. The district collector has sanctioned 15 cents government land to Kuniyamuthur police station. The collector also sanctioned land in Peelamedu for the police station.\"We have planned to construct urban police station (Race course police station) inside the police commissioner's office and the station will combined with crime, law and order and traffic wings,\" said city police commissioner A K Viswanathan.The police have approached corporation officials to retain the land in Saibaba Colony to construct a new police station. But the corporation officials wanted to expand the local market which is situated next to the police station. \"We are going to approach the corporation mayor and hope we will get the land,\" said a senior police officer.The city police are going to approach the district administration to get the land for Rathinapuri police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15012691", "title": "Speakers of endangered language 'Saimar' to be feted", "text": "Mysore: Central institute of Indian languages (CIIL), which is celebrating its 44th foundation day by organizing a three-day meet on 'Cultural traditions in India' from Tuesday, will felicitate oldest members of an endangered language - Saimar. CIIL's centre for tribal and endangered languages head G Devi Prasada Sastry said a recent study has revealed that presently there are only four persons of a tribal group in Tripura who speak this language. They have identified the members of whom two persons, including Sukurthang Saimar, a septuagenarian, will be honoured, on Tuesday. In 2009, there were 25 speakers of this language but sadly the number of speakers reduced to four now, he said. He said that this would influence Kokborok, a language, widely used in Tripura. There is one family where only father can speak Saimar while his wife and 13-year-old son converse in Bengali, Sastry stated. \"This language became known while preparing a white paper on the status of dialects in Tripuar and now it is difficult to save the language. They, however, will document the language and keep it in archive,\" Sastry said. ? CIIL was established on July 17, 1969 and its main objective is to assist and coordinate the development of Indian languages to bring about the essential unity of Indian languages through scientific study and inter-linguistic research and to promote mutual enrichment of the languages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011882", "title": "Fish prices sky high in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The prices of fish in the city have soared in the last few days. The reason, say those in the trade, is the 45-day ban in Kerala and the demand from Andhra Pradesh where the ban recently ended. The entire stretch from Colachel in Kanyakumari to Kochi has seen no fishing since July 1, they say.Boat owners here said the prices had increased four-fold \u2014 the popular seer fish or vanjaram was selling at between 700 and 800 a kg. Fish-sellers said Kingfish was the most expensive at 800 a kg against 600 a kg a fortnight ago, while black pomfret was priced at 480 a kg compared to 400 a kg a fortnight ago.Some fishermen said the catch was higher when compared to last month but most of it made its way to Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.Small and medium-sized prawns, priced at 250 and 300 a kg earlier, had gone up to 350 a kg and 380 a kg. Nethili, another popular variety, was 300 a kg while shark cost 300 akg. S Natesan, a vendor at the Chintadripet Fish Market, said \"the prices may drop marginally if the catch improves in the coming days. With the ban in place in Kerala they will continue to lift stocks from here.\"A few restaurants in the city too have hiked the prices of fish dishes. Says South Indian Fishermen Welfare Association president K Bharathi: \"The catch is low and the demand high that only a few boats are lucky to get the big fish. Most of the catch is the small varieties called 'podi meen.' Even if they net a big catch of this variety, boat owners tend to lose out as fish sellers profit. This variety is also used as chicken feed in poultry farms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012428", "title": "German actress lured by the healing power of ayurveda", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It is said that after a visit to Kerala one is never the same. Ingeborg Schoener, the German television and film actress stands testimony to that.The actress was recognized by a fellow guest at Coconut Bay resort, located at Mulloor where she has checked in for an intense ayurveda treatment. The word quickly got around and eyes follow her everywhere. She is touching 77, but her grace and charm holds one captive.Schoener, who has been resort-hoping in Kerala for the past eight years, said she has been cured of intense knee pain by ayurveda treatments.\"A friend of mine, a stewardess with a foreign airline, mentioned about the place to me and I was intrigued. I've stayed at Somatheeram and Manaltheeram along the Vizhinjam coast and there is nothing like it in the world. I hear that there are plans afoot to develop this area into a port. It gives me goosebumps just thinking about it. The last time I felt so strongly about something was when the Berlin Wall was demolished. I was on a bus touring with a theatre company but I broke down when I heard the news,\" said the actress who has given lectures on ayurveda to other Germans at trade marts at the behest of her travel company. She said her hope resides on the fact that everything happens slowly in India.\"Maybe it will take many more years to build a port. But who knows how many more years I can visit this beautiful coast.\"Schoener, who seldom leaves the resort premises because she believes that could hamper the effects of the treatment, steps out only to buy a pant-suit material from a local shop at Powerhouse Road and gets them stitched at Duron, one among the leading tailors in Kerala. \"I used to pay 150 EU three years ago now I pay almost double, but that is still cheap compared to bespoke shops in Germany.\"About the bit that changed Schoener after her tryst with Kerala, she said she lives a life as prescribed by ayurveda doctors.\"I make ghee at home and I have stopped using oil to fry food. I do my yoga, drink a glass of hot water first thing in the morning and buy one-year worth of ayurvedic medicines. I have stopped allopathic treatments. I have travelled the world but I am now at a time when my voyages are inward. Thanks to ayurveda, I feel fantastic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011568", "title": "We are keeping a close watch on orphanages, say National Commission for Protection of Child Rights officials", "text": "GURGAON: Checks and balances on child care institutions (CCIs) in the state would have averted the the recent episode involving a shelter home in Rohtak.\"We are now keeping a close watch on orphanages,\" said NCPRC officials.It was only after the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) pulled up the top officials over rising sexual abuse cases last May, that the government woke up from its slumber and made it mandatory for all CCIs running in the state to get themselves registered with the respective civic administrations as per the former's recommendation. Also, officials were asked to set up a mechanism to keep tabs on all the CCIs and ensure strict action by the administration in case of any false information.In a slew of measures, the state government has also reconstituted the state advisory board of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act under the chairmanship of the women and child development minister. The board would advise the government on matters relating to the establishment and maintenance of these child welfare homes across the state.Vinod Kumar Tikoo, member, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights, said, \"The Rohtak home was registered but no inspection mechanism were in place. What were the officials doing when these incidents were taking place?\" In Gurgaon, sexual abuse cases of minors were reported from Drone Foundation and Suparaana Ka Angan orphanages in recent months. A visit to a few NGO homes revealed the Gurgaon administration's lax attitude towards keeping an eye on them.An owner of an NGO which has been functioning in the city for over a decade alleged that no one from the administration visited their home in the last so many years and it was only in June they came looking for papers and to see children are being kept.After the Rohtak incident, the administration has sprung into action. Inspections have become common. But little work is being done. The owner said NGOs were still not able to get registered and alleged that they were being harassed by officials.\"They are more interested in paper work instead focusing on children's wellbeing. The CWC officials seek details on the food and clothes they are getting, but not information on the schools to which these children are going. In the name of finding any wrongdoing, officials ask inappropriate and insensitive questions from children, the owner, who did not wish to be named, further claimed.An official from another NGO alleged that despite applying for registration thrice in a year, the NGO was yet to be registered. Each time they return the paper one pretext or the other.However, the administration officials discarded the allegations. Sunaina, programme officer, ICDS, said, \"We have been asking NGOs since 2010 to get themselves registered. And what is the harm in asking for a certain paper twice? We cannot issue a certificate until we are satisfied with their functioning. There are 12 CCIs in Gurgaon and we have sent their papers to the head office in Panchkula.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15015170", "title": "The new sensation in Bhojpuri cinema - Smrity Sinha", "text": "Smrity Sinha who is also known as the new sensation in Bhojpuri cinema is a close comeptitor in the number 1 list these days. With the films like Sajan Chale Sasural and Devra Pe Manva Dole , she has already created a huge space for herself in the heart of her audience.Currently, her hands are too full with Lal Dupatta Malmal Ka with Khesari Lal, Antim Tandav with Viraj Bhatt and Ladli with Chaila Bihari. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15011524", "title": "'Social media has brought people closer'", "text": "JAIPUR: A homeless can get a home just by sharing her story, a dog can be more famous than a human being and just one snap can make somebody famous. These may sound unimaginable, but one can turn them into reality by just getting connected socially through twitter.Twittamentary, a documentary on twitter, directed by filmmaker Tan Siok Siok, is an attempt to explore the transformative effect of social media on society. Its first screening in the country took place in Jaipur during a day-long seminar 'Talk Journalism,' inaugurated by Union minister C P Joshi at Birla Auditorium on Monday.Siok in her film shared twitter experiences of 33 people and one dog. She interviewed a wide range of twitterers, from a travel journalist turned 'twilebrity' to a homeless woman who used twitter from a public library to a prostitute who uses twitter as her personal GPS.A live example how twitter can solve the complex problems is Anne Marrie Walsh from Chicago. She was homeless and started tweeting about her hard life she faced. Her tweets led her to speak at a 140 character conference and later helped her in getting home.\"I was fascinated by how social media is changing our world and amused by the people on twitter and how they use it. Another reason to conceive this project was that everyone said that it was impossible to make such a film on twitter. That motivated me to work on this project,\" said Siok.The documentary was screened at 56 places covering three continents. Interestingly, all the screenings were at grassroots level and held mostly among the communities. Stressing on technology has brought more of a positive change. \"It is easy to make social media villain and that it can make a person isolated. The truth is it has brought people closer. It has intensified the desire to meet each other and the effect is beyond geographies\".The Twittamentary was well appreciated by audiences. \"Our aim was to tell people what twitter is all about and how it transformed the lives of millions,\" said the organizer, Avinash Kalla.In his inaugural speech, Joshi announced to launch his personal website to connect with the people from his constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15012106", "title": "Child marriages: India acts mature", "text": "NEW DELHI: Incremental change appears to be taking place in India's most backward states which have greatly reduced underage marriage over the last few years, data from the first Annual Health Survey (AHS) conducted by the census authorities indicates. The mean age at marriage is now over 18 in all eight least developed states. However, maternal and infant health is still in troubling shape.The AHS, the world's largest demographic survey, is being conducted by the office of the registrar general of India in all 284 districts of the Empowered Action Group (EAG) states \u2014 Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Bihar, Jharkhand and Odisha \u2014 and in Assam. Between them, these states have half the country's population.The key source of such health data was until recently the National Family Health Survey, which the health ministry has now discontinued. Bizarrely, the government appears to have disabled the NFHS' website and all links to NFHS reports from its websites. For the new AHS data, comparisons with the NFHS are not appropriate beyond broad trends, registrar general C Chandramouli said.The AHS data clearly shows the states that are driving India's population growth. Uttarakhand and Odisha are the only two among them with a Total Fertility Rate \u2014 average number of children born to a woman \u2014 under the 2010 national average of 2.5. UP and Bihar are the highest at 3.6 and 3.7 respectively while the rural areas of both states are close to 4.One area of significant improvement would appear to be underage marriages, if NFHS data is taken as a rough comparison. In 2005-06, two-thirds of women, aged between 18 and 29, were married before the legal age of 18, according to the NFHS. But according to the new AHS data, just one-fifth of marriages in Bihar between 2007-09 were of women under 18. In Jharkhand, the proportion would appear to have gone down from 60% to 18%. At 22%, Rajasthan has the highest proportion of women under 18 getting married.Contraceptive use remains low despite improvements. Bihar has the lowest contraceptive prevalence with just over a third of women aged 15-49 using any method of family planning. Sitapur in UP has the lowest contraceptive use of any district with just 20% of women using any method.Besides, contraception remains a slight misnomer; in all of these states, except Assam, where female sterilization is the main method of contraception, going up to 92% of all contraceptive use in Chhattisgarh, 87% in Bihar and 84% in MP.Maternal and infant health are still worrying. Less than 5% of women in UP had a full ante-natal check-up, while Chhattisgarh, the best-performing of these states, was at just 20%. Less than half of pregnant women in Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh have safe deliveries and UP, Bihar and Uttarakhand are not far better. Over 40% of new mothers in Assam, Bihar, Jharkhand and Uttarakhand did not receive a post-natal check-up within 48 hours of their deliveries. At least one in five new mothers in all nine states received no post-natal check-up at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011925", "title": "Shell out more for power in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Power consumers in Punjab will have to cough up more now. The Punjab State Electricity Regulatory Commission (PSERC) has announced about 12.08% increase in the power tariffs, across all boards, domestic as well as industrial consumption. In addition, 4 paise per unit has been imposed on account of increase in the fuel cost.The hiked rates are effective from April 1, 2012 and the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited will recover the arrears in installments.For the first time, the PSERC has introduced an additional charge of 10 paise per unit from consumers having continuous process industry as this category is not subjected to power cuts or weekly offs. However, this hike will be levied from November 1 of this year.Confusion prevails as the Punjab State Power Corporation Ltd (PSPCL) has issued inflated bills in several parts of the state showing 20% hike in tariff.When questioned how the government proposes to remedy this anomaly, PSERC chairperson Romila Dubey said, \"We will take this up with the government. Inflated bills cannot or should not be issued till the PSERC has announced the tariff order.\" Officials of PSPCL could not explain how the PSPCL has issued such bills on its own.The tariff order has exposed the burden of subsidy that the already cash-strapped Punjab government faces. The free power given to farmers and the scheduled castes costs the exchequer a staggering Rs 5,784.9 crore, which includes Rs 273 crores of arrears. Significantly, power consumption in agri sector has increased from 10,843 million units to a phenomenal 11,0003 million units. About 90% of this power is not metered in the state.Interestingly, the PSPCL's poor fiscal condition has come to the fore once again as it filed its revenue requirement showing a deficit of Rs 8,983.9 crore. The power company proposed to fill this gap by demanding 55% in the existing tariff rates of all the consumer categories. However, the commission has allowed only 12% hike, which will fill a revenue gap of Rs 1,899 crore, besides suggesting a string of measures which the PSPCL can take to reduce its revenue gap.The transmission losses of PSPCL still remain at a mind boggling high of 18%. The silver lining is that these have come down by 1% since the last year. K D Chaudhri, CMD, PSPCL, on Monday observed that PSERC has allowed reasonable tariff as compared to steep tariff hike in many other states. \"This year other states have hiked power tariff by a large margin -- Tamil Nadu (37%), Rajasthan (27%), Delhi (26%), Andhra Pradesh (20%) and Haryana (17%).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010352", "title": "AIIMS entrance test fraud: One more arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven months after the postgraduation entrance test fraud at AIIMS came to light, another doctor, who is suspected of benefiting from the scam, has been arrested. The accused, Dev Prakash, has completed MBBS from a government college in Raipur , Madhya Pradesh. The arrest comes days after the mastermind of the scam, Ravi Atri, a medical student from Palwal, was arrested by the Special Operation Squad. The total number of arrests has now gone up to 10. This is expected to be a major breakthrough for the crime branch, which is preparing a supplementary chargesheet in the case.Crime branch sources said 23-year-old Prakash had paid several lakhs to Ravi, who was active in the Indore area, so that he could use Bluetooth technology for cheating in the exams. \"He was arrested from the city on Sunday. He had been evading arrest for several months and raids were conducted in Madhya Pradesh, Haryana and UP,\" said an officer. Sources, however, said Prakash had surrendered.Cops said they were on the lookout for at least two more doctors who had benefited from the scam. \"There was a way in which the accused chose his candidates. Our team at Madhya Pradesh is establishing the links after which we might make further arrests,\" said a senior crime branch officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15011927", "title": "1 more panel to clear big housing projects", "text": "MUMBAI: All new and pending construction projects with a built-up area of more than 20,000 sq m coming up in the Mumbai metropolitan region (MMR) region will need an environment clearance from a newly-formed committee of the state environment department.A total of 554 construction projects are awaiting environment clearance in Maharashtra, which already has a state-level expert appraisal committee (SEAC). The second committee-SEAC-II-was formed this month to clear construction projects mainly in the MMR region. Maharashtra is the only state with two SEACs to clear construction projects.The SEAC-II will comprise five members, including IIT staffers, retired BMC and Mhada officials and the deputy secretary (environment).A new committee State level Expert Appraisal Committee(SEAC) (2) formed by state environment department after direction from the central government to give environment clearance for construction projects with a built-up area above 20,000 sq m only in Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) regionEarlier, central government constituted SEAC (1) for issuing environment clearance for the whole of Maharashtra.Maharashtra is the only state in the country to have two SEACs to clear construction projects.The SEAC-I was formed after the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) issued a notification in 2006, making environment clearance mandatory for construction projects with a built-up area of more than 20,000 sq m in the state.\"The MMR region has many construction projects in the pipeline and quite a few pending projects. The SEAC-II will clear these projects. It will accord environment clearance to construction projects in Thane, Raigad, Mumbai city and its suburbs,\" said state environment minister Sachin Ahir. \"This will help speed things up.\"Projects in Tardeo, Lower Parel, Parel, Matunga, BKC, Santa Cruz (E), Vile Parle, Andheri (E), Goregaon and Kurla, are awaiting green approval.Some of the factors that will be considered while appraising the construction projects are total built-up area, energy conservation measure, water requirement, rain water harvesting, green area , sewage treatment plant, solid waste management and environment management plan.There are forms 1(A) and a conceptual plan mandatory to be submitted by the builder.Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan had met Jayanthi Natarajan , minister of state (independent charge) for environment and forests in May, to propose the formation of SEAC(2). SEAC(1) comprises S Devotta (chairman) with seven other members and member secretary, government of Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011526", "title": "Registration process under close scrutiny", "text": "GURGAON: After witnessing numerous cases of child abuse emerging from orphanages located in and around Gurgaon, the district administration has finally started to act.Officials said that the district child council meetings have been made a weekly affair now. The meetings are held to monitor and assess the progress in the registration process of non-governmental organizations (NGO) and also to ensure that health and safety standards are maintained in them. Nine shelter homes have been verified and registered in Gurgaon, while applications for four more have been submitted, and is expected to be registered soon.\"We have made this a priority. Child council meetings are held every week, even though there is no mandate for it,\" said P C Meena, deputy commissioner, Gurgaon.Meena said that the weekly sessions are a good way to keep tabs on the orphanages in the city. \"There is no need for an agenda for the weekly review. It just takes place. All senior child council officers prepare a progress report of the last seven days, and present it in the meeting,\" added Meena. Inspection and enforcement teams are also doing the rounds. \"Four separate teams had come to inspect our orphanage in July,\" said an orphanage owner in old Gurgaon. She said that apart from the members of the Child Welfare Committee, officials of the CID of Gurgaon police have also made their rounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010609", "title": "'No narco test on Jagan, Vijay Sai'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The special Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court on Monday dismissed a plea by the agency seeking its permission to conduct narco-analysis tests on Jaganmohan Reddy and his auditor V Vijay Sai Reddy, both key accused in the illegal assets case involving the YSR Congress chief.Principal special judge U Durga Prasada Rao dismissed the CBI plea saying that a nod for any such tests could not be accorded in the absence of consent from the accused. The Supreme Court itself has held that such tests were illegal in the absence of consent from the accused, the judge pointed out.Both Jagan and his auditor have been maintaining that they have fully cooperated during interrogation by CBI and thus the question of them agreeing to a narco test did not arise.In a separate development, Jagan filed a petition seeking the court's permission to go to the state Assembly to exercise his franchise in the Presidential poll, on July 19. The court has posted the matter to Tuesday for a hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15011565", "title": "Ozar protests attack on Congress leader", "text": "NASHIK: A major part of Ozar town, located about 20km from Nashik city, observed a bandh on Monday to protest an attack on Maharashtra Pradesh Youth Congressgeneral secretary Sharad Aher.Aher was attacked by a mob near a hotel on Gangapur Road, after an argument broke out over what appeared to be a parking issue. The incident occurred around 10pm on Sunday.Aher was having dinner at a restaurant on Gangapur Road, when an argument broke out between him and another group, resulting in a physical scuffle between the two parties. According to the police, suspects the accused Ganesh Bankar, Ravish Jaju and a few others allegedly beat up Aher and his driver.Since both Aher and his driver were injured in the scuffle, the matter was immediately reported to the Gangapur Police.The accused Bankar and Jaju were nabbed later that night. Police said that prima facie, the scuffle appeared to have broken out over an argument on parking, but they were probing to see if there was a political motive. Meanwhile, the repercussions of the incident were felt in Ozar on Monday, with the Congress and NCP calling a bandh in the Ozar area, appealing the traders there to keep their establishments closed to protest against the attack.Aher has been admitted to a private hospital. The accused were remanded in police custody until July 18, and will be produced in court, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011145", "title": "Green revolution never improved farmers' condition: CD Mayee", "text": "NAGPUR: The green revolution increased productivity of all crops and helped developing countries like India feed their populations. However, sadly, it could never improve the farmers' economic condition, said former chairman of Agriculture Scientists Recruitment Board CD Mayee on Monday. He was delivering the Juwarkar memorial lecture at National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri).Mayee said the benefits actually percolated down more to the input industries like seed, fertilizer and pesticide industries. \"Also, though the green revolution increased the production of food grains manifold, it destroyed soil fertility to an extent that scientists are now careful while working in the direction of second green revolution to conserve all natural resources like soil, water, environment,\" he said.Mayee described the second green revolution as specifically aimed at increasing productivity without compromising on soil quality, while utilizing available land and water resources. \"The first green revolution was based on a tripod strategy of improving seed quality through genetic improvement, water availability and use of chemicals (fertilizers and pesticides). This led to depletion of soil fertility, pollution of natural resources with increase in cost of cultivation. The second revolution tripod includes sustainability and environmental safety,\" he said.The second revolution should bring additional 12 million hectare waste land into net cultivable area, enhance irrigated area to 85 million hectare from existing 60 million hectare, strengthen farmers markets and rural storages, create infrastructure, increase investment in agriculture in both private and public sector, and farm resource management. It also involves an increase of sales in seeds, fertilizers, farm mechanization, and credit flow growth rate from 25 to 40% ratio. With all these, food grain production is expected to reach 400 million tons.Mayee said area under agriculture has increased from 131.89 million hectare in 1951-52 to 172.63m ha in 1980-81, and then to 195.10m ha in 2010-11. There was also an increase in gross irrigation from 22.56m ha to 49.78m ha and 88.43m ha during the same years. The consumption of fertilizers has increased from just 0.66kg/ha in 1951-52 to 210kg/ha in 2010-11. But the contribution of agriculture to GDP has fallen from 35% to 30 and then to 15% in 2010-11. There has been an overall growth of food grains from 203.41 million tons in 2000-01 to 320 million tons in 2011-12, an annual growth of 4.21%. These figures for fruits are 152.50 million tons in 2000-01 to 300 million tons in 2011-12, which again means an annual growth of 6.36%.Earlier, Tapas Nandi, head of waste water technology division of Neeri and acting director, appraised the gathering about the contributions of Ashok Juwarkar, who died in a plane accident while on duty. Juwarkar is known for his immense contribution in converting barren mine dumps into fertile areas. He said Neeri continues to work in the area and has rejuvenated many mine dumps around the city into extremely fertile land and grown lush green trees on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15011983", "title": "'Diamond' awards for 5 achievers on basis of TOI reports", "text": "The Shanmukhananda Fine Arts &amp; Sangeetha Sabha, a Mumbai-based charitable trust, is celebrating its diamond jubilee this year. On To mark the occasion, it will confer seven 'Diamond Awards' on people \"who by dint of devotion to duty and exceptional commitment to the field of pursuit have added to the goodness reservoirs of our ancient land. Most of them have been unseen, unsung but have gone about their work, despite hardships inflicted upon them by the system\". In a letter to TOI, trust president V Shankar said five of the seven awardees have been selected on the basis of TOI reports.This year,The awards will be given out the to Bangalore's T Mahadeva, Kerala's M C Suresh, Kolkata's Manohar Aich, Assam's Jadav Payeng, Rajasthan's Nemi Bhagat Baba, E Sreedharan and Pune' Horizon (NGO) in the following categories: 'dignity to human body', 'honesty and probity', 'healthy mind, body and longevity', 'folk art', 'environment' and 'nation building'.For 30 years, Mahadeva has given a dignified burial to nearly 78,000 unclaimed bodies. ('Mahadeva will ensure you rest in peace', dated December 12, 2009 in TOI Crest by Asha Rai.)Nemi Bhagat Baba (108) plays a rare wind instrument called 'algoza'. ('The old man and his algoza', Sunday Times , October 30, 2011 by Meenakshi Sinha).Payeng took 30 years to single-handedly convert a 550-acre barren sandbar in the Brahmaputra into a green forest. ('The man who made a forest', Sunday Times, April 1, 2012 by Manimugdha S Sharma ).Aich is the world's oldest Mr Universe at 100. Even at this age, he continues to be a model of health. ('But what do you eat, Mr Aich?', Sunday Times, March 25, 2012, by Manimugdha S Sharma).Horizon, an NGO by ex-Army men, has swept minefields across the world. ('Mr Rao is all mine', Sunday Times, March 4, 2012, by Manimugdha S Sharma).The awards will be presented by former President A P J Abdul Kalam at a function to be held at Shanmukhananda Theatre in Mumbai on July 17. Each award carries a cash prize of Rs 2.5 lakh, a citation, a trophy, and a lamp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010752", "title": "4-yr-old goes missing from RML Hospital grounds", "text": "NEW DELHI: A four-year-old boy who was sleeping with his parents inside RML Hospital compound has gone missing.The victim is a resident of UP. Police said the victim's father and mother were sleeping under a tree near the general ward. The family was visiting his uncle who has been admitted to the hospital with brain TB since July 13.When the parents got up in the morning, they were shocked to find the child gone. A case of kidnapping was registered at the Mandir Marg police station.\"The child never ventured alone. I don't know why he would go to explore the area alone. We believe he was induced and later kidnapped,'' the victim's father said.Police said they are questioning the hospital guards. \"It will be too early to claim that he has targeted by a person or gang active inside the hospital premises,'' said K C Dwivedi, additional CP (New Delhi). Police said they will be looking into the CCTV footage to find out if the child had tried to enter the hospital to go to the toilet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15010748", "title": "For cheaper drug options, send SMS", "text": "MUMBAI: Some good news for consumers might be at hand. You would soon be able to find the most affordable alternative to the medicine prescribed by your doctor through an SMS-based service. The service, expected to be launched by the government in August, will be available throughout the country.Here is how it works: Once the person sends a text message of the prescribed brand of drug to a particular number from his mobile, he will receive two to three options of the same medicine, along with the price differential. Say, a patient is prescribed a popular anti-infective like Augmentin (GlaxoSmithKline). He types in Augmentin and sends the SMS to the designated number. He would get a return SMS, possibly mentioning Moxikind CV (Mankind), which is substantially cheaper. But sources said that all responses would come with a caution: please consult the doctor before popping the alternative (pill).Sometimes, the price differential between two alternatives of the same medicine is huge\u2014up to 10-15 times.\"This service would help a patient choose the cheapest alternative available,\" an industry source said.The government plans to cover at least two-thirds of the prescription market through this scheme, which would include all widely used therapies like anti-infectives, painkillers, respiratory and gastro-intestinal drugs.There would, however, be riders. The government will set in filters where options may not be available. These would include cases where the person is suffering from serious ailments, and certain lifestyle diseases like diabetes where the medicine and dose vary according to the person's physiological conditions. Also, there could be riders specifying that the alternative offered has to be from large companies with a national presence.Though consumers are price-sensitive, they may not be aware of cheaper options which exist for a particular drug. The SMS programme will arm the consumer with cheaper options.Industry sources said the contract for managing the service has been allotted to a Delhi-based firm, and the model for operating the service is being finalized.However, similar consumer initiatives of the government in the past have not met with much success. A few years ago, the government had launched a 24x7 helpline where a consumer could complain of being overcharged by a chemist. It also gave consumers information on essential medicines and their prices, besides helping them locate a cheaper generic version if an expensive, branded version had been prescribed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15012420", "title": "Man held with explosives on NH 33", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Seraikela-Kharswan police on Sunday night arrested a man for carrying 200 pieces of detonators and 50kg of ammonium nitrate on his car a during surprise checking on National Highway-33.The accused, Manoj Kumar Sinha of Patamda in the East Singhbhunm district, who was arrested from Chandil area of the district, claimed to be the owner of a stone crusher machine and was ferrying the explosives on industrial purpose. He tried to escape while seeing police but police chased and caught him.Sinha told police that he was going to Ranchi on business purpose but police suspect his intentions and arrested him. \"We are in the process of sending him to the (Seraikela subdivisional) jail,\" said Chandil police station officer in charge Arvind Kumar Singh.\"Our suspicion got strong as the accused was moving towards Ranchi which is in opposite direction of his quarry site (in Patamda) and he didn't furnish valid documents related to the explosives,\" said the Chandil police. The accused claimed he possesses mining license.Sources said Sinha's accomplice gave police the slip from the site. \"We were told that arms were being carried in the other car,\" said a police officer.Police are suspecting Sinha to be in nexus with the extremists and that he might have been ferrying explosives either to Dalma or Chilku forest cover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010620", "title": "Liquor body divide set to drive prices higher", "text": "HYDERABAD: A split in the liquor manufacturers' association is all set to cause a hike in alcohol prices as it is likely that if the splinter group within the body were to have its way, then tipplers may find themselves forced to spend at least Rs 10 more on a quarter bottle from the first week of August.While the AP Wineries &amp; Distilleries Association, the majority of whose members are manufacturers of cheaper liquors, wants as a body that the present prices continue, some defiant members - most of them makers of medium and premium brands of liquor - have formed a parallel group called the Association of Distillers, Brewers and Vintners of India which is pushing for a price rise.This breakaway faction has already given a representation to APBCL (Andhra Pradesh Beverage Corporation Ltd) seeking an enhancement of the basic prices of their products by 15%. They have proposed a hike in the range of Rs70-Rs 100 per case for medium brands like Bagpiper Whiskey, Original Choice,Haywards and Old Tavern which now cost Rs 450 per case. For the premium brands, including Mc Dowell, Royal Stag, Officer's Choice, and Mansion House Brandy, a hike of Rs 100 has been sought. Rough calculations show that for a hike of Rs 100 per case, a consumer has to pay Rs 10 more for a 180ml quarter bottle of liquor.Levies including excise duty, sales tax and trade margin stand to add up to a further Rs 19 to the price of a quarter.The price negotiations committee of APBCL on Monday started deliberations on the issue and it is learnt that the authorities are sympathetic to the hike proposal which would suggest that a price hike is imminent.\"There are indications of a price hike coming as officials are apparently convinced about the rationale behind the proposal. But there are some procedural aspects to be taken care of before a hike,\" said a source in the APBCL.APBCL has received price bid offers from distillers to supply IMFL (Indian Made Foreign Liquor, other than beer) with over 75 applicants having qualified (July 10 was the last date for filing of bids). The tenders will be finalised by this month- end and the price negotiations committee will deliberate the price tag issue at its three-day meet. On the basis of the developments at the meeting, which opened Monday, suppliers will enter into a rate contract agreement (RTA) with APBCL.While speculation is rife that a price hike is on the cards, AP Wineries &amp; Distilleries Association is crying foul citing a matter of inclusion of the cost of holograms into the basic price pending in high court. Even as the association is contemplating writing to the price negations committee on the issue, Niranjan Lal Agarwal, president of the association, warned that the matter was sub-judice.\"It is not the question of protecting the interest of a few manufacturers; one must look into the larger issue in the interest of industry and the common man. I request authorities to wait for the court order,\" Agarwal told TOI.However, APBCL sought to downplay the issue as its priority is to speed up the tendering process instead of miring it in controversy. \"Price determination is up to the price negotiations committee and reports on a likely hike at this stage would be speculative,\" said Jagadiswara Rao, managing director of APBCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15012840", "title": "Meat demand nosedives, not prices", "text": "PATNA: A number of Lord Shiva devotees wait for the month of Shrawan to come. Now that it has come, an equal number of hoteliers, restaurateurs, foodies and party animals as well as meat retailers seem to be waiting for the month to end.For, there remains a self-imposed proscription on non-veg delicacies in many Hindu households during the month; so much so that the demand of chicken, mutton and fish, according to market watchers, halves during the period. \"Shrawan is one of the most pious months of Hindu calendar during which we observe certain austerity measures which include shunning non-veg good by all our family members,\" Mohini Sharma, a housewife, said and added her family would not mind even deferring family functions if the guests insisted on non-veg menu.This religiosity hits hard the business of many. \"Most of our patrons have switched over to vegetarian food; we have cut the supplies of chicken to us by half,\" Pind Baluchi's GM Amar Kumar told TOI and added even the business and corporate houses, which ordered bulk deliveries with non-vegetarian dishes as an inherent part of the platter, were insisting on vegetarian food these days. Some of the guests coming to this revolving restaurant even ask if it had separate kitchen and chef for preparation of their vegetarian meals. \"There has also been a decrease in the footfalls in our restaurant since the Shrawan began,\" Kumar said.It's the same story at Food World on Boring Canal Road. \"The sale of all chicken items, except 'kebabs', our USP, has nosedived,\" proprietor P C Kochar said and added even egg products, like egg rolls, had few, if any, takers.While the reduction in demand by hoteliers and restaurateurs has hit the wholesalers, the retailers also rue their lot. \"I used to sell around 20kg of 'desi' chicken and at least a quintal of 'boiler' variety, which is pulpier, on any normal day; the sale hardly exceeds 10kg and 50kg for the two varieties respectively on any given day in the month of Shrawan,\" said Izrail Ahmed, who runs his shop at Boring Road crossing.Most of the shops in the fish market on Serpentine Road have their shutters down for the shopkeepers have chosen to go back to their villages and sit idle at homes during the month \"instead of doing a no-profit business\". Mohd Asif, who has stayed back, said, \"Earlier I sold 30kg of fish every day; now it's not more than 5kg.\"Mutton has also fewer takers. \"The sale has gone down by 40%, but I have not reduced the price - Rs350/kg - because it will then become a business of loss,\" said Mohd Naushad, whose Royal Meat on Bhattacharya Road has been quite popular among mutton lovers in this part of the city.Most of these retailers are waiting for the day after the Shrawan ends when the customers are back in big numbers. It's a melee-like scene throughout the day, after which, said Izrail, \"I laugh all the way to the bank\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012470", "title": "Worst monsoon in 3 years: Indian Metrological Department", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Rains seem to have deserted God's Own Country this year. This is the worst monsoon phase over a three-year period when one considers the first phase of monsoon after analyzing 40 days of average rainfall beginning June 1.With the exception of 2008, when Kerala witnessed a below normal monsoon, the state received scanty rainfall during the past five years, according to a month -to- month data comparison. The average rainfall received in the last forty days was 657.3 mm, a decrease of 285.4 mm below the normal range, said the Indian Metrological Department (IMD) in Thiruvananthapuram.Last year, the rainfall between June 1 and July 11 was 897.1 mm, an increase of 239.8 mm when compared to this year's figure. In 2010, during the same period, the state received 849.8mm, which is 192.5 mm more than this years' rainfall. Similarly in 2009, the state received 840.6 mm rainfall, an increase of 183.3 mm compared to this year data.\"We had a very weak monsoon this year. It usually picks up after a couple weeks even if it arrives late. The arrival of monsoon varies from May 25 to June 8 each year. But it usually picks up by the middle of June,\" IMD director K Santhosh told TOI. He said that the reason for the decrease in rainfall is due to the weak north- westward monsoon current. \"Due to this phenomenon, the rain clouds are not being pushed towards the Western Ghats region, so that the dense clouds get condensed into a continuous downpour,'' he said.Santhosh said the low frequency pressure that was generated in the Bay of Bengal which normally strengthens the monsoon current and thereby strengthens the rainfall in Kerala has not occurred this year.State planners said they are worried that this year because Kerala, which is already struggling to procure power, may witness a huge power deficit within a couple of months after the monsoon. \"We will be forced to begin power cuts as the state hugely depends on power generated from hydro-electric projects,'' said a state official.The state agriculture department officials said that the paddy crop yields may suffer especially in arid areas like Palakkad. \"We are already facing an agrarian crisis and the ground water levels in many panchayats have gone down drastically. Around 60% of the population depends on wells for drinking water, which in turn are fed by rainwater that seep into the soil every year. In case of a bad monsoon, wells tend to dry up,'' a senior official with the irrigation department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012291", "title": "'Crimes against women have gone up in state'", "text": "MUMBAI: Shock waves from the attack on a teenaged girl in Guwahati were felt all the way in the Maharashtra legislative council on Monday. State home minister RR Patil admitted that molestation cases against women have seen a marginal rise in the state in recent past. \"Sexual harassment cases have seen a marginal rise in several parts of Maharashtra,\" Patil said in his written reply on the floor of the upper House.Local police in Guwahati have faced flak for the alleged delay in prompt action against the persons involved in the July 9 incident which occurred on July 9. The issue was raised by senior BJP legislator Gopikisan Bajoriya during question hour in the council. Bajoriya asked if the government had taken any action to ensure the safety of women in the state and if not, what had led to the lethargic approach of the state government.In his reply, Patil assured the House that necessary steps have been taken to protect women's rights in the state and ensuring justice for victims of any such unfortunate incidents. Several recommendations made by a panel headed by retired justice Chandrashekhar Dharmadhikari have been already implemented in the state, including setting up of special helpline numbers on which crimes against women can be reported, he added. \"These toll free helpline numbers, 103 and 1091, are available for Mumbai and the rest of the state,\" he said.Among other measures, the state has already set up district committees to monitor implementation of the domestic violence (DV) Act and fast track courts to ensure speedy disposal of cases of crime against women, Patil said.The panel has already suggested amendments to sections 354 (molestation) and 509 (act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of the IPC, among other measures to fast-track cases of crime against women. The panel has recommended appointment of social workers for the rehabilitation of women and child prisoners in the state's jails and remand homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15015116", "title": "Gurudwara Sewa: Pakistan's deputy attorney general finds support in Sikh community", "text": "JALANDHAR: Pakistan's deputy attorney general Khurshid Khan is getting support from leaders of Sikh community after he has been issued notice by Bar Council of Supreme Court Pakistan for performing Sewa (volunteer service) in Darbar Shaib Amritsar - the Mecca of Sikhs - and at a few other shrines. The common refrain among these leaders is that Khan did the Sewa at personal level with a clear conscience and it did not in any case lowered the image of Pakistan or any community.Khan had performed Sewa at Darbar Sahib Amritsar, Gurudwara Bangla Sahib, at a Hindu temple in Delhi and at a Mosque also.\"Darbar Sahib epitomizes the values of humanity and has central place for Sikh community. Sain Mian Mir, a Sufi Saint, was involved in the foundation stone laying of Darbar Sahib when fifth Sikh master Guru Arjan Dev started construction of the sanctum sanctorum. It is ones personal matter and individual decision to perform Sewa at a Gurudwara or any other religious shrine and that does not reflect that prestige of the community or country to which he belongs is lowered,\" said Delhi Sikh Gurudwara Managing Committee (DSGMC) President Paramjit Singh Sarna.\"Doors of a Gurudwara are open to all irrespective of ones caste, creed, religion or race. The Bar Association of Pakistani Supreme Court should withdraw the notice immediately in the larger interests of the humanity,\" said Sarna. \"Khan also performed sewa at Gurudwara Bangla Sahib in Delhi and everybody took his gesture in a very positive way,\" he added.Shiromani Gurudwara Parbandhak Committee President Avtar Singh Makkar said that it was unfortunate that some people were raising objections to a person performing Sewa at Darbar Sahib. \"Not only Sikhism but even the architecture and traditions at Darbar Sahib spread universal values of humanity,\" Makkar said while adding \"if one has visited the place with his own conviction and feelings then why should some people feel offended with it\". \"Cleaning shoes at a Gurudwara does not reflect that the person doing it was demeaning him or herself but it was rather considered a pious act by one and all,\" he said.Radical Sikh organization Dal Khalsa has termed issuing a notice to Khurshid Khan a ridiculous act of the Bar Association of Pakistan. \"Performing sewa of cleaning shoes or serving in the Langar at a Gurudwara reflect earnestness, humility, sincerity of a person. One does it with ones clear conscience and for ones own spiritual satisfaction and why should anybody take umbrage to it,\" asked dal Khalsa spokesperson Kanwar Pal Singh. \"It is an individual decision and it does not reflect that one represents a country or a community while doing the Sewa at a place of worship. It does not cause any bad name Pakistan or the legal fraternity there. The notice issued to Khan should be withdrawn immediately as its issuing is a useless, ridiculous exercise with baseless reasons which defy logic,\" he argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010840", "title": "Connaught Place, ITO drenched, drizzle elsewhere", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central Delhi, largely areas in and around ITO and Connaught Place, witnessed a massive downpour on Monday evening even as other areas remained dry or received only a light drizzle. Met officials said this was a result of local weather activity and were not monsoon showers as the monsoon trough was still north of its normal position.\"The day had been warm and this led to local convection. Some areas experienced heavy to moderate showers because of that while most other areas remained absolutely dry. The monsoon trough is close to the Himalayan foothills where it is expected to remain for the next three days,\" said a Met official.Delhi recorded a maximum temperature of 37.8 degrees Celsius, four degrees above normal, while the minimum was 27.5 degrees Celsius, one degree above normal. Only 1mm rainfall had been recorded in 24 hours till 8.30 am on Monday.\"Between June 1 and Monday morning, Safdarjung has recorded 89mm rainfall, 75mm less than normal, while Palam has also recorded 89mm rainfall which is 97mm less than normal. The city, along with other neighbouring areas, will get only sporadic showers till Thursday due to the placement of the monsoon trough. There might be a revival of the monsoon subsequently,\" said a Met official.The monsoon has been active over sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim , east and northeast India, and is likely to continue like this for another three days.\"Rain and thundershowers are expected over a few places in the western Himalayan region and one or two places over Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, west Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat in the next few days. Delhi is expected to have a partly cloudy sky with possibility of rain and thundershowers in some areas on Tuesday. Temperatures will be around 37 and 27 degrees Celsius,\" said the Met department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15011782", "title": "Idols stolen from temple in Tirupur", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three panchaloha idols were stolen from a temple at Nadupatti on the outskirts of Tirupur city on Sunday morning. The police have formed a special team to nab the culprits.Thiruvengadamudaiya Srinivasa Perumal temple is situated at Nadupatti village about 22 km away from Tirupur city. The Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments department had taken the temple under its control three years ago and had appointed two priests T Narayanan, 56 and his brother T Srinivasan, 51 at the temple.On Saturday around 8 pm, the priests closed the temple and went home. On Sunday around 8 am, Srinivasan came to the temple and found the front door of the temple opened. He found that three Panchaloha idols were missing from the temple and alerted Uthukuli police who rushed to the spot and held inquiry with the priests and the locals.Police said, some unidentified persons jumped into the compound wall of the temple and broke open the door. They disconnect the burglary alarm wire and decamped with Srinivasa Perumal, Sridevi and Poodevi idols.According to police, the burglars had already visited the temple and had knowledge about the burglary alarm. The idols were one and half feet height each and weighing about 130 kg. The police said the idols worth around one lakh rupees.\"My brother went to temple and found that the idols were missing. The temple is 500 years old,\" said Narayanan. \"We have lifted finger prints from the crime spot and will match with the priest's. We believed three persons would have involved in the burglary and have formed a special team to nab the culprits,\" said K Palanisamy, inspector (in-charge), Uthukuli police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012314", "title": "Opposition alleges scam in tribal schools", "text": "Mumbai: The opposition on Friday claimed state functionaries were involved in a multi-crore scam involving purchase of wheat, rice, blankets, and other articles for tribal shelter schools. Bringing evidence of the lack of quality of products in the House,BJP leader Devendra Phadanvis demanded a CBI probe in this matter. Phadanvis claimed in the House rice and wheat were procured at Rs 22.50 and Rs 18.75 a kg from the Maharashtra State Cooperative Consumer Federation. Alleging that the rates were inflated, the BJP leader demanded a CBI probe.said that four state department- women and child development, school education, public health, and social justice- were supplied He said the same products were supplied under the central procurement scheme at Rs 6.40 and Rs 18.75 respectively. \"We have raised several complaints in this regard. But the concerned minister has not initiated any action as he himself is involved in the corruption,\" Phadanvis alleged.In response to the allegation, tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute said that the department used the transparent e-tendering process to award work. He conceded to have received a department report finding two officials guilty of wrongdoing in the purchase of blankets. A final report readied on action against these officials was damaged in the Mantralaya fire and is being readied again, Pachpute said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011175", "title": "BJP infighting stalls election of NIT trustee", "text": "NAGPUR: The infighting within the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) once again forced mayor Anil Sole to keep pending the proposal to nominate a corporator on the NIT's board of trustees. However, Monday's general body coopted five corporators after a long wait of four months.Nagpur Municipal Corporation general body has to elect one corporator as its representative on NIT's board of trustees. With the BJP-led ruling party having clear majority in the house, the corporator named by the BJP will be elected to the crucial post. The proposal was on the agenda of meeting held on April 30 too. Sole could not hold the election as BJP failed to decide on the name. The decision was expected by Monday and the election concluded along with cooption of five corporators. Sole again did not conduct the election and kept the proposal pending.Party sources said senior corporators and BJP leaders including four MLAs could not decide on a name. Top contenders for the post former chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi and former trustee Sudhakar Kohle were considered out of race in initial stage while former deputy mayor Ravindra alias Chhotu Bhoyar was thought of as frontrunner. Sources told TOI that corporators Narendra alias Balya Borkar, Avinash Thakre, and Ramesh Shingare also entered the race.Sole declared Prakash Totwani, Sanjay Bhonde, and Mahendra Raut from BJP-led ruling party and Vijay Barse and Tanveer Ahmed from Congress as as coopted corporators. When the proposal came up, corporators from ruling party wanted to corner officiating municipal commissioner and collector Saurabh Rao for not recommending names of Barse and Raut. Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari asked the administration reason behind the decision on Barse and Raut. \"How the experience and knowledge of a person could be certified by the administration. What a person has to do to prove their eligibility for the seat,\" he asked.Rao responded that the three persons he had recommended had submitted documents along with the application to prove their experience and knowledge of the NMC which was the top most eligibility condition. \"The remaining two had not submitted any document in this regard. The general body, however, has the powers to decide disregarding the recommendation,\" he said.After a short discussion, Sole declared all five coopted as corporators. Totwani, Bhonde and Raut thronged the Town Hall along with their supporters and celebrated their entry into the NMC house. With this, the strength of house increased from 145 to 150.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15015185", "title": "Filing of nominations for Mira-Bhayander polls begin", "text": "MUMBAI: The stage is set for the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) elections with filing of nominations beginning today.A total of 5,31,900 voters will cast their franchise in the polls to be held on August 12. Candidates will contest for the 95 seats. The election will be fought as per the panel system. As many as 670 polling booths will be set up for the polls.With the filing of nominations beginning on Tuesday, those contesting from panels one, two, 18, 19 and 22 will have to file their nomination papers at the Our Lady of Nazreth school in Bhayander (west). Candidates contesting from panels 20, 21, 23, 28 and 29 will file their nominations at Nagar Bhavan in Bhayander (west). Panels 24, 25, 26 and 27 have been allotted the Reena Mehta College in Bhayander (west).Candidates from Bhayander (east) and falling in panels three to 17 will have to travel all the way to the election office at Jangid Complex, Kanakia Nagar, Mira Road. Forms for panels 30, 32 and 47 of Mira Road will be accepted at Ramnagar Amenity Hall in Mira Road.The filing of nominations will be on till July 24. Candidates can withdraw their nominations on July 27.The MBMC has set up a poll helpline number 9225320011. Violation of the election code of conduct which is in force can also be communicated on 28171195.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012248", "title": "No water for post-'95 slums: BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has maintained that water connections cannot be given to slum dwellers residing in the city after 1995.Former Colaba corporator Vinod Shekhar had demanded that BMC should give water connections to all slum dwellers. Citing the BMC rules, the civic administration has reiterated that no new connections can be given to the slum population unless the cut-off date is revised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "circa 1988", "code": "15014388", "title": "After discovering India, Benegal eyes constitution", "text": "Circa 1988: Shyam Benegal ushered in a new wave of patriotism with his small screen adaptation of Jawaharlal Nehru's The Discovery of India. The 53-episode television series, titled Bharat Ek Khoj telecast on Doordarshan was loved by viewers and critics alike. Twenty four years later, the filmmaker has decided to take on another challenge -- to film the genesis of the Indian constitution for national television.We learnt that the mini series will also be used by educational institutions across the country and will become the definitive and comprehensive overview of the Indian constitution for global representations at political summits.Confirming the news, Benegal added, \"After Bharat Ek Khoj , I never looked back at television. But now, I feel it is time to take a clear and dispassionate look at what the Indian constitution means. It's an incredible piece of work. And we've made any amendments. It's an organic mutating document. Each generation has its imperatives. How well does the Constitution meet the demands of changing times?\"Benegal's would be a dramatised version of the constitution. \"My look at the Constitution would have actors, and very prominent ones, enacting the episodes. We need to view it dispassionately because it gives us our identity as Indians, tells us what we are meant to be as a nation,\" explained the filmmaker.Benegal may cast one of his regular actors like Rajit Kapoor as Ambedkar or he may go for a new face. \"I will cast my old actors. But also new actors. India produces actors of extraordinary talent in every generation,\" said he.Research work has already started. Atul Tiwari, Shama Zaidi and Benegal are scripting the story of the Constitution. \"I hope to complete the series in another nine months. It would be an accessible light-mooded work. Viewers are in no mood for darkness. But to escape darkness we need to detach ourselves from the crisis and see where we've gone wrong,\" Benegal concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15010690", "title": "Pay for your perfect pearlies in EMIs", "text": "BANGALORE: Meira Xavier, 19, a student with a college in Koramangala, was hesitant about smiling: her upper front teeth had gaps, which looked bad.The eldest child of her parents, Meira felt it wasn't right to ask her father to finance her smile correction treatment. Once she got a job in a call centre, she approached a dental clinic in Koramangala, which offered the treatment on easy installments.A year after starting the treatment, Meira (name changed) now flashes a perfect, dimpled smile and says: \"I always wanted to smile without hesitation, but couldn't tell my parents because they also have the responsibility of my younger sister. When I got a job about 18 months ago, I first inquired about dental treatment plans. The treatment I underwent costs about Rs 50,000, but the doctor said I could pay in installments during the course of the treatment, which lasts nine months. I was delighted, as I could afford to pay up in 4-5 installments,\" she told TOI.PAYMENT IN STAGESShe is not alone. EMIs, the saviour of the middle class, are the easiest way to pay for prolonged dental care treatment like implants, orthodontic and cosmetic dental care.Says Uday Naik, CEO, Narayana Hrudayalaya Dental Clinic: \"This system comes as an easy option for the middle class, who have too many financial responsibilities. A patient can pay 50% of the treatment cost in advance, and the rest of the amount at the end of various stages of the treatment. Our clinics in Bangalore and Kolkata get about 2,500 patients every month, and about 30%-40% undergoing long-term dental procedures prefer to pay in installments.\"Dr Anuradha Navneetham, in-charge medical director, Hosmat Dental, said that payment in easy installments is a blessing for patients who cannot afford to pay big amounts of money at a go. \"Dental implants, a necessity in old age, cost between Rs 15,000 and Rs 40,000. It can affect a family's monthly budget if one member has to undergo this treatment. So it is wise to provide the installment option, which keeps both patients and doctors happy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15010727", "title": "Sangma blames Pranab for economic woes", "text": "JAIPUR: Opposition-backed presidential candidate P A Sangma on Monday said his rival and UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee's performance as the finance minister would have a bearing on the presidential elections while blaming him for depreciating rupee, rising prices and the economic slowdown.(Ram) Jethmalani says Pranab has the list of all people who have Swiss bank accounts but he is not disclosing it. The rupee is at an all time low, the prices are at an all time high. There is an economic slowdown. Obviously, the (former) finance minister is responsible for it,\" said Sangma, who was in Jaipur for campaigning. He was reacting to a question on the increasing scams and corruption cases in the country.He described US president Barack Obama's remarks about FDI in India as a shame, saying outsiders were giving us directions on economic matters.Earlier, he met opposition leader Vasundhara Raje at her residence before accompanying her to the state BJP headquarters where he addressed the party legislators. He also met BJP rebel and MP Kirori Singh Meena, who had written to the Rajasthan's tribal MPs and MLAs seeking votes for Sangma. He even danced with the state's tribal men and women , who had gathered at Meena's residence.But the BJP got Meena's poster seeking votes for Sangma at the BJP headquarters removed before he reached there on Monday.Sangma maintained that the presidential elections have nothing to do with party lines and hoped that voting would take place on conscience. \"Pranab is not a Congress candidate; he resigned from the party for this election. So everyone has to vote according to one's conscience,\" Sangma said, seeking votes across political lines.Sangama said 18 regional parties supported him and said he was hopeful of getting votes from some tribal MLAs and MPs across political lines. Infighting and resentment within state Congress would get me votes.'' Sangma did not respond to a query on infighting in the state BJP.BJP has four Lok Sabha and five Rajya Sabha MPs from Rajasthan besides 79 legislators, including Hanuman Beniwal, who has been suspended from the party. Three independent MLAs have also extended their support to Sangma.Meena claimed that Sangma would get votes of other 12 Independent MLAs as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15012809", "title": "CRPF to set up group centre in Patna", "text": "PATNA: As part of the exercise to go in for area domination in Maoist-hit districts, the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) is going to set up a Group Centre in the state capital, which will comprise of five battalions spread over different districts.The five battalions would be strategically located at Gaya, Jamui, Rohtas, East Champaran and Patna , all Maoist-affected districts. Giving this information, DIG (CRPF) Umesh Kumar said the state government would provide four acres of land for constructing battalion headquarters in all the five districts, to be housed in four-storied buildings. The state government has in principle agreed to the CRPF's proposal.Kumar was speaking on the sidelines of the investiture ceremony held at Moinul Haq Stadium on Monday. He said the state government would construct the buildings and would also own them, but they would be used by the paramilitary force. When a battalion moves out for action in other places, the government could use its building for its own purposes. With the setting up of a Group Centre in Patna, the CRPF would have three such centres in Bihar , with its base already existing at Mokama and Muzaffarpur.Earlier, IG CRPF M K Sinha distributed DG Disc and citation to 10 CRPF personnel and Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj (in absentia as he was on leave and failed to turn up for the occasion) for their commendable job against Maoists at different places.Those who received the award are deputy commandant Shish Ram, deputy commandant Santosh Kumar, assistant commandant Navin Kumar, and sepoys A S Rana, Santosh Kumar, Deenbandhu Mishra and A L M Panchnathan. Three CRPF personnel - B P Yadav, deputy commandant Arvind Anand and assistant commandant Sanjiv Kumar Sharma - apart from Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj were not present on the occasion.IG M K Sinha said these awards encourage people to work harder and also set an example for others. He said society grows because of the good work of a few people. Moreover, the work for which CRPF personnel received awards also show high standard of operations carried out to combat Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15011990", "title": "Sharad Pawar snub widens NCP-UPA rift", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after NCP founder president Sharad Pawar boycotted UPA's crucial meeting to discuss the nomination of Hamid Ansari for the post of vice-president, it appears that the rift has widened between the NCP and the UPA.Though there was no response either from senior NCP leader and heavy industries minister Praful Patel , a trusted Pawar aide, or party spokesperson D P Tripathi , a section of senior NCP cabinet members from Maharashtra admitted that he (Pawar) was unhappy over the manner in which he had been sidelined by the UPA, particularly Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. \"Our information is that at the first cabinet meeting, after finance minister Pranab Mukherjee quit, Pawar was given a seat next to the PM, however, in the subsequent meetings, that seat was given to defence minister A K Antony. It was a different kind of humiliation and the issue will be taken up with the PM after the presidential polls,\" a senior NCP leader told TOI on Monday.In fact, he said, Pawar was deliberately sidelined when the Congress declared the candidature of Mukherjee. Then, it was expected that Pawar will be entrusted with the responsibility of negotiating with Trinamool Congress president Mamata Banerjee , Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh and leaders of smaller and regional parties. However, the responsibility was accepted either by Manmohan Singh or Sonia Gandhi, who had spoken to leaders of a section of national political parties and regional parties. \"In the past, besides Mukherjee, Pawar was also a troubleshooter, but for the presidential elections, he was completely ignored,\" he said.When high-profile former NCP leader P A Sangma declared his candidature for president's post, the Congress leadership was expecting that Pawar steps in and ensures that he withdraws from the fray. \"Despite Pawar's appeal, Sangma did not withdraw from the fray. And more shocking was the fact that Sangma's daughter, an NCP cabinet member in the UPA government, is actively campaigning for her father,\" he said.The NCP leader said, in the recent past, Pawar had taken an objection to Centre's certain moves, 'which will have an adverse impact on the economic situation'. Pawar, a former Maharashtra chief minister, had brought it to the notice of Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Manmohan Singh that the Centre's populist decisions were adversely affecting the country's economy. Further, Pawar had even criticized Manmohan Singh for his caustic remarks against UPA partners.According to a senior Congress minister, chinks began appearing after the NCP urged the PM to consult it on key appointments, particularly on governors. Then NCP's contention was that since it was among the main UPA constituents, some of its nominees should be considered for governors' posts for appointment as governor. \"The NCP had recommended names, but they were not considered. It was felt that if an NCP nominee is appointed, other UPA constituents too will press for such demands,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011013", "title": "Extortionist booked in four more cases", "text": "NAGPUR: Ravindra Devangan, the alleged extortionist who hurled a bomb in a businessman's house last week, has been named as accused in four more cases at various police stations.Devangan, produced before the court on Monday, has been remanded to police custody till July 20. Police said Devangan had threatened around 29 businessmen and builders. Around 16 of his victims had lodged complaints at various police stations. Devangan used to call up the businessmen and ask them to cough up Rs10 lakh protection money in the name of gangster Santosh Ambekar.Apart from Devangan, Ganeshpeth police had also netted his accomplice Sunil Yadav. A police team has also left for Uttar Pradesh, from where Devangan had procured the firearms and undergone training in making crude bombs.Sources in the city police claimed that after being booked for threatening and targeting the Jejani family of Ghat Road last week, Ganeshpeth police has registered fresh offence of extortion on the complaint by another businessman.Apart from Ganeshpeth, offences of extortion have been registered against Devangan at Ajni, Sitabuldi and Sonegaon police stations also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010439", "title": "Airport Metro: CM says safety should be top priority", "text": "NEW DELHI: Upset over the blame game by DMRC and Reliance Infrastructure on the suspension of Airport Metro Express line, chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Monday said safety parameters should be the top priority in operating trains on the 23-km high-speed corridor.\"There is passing of buck currently. That is why it was decided to go for an investigation by a third party. We are waiting for the report,\" Dikshit said.Noting that the Metro line linking New Delhi railway station with IGI airport is a \"pride\" of the city, Dikshit said safety parameters should be given highest priority. \"Safety and smooth running of trains is most important. There should not be any compromise on that,\" she said. The CM said the committee which is carrying out the third party inspection would soon submit its report to the urban development ministry based on which action would be taken.Services on the airport Metro were suspended from July 8 after some faults on the civil structure was detected on the corridor. While Delhi Metro has built the civil structure on the line, Reliance Infrastructure is responsible for operations and maintenance.As it appeared that the blame was being shifted to Delhi Metro, its chief Mangu Singh dashed off a letter to urban development minister Kamal Nath earlier this week apparently blaming Reliance Infrastructure for the current situation. Dikshit said she has taken up the issue with DMRC chief Mangu Singh and asked him to look into the safety issues carefully.\"I have issued instructions to DMRC,\" she said. The DMRC is a joint venture between urban development ministry and Delhi government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15012459", "title": "New AMC sadan hall to be inaugurated tomorrow", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The newly renovated sadan hall of Allahabad Municipal Corporation would be inaugurated by outgoing mayor Chowdhry Jitendra Nath Singh on July 18 at about 4:00 pm.In this connection, Chowdhry Jitendra Nath Singh also inspected the ongoing renovation work of the sadan hall on Monday.It is pertinent to mention that the sadan hall of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation has not been repaired for the last 50 years and it was the initiative of the mayor Chowdhry Jitendra Nath Singh that action was taken and steps were taken for the renovation of the hall.During the tenure of the outgoing mayor in the Allahabad Municipal Corporation, a resolution was passed in the sadan meeting that the room of the sadan has significantly deteriorated and steps should be taken for its renovation in tune with the present time.During the inspection of the sadan hall on Monday, mayor was accompanied by corporators Kusum Lata Gupta, Girdhari Singh and former corporators Harish Tripathi and Zia Obaid Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012268", "title": "High Court seeks steps taken to protect senior citizens", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday directed the state to submit steps it has undertaken to implement the special law enacted to protect and care for parents and senior citizens. Emphasizing the importance of the law, aA division bench of Justice Sharad Bobade and Justice Mridula Kadam asked the state to spell out if it had set up tribunals to hear grievances of parents and elderly persons and the procedure for filing complaints. The state has two weeks' time to file its affidavit before the court.Additional public prosecutor Aruna Pai said tribunals had been set up as per the law. The court was hearing a PIL about the state's alleged failure to properly implement the maintenance and welfare of parents and senior citizens Act, which makes children and legal heirs responsible for maintaining their elderly parents and kin. The court also heard the case of a 65-year-old woman, Jaishree Gholkar, who has allegedly been abandoned and is living alone in a Rs 50-crore bungalow on a prime piece of land in Versova.The court during the last hearing had expressed concern over Jaishree's plight, who lives in Sita Kutir located on a 604-square metre plot in Versova that is worth at over Rs 30 crore.Two of Jaishree's brothers are dead, and the other three are in the US. Jaishree's sister-in-law Savita and nephew Ashish , who appeared in court following directions from the HC, said the will didn't bequeath the property to them as alleged by the petitioners. They also offered to pay Rs 2,000 every month to cover expenses needed to take care of Jaishree. The HC directed the social services branch of the police to appoint an NGO whose members will visit Jaishree and submit a report in two weeks about her condition as well as whether she has been abandoned by her relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011182", "title": "Wetland being sold in pieces", "text": "KOLKATA: A waterbody in the East Kolkata Wetlands - a Ramsar site that the state has committed to protect - has been filled up in broad daylight and demarcated into plots that are selling for Rs 3.25 lakh per cottah.Located in Chowbagha, less than a kilometre from Collector bheri that TOI and environment activists had helped protect from land sharks in January, the 52-bigha waterbody was filled with sludge around the same time that concrete pillars and walls around Collector bheri were being torn down. In the ensuing summer, the water evaporated, leaving behind a stretch of fertile land where shrubs and bushes sprouted. There's no trace of the water. Instead, it looks like an island with water all around.When TOI visited the encroached wetland at Pirtala in Kolkata Municipal Corporation area, a 5-minute drive from Collector bheri, located next to Heritage school and college, around a dozen masons and labourers were engaged in constructing a wall around the 1,040 cottah plot.Overseeing the work, labour contractor Swapan Mondal surveyed the pristine area around and remarked how picturesque the location was. \"The promoters want to sell off the land in 3 to 7 cottah plots. Those who build houses here will be in the lap of nature,\" he said.But what was the surety that the adjoining bheris would also not be encroached upon and the wetlands replaced by a concrete jungle. \"True, there is no guaranteeing that. Dozens of waterbodies have been encroached over the past few years and land sharks have become more active than ever. Anyway, it does not concern us so long as we get to earn,\" he said. In fact, large parts of the adjoining bheris are slated to be grabbed by the land shark once they build a 24-foot-wide road to woo investors to buy those plots.Some locals, though, are distraught over the sweeping changes that have occurred in the neighbourhood and changed the very landscape. \"A nexus of realtors, politicians and local toughs are wreaking havoc. They are grabbing land with impunity and no one dares resist. Tiljala police is aware of it but will not act because it too gets a share of the pie. While they monitor each truck entering and exiting major construction sites, they turn a blind eye to tankers dumping sludge into bheris and construction of walls around them,\" said a local.Stone chips, bricks and sand were dumped on the adjoining kutcha road that meandered through bheris. \"The road, built recently by dumping rubble, will be converted into a 25-foot-wide pucca road. Though around 5 feet of the adjoining waterbody needs to be reclaimed to construct the road, that will not be a problem. Book the plot within a month because the price will be revised upwards soon,\" said Sanjay, one of the middlemen engaged in selling the plots.But is the land free of encumbrances? \"There is a minor legal issue, but it will be sorted out within a couple of months. Apart from lawyers who are working on the case, there are arrangements in place to ensure that there is no trouble for buyers,\" said the agent who is available at Yuvak Brinda Club next to Ruby General Hospital.East Kolkata Wetland Management Authority (EKWMA) chief technical officer Arijit Banerjee, who had initiated the drive to tear down the wall around Collector bheri, said he would take up the issue at the next meeting of EKWMA on July 19.\"This is shocking. There is a need for resistance from locals. Otherwise, the wetlands and the Ramsar tag will be lost. And that would be a shame for the city,\" he said. Though located in Ward 108, the KMC authorities are blissfully ignorant of the development. Sanchita Mondal, the member, mayor-in-council overseeing the KMC environment department, said she would definitely look into the matter. \"I will send a team of civic officials to the spot to take stock of the situation,\" she said.Kalyan Rudra, a member of the wetland conservation committee appointed by Calcutta high court, expressed dismay at the development. \"Silt dredged from canals are being dumped into wetlands. We have already lost all waterbodies in Kolkata. Unless we protect the East Kolkata Wetlands, the very survival of the city will be at stake,\" Rudra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15011812", "title": "With new academic session, Himachal Pradesh University students face hostel problems", "text": "SHIMLA: With new academic session starting on Monday at the Himachal Pradesh University (HPU), newcomers are facing problems due to non-availability of rooms in boys' hostels as well as hike in hostel fee in HPU. Consequently, they are forced to look out for rented accommodation near HPU campus at Summer Hill, Sangti, Boileauganj and other areas.Many students alleged that due to the indefinite closure of boys' hostels in the campus since June 14 and later on due to orders of HP high court to shut all the seven boys' hostels, admission seekers are facing problems. Owners of private accommodation around the hostels have raised rents of rooms, which are adding the burden of students, they said.In accordance with the decision of the high court, only 142 boys were granted admission in the hostels after they refilled admission forms for continuing in the hostels. Mandeep, a student said, \"With monsoon in full swing, it is difficult to walk around and look for rooms. Besides, the rent is too high for students. As a result, students are forced to take rooms on rent on sharing basis, as it does not burden a single pocket, or look for cheaper rooms far away from the campus.\"Chief warden of HPU, Kamaljeet Singh, said, \"Since admissions in HPU will go on till July 20, we have started admissions for girls in hostels from Monday. It will take some more time and a collated list from all departments will be put up only after July 20.\" Meanwhile, said students in HPU, \"Only old girl hostellers have been allotted rooms on Monday while newcomer girls as well as old and newcomer boys have not not been allotted hostel accommodation.\"A student from Una in the law department, Sujata, said, \"Varsity authorities have hiked the hostel fee and mess charges from this new academic session. As a result, we have to take rooms outside. Earlier the fee was Rs 875 per year which has been hiked to Rs 3,000 and an extra amount of Rs 4,000 has to be submitted as admission fee in the hostels.\"Nidhi Sharma, another student, said, \"The hostel messes will be operated by contractors now and Rs 1,900 will have to be paid as food charges, whether one takes food in the hostel or not. Earlier, the charges were based on the diet taken here. We have no option. Either we shell out extra money for hostel accommodation or take a room outside.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010119", "title": "Five-year wait ends: India, Pakistan to revive cricket ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wait is over. India will play a limited-overs home series against Pakistan, five years after the traditional rivals last met in a bilateral encounter. The Board of Control for Cricket in India on Monday agreed to host the series--three ODIs and two T20 games -- beginning in December-end this year.\"It was decided to resume cricketing ties with Pakistan by inviting the Pakistan team for a short series between December 26 and January 10. The modalities will be worked out shortly,\" BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale said in a press release. BCCI vice president and IPL chairman Rajeev Shukla said Delhi, Chennai and Kolkata would host the ODI matches, while Bangalore and Ahmedabad would be the venues for the T20 games. \"I have spoken to the home and external affairs ministries, and they are okay with the proposed series,\" Shukla told TOI.He said it would be treated as a home series against Pakistan and there won't be any revenue-sharing, something the Pakistan Cricket Board was insisting on. The last Indo-Pak series was played on Indian soil in 2007. Cricketing ties between the neighbours were snapped after the 26/11 attack in Mumbai in 2008. The teams have, however, met each other in the World Cup, Asia Cup and Champions Trophy.The PCB had earlier proposed a bilateral series at a neutral venue with sharing of revenue from TV rights. But the BCCI rejected the suggestion and instead agreeing to a home series keeping in mind the fact that Pakistan has constantly supported India at ICC meetings. \"We played Pakistan in 2003 after ties were snapped following the Kargil war. We are willing to do so now again, but on our terms,\" said a BCCI source.It is understood that the BCCI stands to make around Rs 210 crore (approximately Rs 42 crore per match) from TV rights during the series as the six-year deal with Star does not mention India-Pakistan matches.BCCI officials said they were keen on giving sufficient rest to the players after the Tests and T20 matches against England. However, this was the only window available in the near future for a series against Pakistan. \"The Test players will get ample rest before the following series against Australia at home,\" an official said when asked about the tight calendar getting further cramped.Sources said it was BCCI president N Srinivasan who had initiated the discussion on the proposed Indo-Pak series. He told working committee members how PCB chairman Zaka Ashraf had been pushing for one. The Indian board was waiting for the government's go-ahead, which finally came last month. It will again seek the government's nod in writing before going ahead with the series.With clearance coming for this series, there is now hope that Pakistani players will be included in the IPL auction next year.Among other decisions taken by the BCCI's working committee:* Approval to recommendations of the special committee on revision of the Ranji Trophy format, in which 27 teams will be divided into three groups of nine sides each. Top three teams each from Group A and B, and top two teams from Group C will qualify for the knockout stage.* Inter-state tournament for under-22s will be referred to as the 'A' teams' tournament* It was decided to grant amnesty to Kiran More .* India 'A' team will tour New Zealand in September-October 2012.* Chhattisgarh will be allowed to participate in the under-16 inter-state tournament (plate group).* The NKP Salve Challenger Trophy will feature the winners of the Vijay Hazare Trophy, and two teams to be picked by the senior selection committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012054", "title": "PMPML board defers decision on fare hike", "text": "PUNE: A decision on the proposal to hike PMPML bus fares was deferred by the board of directors on Monday as some of the directors suggested that the transport body should explore other sources of revenue to make up for its losses. The directors have advised that both the municipal corporations - Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad - should make a budgetary provision of Rs 150 crore from this year to improve the PMPML's (Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mandal Limited) services.Prashant Jagtap, one of the directors, said a meeting of elected office-bearers of the two municipal corporations would soon be held under the leadership of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. Several issues relating to improvement of PMPML's functioning will be taken up during the meeting. The board has decided that a meeting would be held every month wherein decisions regarding infrastructure development and procurement of buses will be taken.Jagtap has suggested that the PMPML should procure 500 buses every year and the funds for the same should be provided by the PMC and the PCMC.On the proposed fare hike of one rupee, Jagtap said the increase in the cost of diesel had put a burden of Rs 1.25 crore per month on the PMPML. However, instead of making up for the losses through fare hike, the PMPML should raise funds through other sources. It should first improve its services and, then, go for a fare hike, he added.Jagtap suggested that both the municipal corporations should waive off octroi and other taxes on buses and machinery. A meeting will be held with Ajit Pawar in Mumbai to discuss the issue, he added.In the meantime, the board on Monday decided to open CNG outlets at eight more depots. At present, CNG refilling is available at only two depots. Also, there is a proposal to allow private vehicles to refill at PMPML depots. Currently, private vehicles are allowed to refill CNG at its Narveer Tanajiwadi depot in Shivajinagar. The PMPML plans to hold a discussion with Maharashtra Natural Gas Limited to find out whether the proposal is feasible.The meeting also decided to expedite the process of transferring land, reserved for bus depots and terminals, from municipal corporations. An appellate forum has been formed in the PMPML, where employees, against whom disciplinary action has been initiated, can have their say in the case.The meeting, presided by CMD Ramchandra Joshi, was attended by Pune municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak, Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, mayors Vaishali Bankar and Mohini Lande, standing committee chairpersons Jagdish Shetty and Baburao Chandere, and CIRT director Brig (retd) Gaurav Dinshaw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15011443", "title": "Ponda woman succumbs to bite after killing snake", "text": "PONDA: Forty-six-year-old Kesar Dattaram Naik, from Fondchem Bhat-Volvoi in Ponda, died of a snake bite on Monday morning. Police said the woman could have survived if she had reached the health centre sooner.Ponda police sources said that the snake, which could be a Russel Viper, entered the house of the woman when she was alone in the morning. Her husband and children were out at work.The reptile attacked the woman between 10am and 10.30am and she immediately beat the snake to death. As she did not develope any symptoms she ignored visiting the doctor immediately. However, after some time she began to feel uneasy. She travelled to the Betki health centre by a passenger bus, carrying with her the carcass of the snake in a bag.\"By the time she reached the health centre, the poison spread in her body and she succumbed while undergoing treatment,\" Ponda police officials said. The doctor informed the matter to the police only after her death.The police said that in the doctor's opinion the delay in reaching the health centre led to her death and had she summoned an ambulance and rushed to the hospital immediately after the snake bite she would have survived.Police have handed over the body of the deceased to her family after conducting an autopsy at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and Hospital at Bambolim.The police have registered the case as an unnatural death under Section 174 of CrPC. Ponda PSI Shailesh Narvekar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15011488", "title": "Unruly revellers, garbage deface Chorla Ghat", "text": "KERI: Unruly, uncouth revellers, crossing 4,000 in number almost every weekend, and toting alcohol and very little clothing, are marring the monsoon-drenched splendour of Chorla Ghat this season.The scores of vehicles that line up the narrow mountainous pass that links Goa to Belgaum has made life a living hell for motorists using the highway; while residents of Sattari taluka's Keri village-the nearest hamlet-are also crying foul.\"There's scores of litter everywhere,\" says Keri-based Chandrakant Shinde. \"From plastic wastes like cups, bottles and bags to beer and other alcohol glass bottles, the entire beauty of this ecologically-sensitive area has been defaced,\" laments the Vivekanand Environment Awareness Brigade volunteer. Part of the ghat falls within the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary.Another local, Dashrath Morajkar, says, \"Eve-teasing, drunken fights and dancing to blasting music have become the order of the day every weekend. With Shravan fast-approaching, Wednesdays are not being spared either.\"\"It's impossible to travel to or from Belgaum via this road these days,\" he adds.With 16.5km of the thoroughfare falling under Goa's jurisdiction, on July 15, a team of over 50 local policemen and IRB personnel tried to clear a 3km-roadblock. Revellers had lined up callously across the road from the Don Maad bus stand in Keri to Anjunem dam. The team that was led by Valpoi PI Ramesh Gaonkar and PSI Tulshidas Naik took several hours to clear the blockage.Gaonkar told TOI, \"We have deployed police control vans and have instructed the police staff at Keri outpost to monitor the road.\" The task is however daunting given the sheer number of visitors.Sameer Govenkar, member of the Keri village panchayat says, \"We had initially welcomed those visiting Chorla Ghat as it helped boost the local economy of restaurants, bars etc.With over 4,000 people now coming to the ghat every weekend, our villagers are losing their peace of mind. The narrow road is crammed with vehicles.\"Narayan Parodkar, another volunteer with the Vivekanand Environment Awareness Brigade, says, \"On July 5, we submitted a memorandum to the additional principle conservator of forests to curb the chaotic conditions and to bring the garbage menace under control.\"Paresh Porob, range forest officer, Mhadei wildlife sanctuary, says, \"We are in the process of coming up with a strategy to solve the problem that is going out of hand because of unplanned eco-tourism.\"On Sunday, two tourists were seriously injured while bathing in the basin water of a waterfall in the sanctuary area. When contacted, Keri police outpost in-charge Arjun Gawas said the personnel had received information about the incident, but no case had been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15012755", "title": "A slice of Gujarati flavour in the temple city", "text": "MADURAI: The Gujarati community, who have contributed to the development of the temple city in a big way, began their journey from the Rann of Kutch to Madurai, 125 years ago and over the years, have made this town their second home.Being contractors by professions, they were instrumental in constructing many bridges and buildings in and around Madurai. What began as a professional journey, ended up with them deciding to settle in Madurai to save time on travel which took many days a century ago. Many landmarks in Madurai were constructed by Gujarati contractors, including the majestic collector's office building near the Gandhi Museum. Mavji Chauhan was the contractor of this heritage structure.Passionate about their language and script, they inaugurated the 'Shree Madura Gujarati Library' way back in 1925 so that people from their community could have access to books in their own language. Even today, the library continues to flourish with more than 5,000 books in Gujarati, frequented by the young and elderly. Among the teachers, Ranjan Bhatt is much sought after for her expertise in the language. \"Many children are sent for Gujarati language classes without fail, as they do not get an opportunity to pursue the language in schools,\" says Gujarati resident Sangeeta Desai.This clan of 'little Gujarat' in Madurai, does not discriminate among themselves in the name of caste be it Vaishnav, Brahmin, Jain or Kutchi, and also a group of about 40 to 50 Khoja Gujarati Muslims who are fluent in Gujarati and Kutchi. According to former president of the Gujarati Samaj, Chandrakant Patel, the Shri Gujarati Bandhu Samaj was formed in 1931 to help them keep in touch with their roots. It was followed by the Truthful Society, Navjivan Samaj, Gujarati School and the Gujarati Seva Samaj. All these associations came under one roof in the year 1963 when the Shree Madura Gujarati Samaj was formed. The building for this samaj was constructed in the year 1972. Today, the samaj acts as a home away from home for Gujaratis, where they can relish authentic Gujarati food, including shrikhand (sweet yogurt), dhokla and batata vada.At present, there are two organisations, namely the Shree Madura Gujarati Samaj (estd.1963) and the Gujarati Seva Samaj (estd.1976), with membership from about 225 families living here. These families are engaged in different trades ranging from textiles, educational institutions, plywood, teak &amp; timber wood, grocery, utensils, electrical goods, bicycles and even computers.Being away from their home state, the Gujaratis have made a lot of effort to ensure that the younger generation does not lose touch with their tradition, culture and language. Nearly all the festivals that are celebrated in Gujarat be it Holi, Diwali, Janmashtami or Navratri are celebrated here with much fervour and enthusiasm. Both samaj come together at various occasions of celebration or grief. For a native of Madurai, the best way to experience a north-Indian festival is to get invited to a celebration at the samaj.People from this community have contributed in a big way to the development of Madurai, one among them being Lalji Vora who was instrumental in giving Madurai its first mall, the Milan mall, about two years ago. People from the Gujarati community have thus carved an integral role in Madurai, adding colour to the multicultural hues in the city while also paving way for its development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011896", "title": "Waterlogging, a real hazard in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To steer clear of waterlogging on roads, residents should pray that Chandigarh does not receive 15 mm or more rainfall in an hour. The storm water pipelines were laid many decades ago and these have not been changed despite the increase in population , so if there is 15 mm or more rain in an hour, there is bound to be waterlogging. well if rain is below 15mm otherwise there would be waterlogging.Municipal corporation's public health department had assured cleaning of storm water lines by July 7.Superintending engineer of MC's public health department R C Diwan said that as these pipes were laid many years ago, so their diameter is less than the present needs. \"If rain is less than 15mm an hour, there'll be no waterlogging but not if it is more ,\" said Diwan.The city has a history of monsoon taking some time to gain full strength. This time too the below average monsoon has seen a deficit of 53.5% rainfall till July 16. Met director Surinder Pal said that generally in one hour more than 15 mm rain is witnessed in the city and last year too it rained more than this measure on many occasions. Councillors allege that they have already informed the officials about the areas where water-logging is generally witnessed. Councillor Harjinder Kaur said that presently storm water lines on V4 roads are being cleaned, while V6 roads have not been cleaned in her ward that comprises sectors 34, 35 and 44. Councillor Malkiat Singh said that cleaning of storm water pipes on V6 roads of Sector 41 was started on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15013973", "title": "Bi-weekly train between Secunderabad and Darbhanga to be flagged off today", "text": "NAGPUR: A bi-weekly train connecting Darbhanga in Bihar and Secunderabad in Andhra Pradesh will be flagged off on Tuesday.The regular service of the train via Gondia-Ballarshah route in Maharashtra is commencing from Darbhanga on Tuesday that from Secunderabad on July 24.The train (17007) will leave Secunderabad railway station at 10pm every Tuesday and Saturday and will arrive Darbhanga at 1pm on third day after passing through Ballarsha at 5.15am on every Wednesday and Sunday, a Central Railway release said.From Darbhanga it will start at 7am on every Tuesday and Friday and reach its final destination at 10.10pm next day. The train will cross Ballarshah at 3.30pm every Wednesday and Saturday.The 18-coach train has one AC-2 tier bogie, two AC-3 tiers, seven sleeper class coaches, six second-class compartments besides two general class coaches.The train will halt at Kazipet, Ramgundam, Manchiryal, Sirpurkagaznagar, Ballarshah, Gondia, Durg, Raipur, Bilaspur, Rourkela, Ranchi, Muri, Bokaro Steel City, Dhanbad, Chittaranjan, Madhupur, Jasidih, Jhajha, Kiul, Barauni and Samstipur, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014618", "title": "Urmila's item number in Hridaynath", "text": "Urmila Matondkar will now be contributing towards the Marathi film industry by performing an item number in the film \" Hridaynath\".The song has been choreographed by Remo D'souza. The item number was shot at Dreamz Studio recently. The actress looked ravishing and performed the song with utmost ease thus displaying her talent. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011172", "title": "Pix Transmissions Limited sells hydraulic hose business to UK firm", "text": "NAGPUR: City-based listed company Pix Transmissions Limited recently sold its hydraulic hose manufacturing business to UK's Parker Hannifin Corporation . Although the company refused to divulge the exact cost of the deal, sources in Pix said the base value of the assets, including current assets, plant and machinery, has been pegged at Rs125 crore. A premium was charged over this, though the company preferred not to disclose the amount, said a senior official here.Pix Transmissions is one of the large manufacturing units at Hingna Industrial estate, and started operations in 1996. The company has separate plants for making industrial belts and rubber mixing, apart from hydraulic hoses. With capacity to make 17 million meters of hose, Pix has a turnover of Rs71 crore in this business, which according to a source here, contributed towards 30% of its total sales. It employs 470 persons. Hoses are used in machines where pressure is exerted using liquids, which have utility in sectors like mining and construction.Before the deal was finally clinched with Parker Hannifin, another global major in this business Eaton Corporation was also in the race for the Pix plant, said a source in this company. Pix will also be supplying rubber to Parker Hannifin after it takes over the plant, the source said.Pix has said that the deal is part of its strategy to focus on belts and power transmission sectors, its core competency. The funds realized in the deal will be used by Pix in these two businesses, said a press release. Pix shares ended lower by 4.98% at Rs35, a week after the deal was finalized.Parker Hannifin calls the takeover a move to consolidate its position in India. Parker has plants in Navi Mumbai, Chennai and Hyderabad.Bob Bond, president of Parker's Fluid Connectors group, said through a press release, \"The acquisition of Pix Hose and fitting business will allow us to solidify our position in India, which is a strategically important growth market. The company offers us complementary product lines and manufacturing capacity.\"According to former VIA president Pravin Tapadia, it is a good sign in the times of recession. For Pix, it is a realization of value it has created which will ultimately benefit shareholders. Also, a multinational company investing in Nagpur is expected to invest more in technology too, leading to more wealth generation, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15010256", "title": "Pioneer students protest against marking system", "text": "INDORE: Hundreds of students staged protest at Pioneer Institute of Professional Studies on Monday alleging poor marking system and raising question on the weightage given to theory and practical marks.About 150 second semester MBA students of Pioneer Institute of Professional Studies staged a protest on the campus and alleged that though the college is an autonomous institution, it did carry approval for allotting 60 marks for theory and 40 marks for practical.However, according to university rules, theory holds 80 marks while practical has 40 marks.One of the protesting students said, \"We have scored good marks in theory but did not score well in practical. We have good attendance as well, so it is not possible that those scoring good marks in theory will fail in practical.\"However, director of the institute, PK Jain, pacified the protesters and said the management would look into what went wrong. \"We will check the documents and answer sheets and rectify the problem,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "15012100", "title": "Sudesh Sethi\u2019s tasty \u2018specials\u2019 come at no cost", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: After handing over his fire bricks business to his 44-year-old son, Sarabha Nagar resident Sudesh Sethi has been doing what his heart lies in \u2014 making savoury pickles, squashes, chutneys and a special ayurvedic 'churan' as part of his brand, 'Sethi's Special'. Despite enjoying a huge demand for his products in the country and abroad, the 70-year-old does not charge anything for them.\"I enjoy my life by spending time doing the things that I love. I do not have any commercial interest in making these things as God has been kind and I have enough money to support my family and provide them a lavish lifestyle,\" the jovial septuagenarian says. The USP of these delicacies is that they are mostly made of the vegetables, fruits and spices that Sudesh has grown over two acres in his Ayali farm. \"The products do not contain any preservatives and thus are pure, organic and good for health. I also make 'churans' of herbs and these are very useful in curing abdominal infections and problems like indigestion,\" he shares.For the dynamic entrepreneur's wife Swaran, 65, it's a proud feeling to share that Sudesh Sethi can do what even most women can't. \"And he does all of it single-handedly. Whatever help he takes is for handing over bottles and not for cutting vegetables or extracting juice. Even my friends love gorging on pickles, jams, chutneys and squashes that he makes,\" she smiles.With no plans to commercialize his 'business', Sudesh says he sends products to USA, UK and Canada. \"I do not take money and I am happy with my decision,\" he asserts politely.There is not only a big fan following of Sethi's special products, but also for the man himself. \"There was a time when Sudesh used to gift us a bottle of squash, and now we eagerly wait for the latest products all year round. They have a different taste and their purity is unmatched,\" says Harjinder Singh Bawa, the co-owner of Kipps in Sarabha Nagar market. Deepjot Singh, an advocate of Punjab and Haryana high court and a resident of New Punjab Mata Nagar, says, \"We do not buy squashes from the market... we go for Sethi's Special as they are the purest and tastiest. He himself is a very sweet person and makes everything with passion. We are ready to buy these things at any cost but he refuses to charge anything.\"For Model Town's Tirlochan Singh, Sethi's Brahmi Badam squash is unmatched. \"The 'bel sharbat' and mint squash are sumptuous and the other products are also very unique. He is a great friend and I love all the pickles and chutneys he makes,\" he smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010224", "title": "Saviour or Sonia's poodle, asks UK paper about PM Manmohan Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hailed abroad not too long ago as statesman and economic guru, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is at the receiving end of increasing harsh comment with British daily, The Independent, critiquing his tenure under a disparaging headline \"Manmohan Singh - India's saviour or Sonia's poodle?\"The report, although less widely circulated than several others in the UK, is the latest foreign publication to question Singh's legacy and his capacity to regain control of a coalition reeling under corruption scams, an unresponsive bureaucracy, bullying allies and a freeze in reforms.More damningly, The Independent refers to an unequal sharing of power between Singh and Sonia, saying \"Observers say one of Singh's problems is that he has no genuine political power. Rather, he owes his position to Sonia Gandhi...This has meant he has sometimes been unable to even control his cabinet and his failure to more quickly address actions of coalition minister, accused of defrauding the country up to $40 billion in a telecom licence scam, led him to being accused of further weakness.\"The report says Singh's reforming zeal has evaporated and slowed the country's growth while political opponents are attacking him for overseeing an administration mired in corruption and sloth. Reference points include the 5.3% growth shock of the first quarter and downgrades by rating agencies among other indicators of a slowing economy.Reacting to the report in the British daily, Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari said, \"It is unfortunate that some people misuse editorial licence. While criticism is to be taken in one's stride; what needs to be kept in mind is that criticism should not cross boundaries of decency and start bordering on the offensive and I do hope that people who are entrusted with the responsibility of handing of editorial content would definitely keep this submission in mind.\"However, BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad saw the report as a validation of his party's criticism of the PM. \"The non-performance of the Manmohan Singh government has been known for long. Now well-known journals on whose certificates the PM and Congress used to bank on are saying the same thing. The important question remains on how Sonia Gandhi can escape responsibility as she is the source of the PM's political authority.\"Like in a cover story in Time magazine recently, The Independent report suggests that time is fast running out for Singh if he wants to retrieve his legacy as the reformer who released India from the shackles of the socialist dogma with a path-breaking Budget in 1991 after the P V Narasimha Rao government took office.Taken together, the spate of adverse reports in international publications represent a souring of mood on the man, who was not so long ago hailed as the author of India's success story and savant of global economy.The Time cover with its sharp headline \"Underachiever\" had noted that the PM needs to emerge from his personal and political gloom if he is to retrieve the stalling India story. The report quoted political analysts to say Singh might yet pull off a recovery, but needed to shed his government's reluctance to move forward on reforms.Prior to the Time cover, The Economist had referred to the PM as a \"lame duck\" in a report on his meeting with Pakistani president Asif Zardari . In another report, it noted that \"Singh may not be remembered as the man who reformed India's economy, but the man who only got the job half done.\" The tone of other publications like the Financial Times has also become more questioning, wondering if Singh can actually quell disquiet over India's economic growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011623", "title": "Electric poles to be removed", "text": "GURGAON: Iron electric poles that have been installed near hospitals, schools and parks as well as interrupting wires and overhead lines will be removed by the end of September, said Haryana Power minister Ajay Singh Yadav, on Monday.The decision was taken by the minister while addressing a joint review meeting of the officers of power utilities, including DHBVN that supplies electricity to Gurgaon and other districts.During the meeting, the DHBVN officials said that the work of replacing 18,918 iron electric poles with RCC poles, changing 5739.92 kms long interrupted wires and removing 281 overhead wires was in progress. The officials said that as per the plan, 1,24,423 defective single phase meters and 32,519 defective three phase meters will also be changed in the region.On the issue of dealing with power bill defaulters, the minister directed officers of the power utilities to take strict steps to collect the outstanding bills of Rs 50,000 or more from permanent defaulter consumers. The state minister was informed that about 600 cases that have been registered by the power utilities against defaulter consumers are pending in various courts.The power utilities officials of both DHBVN and UHBVN were directed to launch a special campaign to change the defective meters of consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011879", "title": "Retail veggie rates go through the roof", "text": "CHENNAI: City residents are complaining of prices of vegetables going the roof in retail outlets, but traders at the Koyambedu wholesale market only mentioned a marginal rise.While potato sold for 32 a kg at retail units, its wholesale price was 20 a kg. Carrots were selling in wholesale at 40 a kg, up from 35 a kg last week. Beans, 20 a kg in the wholesale market, cost 35 a kg in retail. Brinjal cost 10 a kg at the Koyambedu market, while retailers sold it for 24 a kg. Ladies finger sold for 15 a kg in wholesale and 28 in retail shops, while tomatoes were 32 a kg at retail units and 22 a kg at Koyambedu.Retailers blamed the poor rainfall and an increase in fuel prices and labour charges for the nearly 60% hike in prices. \"The rise in fuel prices has increased the rate of some vegetables. But there is always a difference in wholesale and retail prices,\" said a retailer of a popular chain in Ayanavaram.Wholesale traders said prices were stable. R Soundarajan, market advisor to the wholesalers' association in Koyambedu, said \"Around 260 vehicles bought vegetables to the market on Monday, especially from Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. There was no big increase in the supply. Still there was no big rise in prices.\"Homemakers said they were fed up with the rocketing prices. \"It's difficult to survive here because of the rise in vegetable prices. Prices of some vegetables have doubled,\" said Prashanthi Natarajan of Nandanam.Others blamed the black-marketing of vegetables for the price rise. There were also complaints that some of the hoteliers have also hiked the price of meals by 5 to 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15011525", "title": "Mining exports to be audited: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Monday that the government will engage teams of chartered accountants to audit the exports of iron ore from Goa vis-a-vis the extraction of ore and other such aspects of mining for the last five-six years.Speaking in the state assembly, Parrikar said he will soon place before the House a draft policy on mining. The policy will cover all aspects of mining and regulate extraction, transportation, storage, etc.The policy will also address illegalities and issues of environmental damage. It will be open for scrutiny for 30 days and later finalized, Parrikar added.Responding to Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco's request to table Parrikar's Public Accounts Committee report which Parrikar had finalized last year as opposition leader; Parrikar, now as chief minister, said the report is the property of the House and it is the prerogative of the Speaker to table it. He however agreed to give copies of the document to MLAs if they wanted.Intervening, Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant said that though the government was getting royalty from mining, the mining-affected people of his constituency were not getting any benefits. The chief minister said that \"60% paisa\" royalty will be ploughed back for the development of the mining belt. He also said that a mechanism will be worked out for usage of the funds by involving MLAs from the mining belt but opposition MLAs could join in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014706", "title": "Favouritism threatens cultural heritage: Tarun Majumdar", "text": "Accusing the West Bengal government of favouring artistes close to the ruling Trinamool Congress , National Award winning film maker Tarun Majumdar said on Sunday such a biased attitude would threaten the state's rich cultural heritage.\"Earlier we used to get government-run studios to shoot a film or a serial. But now everything has changed. Now those who are running those studios on behalf of the government are indulging in favouritism and are asking for undue favours,\" said Majumdar.He alleged that those who are willing to shoot their films in government-run studios have to abide by diktats such as employing people close to the ruling party.\"Now we are being asked to employ people close to the ruling party in the production unit. If we abide by the diktat then only we are allowed to shoot in the government studios otherwise not. Such kinds of diktats are outrageous,\" said Majumdar, the winner of three national awards said.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012066", "title": "Bizman's son lies about MBA course, hides in Hyderabad", "text": "MUMBAI: The Oshiwara police went on a wild-goose chase after the son of a rich businessman from Gujarat went missing on Friday. Later it turned out that the youth had lied to his parents about his MBA admissions and went in hiding at his cousin's house in Hyderabad, where his family traced him on Monday.A Gujarat based rich businessman's son lied to his parents about his MBA admission before his sudden disappearance on Friday, making the Oshiwara police officers and his family members panic and launch a nationwide hunt assuming that he had been kidnapped. After two days of struggle, the family member traced the student in Hyderabad on Monday where he was living with a relative.According to the police, the 21-year-old youth wanted to study management. The youngster, who stayed in Oshiwara, told his parents that he had secured a seat in a Juhu college, while in reality, he had failed to score well in the admission test and did not get through, said the police. But taken in by his lie, the youth's father came down from their home in Gujarat to help him with the admission process, said the police. On Friday, the father wanted to accompany him to the institution but he dissuaded him from doing so, saying he was unwell, and would secure admission another day,an officer added. The same evening, he went \"out for a stroll\" and reportedly disappeared. As he did not return till next morning and his phone stayed switched off, the father approached the Oshiwara police who recorded a missing person's complaint.Senior officers also supervised the caseand kept it under wraps, considering its seriousness. Suspecting that the youth might have been kidnapped, the police checked his call records and found he was in contact with a female friend before disappearance. and found he was in contact with a female friend before his disappearance and started probing her details as well.The police was probing about her details. The police kept the issue confidential suspecting threat to the student's life.Meanwhile, the family called up their acquaintances to find out if they knew about his whereabouts; in this process , they learnt that he was at their relative's place in Hyderabad. The family informed the police about it and brought the youth back.\"The student was found in Hyderabad at his cousin's house. We have closed our investigation,\" additional commissioner of police Vishwas Nagre-Patil said. The police suspect that the youth might have been hiding from his parents as he was embarrassed about the lie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15011356", "title": "Overburdened RTO to be revamped by Authority", "text": "NOIDA: The infrastructure at the regional transport office in Sector 33 has fallen short of meeting the increase in scope of transport-related work in the city. Due to rapid increase in population, every month the average number of vehicles registered, driving licences issued and taxes paid by commercial vehicles have increased thereby putting stress on the existing infrastructure. Noida Authority recently conducted an inspection and plans are afoot to renovate the office.The old building of the regional transport department, which is an asbestos-covered brick structure located within the same premises as the office of the sub-registrar and railway reservation counter, had been built many years back. \"Due to the low level of the old plinth, waterlogging is a major problem in the monsoon months. Parking is also a problem because vehicle owners going to different offices within the same premises park their vehicles in front of the transport office,\" said a senior official of the transport department.The old building has around 12 counters which handle all types of work. With increase in population in Noida and the corresponding increase in the number of vehicles, these counters fall short of handling all applications. As per data provided by the transport department, the transport department handles an average of around 4,000 applications for driving licences every month. Around 3,500-4,000 new vehicles are registered every month apart from collection of taxes from commercial vehicles that are transferred from neighbouring states. In all, the transport department does work that generates around Rs 15 crore revenue every month. Officials say that the scope of work will go manifold if the government goes ahead with its proposal to issue smart cards for all licence holders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15011743", "title": "Apartment for armed police in Coimbatore soon", "text": "COIMBATORE: The old police quarters in Gandhipuram in the city will soon be replaced with a new apartment for armed reserve police here. Tamil Nadu Police Housing Corporation has decided to construct 160 new houses in the area and Rs 13.63 crore has been allotted for construction work. The housing corporation has decided to vacate the police family and demolish the old houses.On Monday morning, city police commissioner Viswanathan and the Tamil Nadu Police Housing Corporation officials conducted an inspection at the site.\"As many as 160 houses will be constructed under first phase. In the second phase 122 houses will be constructed,\" said city police commissioner A K Viswanathan.As many as 45 tiled houses were constructed for police personnel in 1960. It was inaugurated in March 1, 1961 and was occupied by the families of police personnel working in the city. Most of these buildings have been damaged and unsafe for living. The city police have decided to demolish the old buildings and construct new apartments.The houses are very old and most of them are damaged. We are going to construct new apartments for armed reserve police personnel, said A K Viswanathan.Most of these houses were lying vacant for many years and a few of them are still occupied. The present occupant will be shifter other places till the work on new buildings are completed. Once the construction is over armed police personnel will be shifted in the first phase.Many of these decades-old building were used by the police personnel served in the city for many years. Father of the present city police commissioner had also stayed one of these building when he was serving as sub inspector in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010796", "title": "Man wanted in Rs 48 lakh fraud arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A bullion trader accused in Rs 48 lakh cheating case was arrested by Sola police on Sunday. The trader, Sanjay Soni, had borrowed the amount from three jewelers and did not return it despite several attempts by the creditors. Naranpura police also arrested a man in connection with the same case on Monday.Mahendra Chopra, a resident of Shayona City in Ghatlodia, owns a jewellery shop at Raviraj Complex in Vadaj. Chopra told police that he came in touch with Soni through a common friend who had a shop close to his. Soni took money and gold time and again in small quantities from him since beginning of 2012. He also duly returned it in time and gaining Chopra's trust.\"In April, Soni approached Chopra and told him that he was on the cusp of a major deal and needed Rs 22 lakh. Chopra gave him the money and a cheque. In return, Soni also gave two signed cheques of Rs 11 lakh each as guarantee,\" said a Sola police official.\"When in June, Chopra went to demand his money back, Soni told him to come next month. However, when Chopra went to Soni's home at Ashriwad Society in Vadaj on July 8, Rita, Soni's wife, threatened him of dire consequences,\" the police said.\"Chopra was told that if he persisted, he would be assaulted by anti-social elements from outside the city. After the incident, Chopra tried to contact Soni repeatedly, but in vain. He then filed a complaint with Sola police,\" the police said.Soni lost money in bullion speculationAhmedabad: Another complaint against Sanjay Soni came from Mahesh Dave, a resident of Shreeji Bungalows, Sola. Dave came in touch with Soni last year, and after small dealings initially, gave him Rs 14 lakh in installments between January 17 and June 24.With the same modus operandi, cheques written by Soni got bounced due to insufficient balance in the account and when he went to Soni's residence, his wife Rita threatened him of assault and murder if he dare come back. Dave also filed a complaint with Sola police on Saturday.Vijaysinh Gohil, a resident of Ranip, accused Soni of siphoning off 700 gram of gold worth Rs 12 lakh from his shop at Manekchowk on June 6. As per his complaint, Soni neither returned the gold nor paid for it. He filed a complaint with Khadia police.\"Soni owns Nisarg Palace, a jewellery shop in Manek Chowk. He is mainly into bullion trading and used to bet on gold and silver prices. In recent times when prices of silver nosedived, Soni lost lakhs in his deals,\" said a Sola police official. \"When pressure from moneylenders increased, he got money from his friends and paid them. However, as he did not have any money left, he defaulted in all his other payments.\"Soni confessed that he had given Rs 25 lakh to Bhavesh Patel, a resident of Vadaj. On the basis of his statement, Naranpura police apprehended Patel for money laundering on Monday. Police said that Rita Soni will soon be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15012047", "title": "24x7 Mobile eye on Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: It is an obvious fact that CCTVs or close circuit television cameras have never been too precise in imaging and videos, especially when some untoward incident happens. For this, the police department has planned their new move - the mobile CCTV surveillance system. They say 8 to 10 vans carrying the wireless surveillance equipment shall be put in operation 24x7. These would even rely on infrared technology to keep check on movement of any possible suspect.Results unknown, but the plan seems to be good news for residents who hope this \"better\" surveillance system would surely keep troublemakers at an arm's length from the city. No escaping technology, they feel suspects and criminals could be caught easily. You can soon expect these vehicles humming around on roads. Cost of gadgetry per van is estimated around Rs 2.25 lakh, and an additional lakh on modifications. It is also said the project cost in Ludhiana would reach over Rs 20 lakh.Police commissioner Ishwar Singh explained that the mobile system would be wirelessly networked to control rooms using 3G data connection, which offers fast uplink and downlink.Commissioner Singh said the facility would be all internet-based, and the vehicles shall be present in various areas of the city, transferring visuals to the control rooms. \"We can act when needed. Law and order can improve.\" Locals have appreciated the setup and say it would an all-together different experience. For Rupesh Kumar, a Pakhowal Road resident: \"The already-installed CCTVs at the traffic lights cover only those areas. The mobile vans would video-record a larger area and I feel this would be useful.\" Kumar was happy that the exercise would be round-the-clock.Ravi Sharma of Ferozepur Road said the city definitely requires such a system. \"The sight of these vehicles would create fear in the minds of miscreants. Their free acts of crime would be restricted, thus lowering crime rate,\" Sharma said.The police plan for mobile surveillance was a sigh of relief for the Model Town resident, Kiranjeet Kaur. \"Snatchers have made women soft targets. With digital eyes watching over such happenings, troublemakers are sure to land behind bars. But, let's hope the police continue with their efforts to keep security enhanced,\" Kiranjeet said.Ramandeep Kaur, who is a student, feels the continuous surveillance would curb eve-teasing. A similar system is likely to be launched in Bathinda and Mohali too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011854", "title": "Bibi Jagir Kaur seeks bail to cast vote in presidential poll", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former SGPC president Bibi Jagir Kaur moved an application before the Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday seeking two days' interim bail so that she may cast her vote in the election to elect the President of India.Jagir Kaur is an MLA from Bolath constituency in Punjab and is lodged in Kapurthala jail for more than three months. Her application is expected to come up for hearing on Tuesday. Importantly, the election is slated for July 19. On March 30, a special CBI court in Patiala had convicted Bibi Jagir Kaur and three others for abduction and causing forcible abortion to Bibi's daughter Harpreet Kaur.All were sentenced after holding them guilty under sections 120B (criminal conspiracy) read with 365 (kidnapping or abducting with intent secretly and wrongfully to confine person), 313 (causing miscarriage without woman's consent) and under sections 344 (wrongful confinement) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Court had acquitted two others, Harminder and Satya Devi, from all charges.Harpreet Kaur, who had died under mysterious circumstances in April 2000, was cremated the very next day without a postmortem being conducted. Thereafter the case was handed over to CBI following judicial intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011315", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation repairs pipe, but water still stinks", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after TOI reported on the problems Elgin Road residents were facing with contaminated water flowing from corporation taps, a Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) team on Monday visited the area to take stock of the situation. After inspecting the area, officials sealed a pipeline that they believed to be the source of contaminated water. However, residents of some areas complained their problems were far from over with the taps continuing to spew dirty water.\"It seems to be a local problem. We shall visit the area again on Tuesday to examine the pipelines. In case we find a breach in KMC pipes, we shall take necessary action,\" said a civic engineer. He added that the chlorination dosage in the water supplied to the area has been increased as a safety measure.Meanwhile, residents of the area were having a tough time managing their daily chores with contaminated water running from their taps since last three days. Such an incident in one of the posh areas of the city, where a 1,000 sqft apartment costs almost a crore, has left everyone shocked. Some of the residents have even started reporting acute stomach aches, but there has been no case of serious health issues just as yet.It is learnt that locals are trying hard not to complain, though they are tired of the foul stink. The residents have to go through this hardship once in a while, but they still believe the administration will wake up from its slumber and rescue them from the ordeal soon.\"This happens some times, but when we clean the reservoir the water does not stink anymore. But this time it is too much to take. Even after cleaning the tanks, the water looks no less dirty and smells the same,\" a gate-keeper of an apartment in the area informed.Contaminated water that the corporation taps are spewing is affecting people psychologically, feels Father Shukhendu Biswas, who heads a church in the area. \"The stench is so bad that we cannot even wash our faces with it. Even while taking a bath, we are covering our faces with plastic bags. On the first day, it felt like there was too much of chemicals added to the water. The next day, there was an obnoxious stink. But now the situation has become very serious. We have developed giddiness,\" he said.Residents of the area have started buying 20-litre water jars for their use. But many feels a permanent solution is the need of the hour as buying water even for bathing or washing was turning out to be expensive.In the past, too, such a situation cropped up on a number of occasions. But the locals were happy with the KMC's prompt response every time. This time, however, they did not complain to the local councilor, as they did on earlier occasions, since the matter had already reached the concerned authorities through TOI reports. However, they wonder why the situation did not improve though the KMC officials were aware of it and repaired the fault more than once.\"There is a newborn in my adjacent house who is being given bath with packaged drinking water. It is such a bother for everyone,\" said Dipak Bose, a local.A KMC engineer has explained to the locals that a leakage in both the sewage and drinking water pipes of the area has led to the contamination. The situation, they promised, would be under control within a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010297", "title": "18 Maoist cultural wing members held in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police have picked up 18 members of Chetna Natya Manch (CNM), a Maoist cultural outfit, when they arrived in the city from Khammam on Monday. After interrogation, police arrested seven CNM members and two Andhra Pradesh Civil Liberties Committee (APCLC) leaders who came to receive them under the AP Public Security Act.According to sources, the 18-member CNM team, comprising seven men, six minor girls and five minor boys, was nabbed by the Special Intelligence Branch ( SIB) sleuths and the Afzalgunj police from platform No 53 of Mahatma Gandhi Bus Station at 6.15am on Monday.Police said the CNM team arrived in the city on the invitation of APCLC to perform cultural programmes for creating awareness among people about the recent encounter killings of civilians by anti-Maoist forces at Basaguda in Chhattisgarh.The CNM team arrived in the city after performing in the interior areas of Khammam district on Saturday and Sunday. As they reached MGBS on Monday morning in an RTC bus, APCLC members reached there to receive them. As soon as APCLC members met the CNM team, police rounded up all of them and took them into custody for interrogation.\"During interrogation, the CNM members stated that they arrived in the city to perform cultural programmes at an event to be organized by APCLC,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), East Zone, Y Gangadhar said.The arrested CNM activists were identified as Bheema Mandvi, 26, Deva Mandvi, 22, Badru Kashyap, 18, of Beejapur district in Chhattisgarh, Sodi Oonga, 24, Sodi Nagesh, 19, of Sukuma district in Chhattisgarh, Modem Ramu, 18, of Tekkanguda village in Khammam district and Shamala Karthik 21, of Mallur village in East Godavari district. Police have also arrested APCLC treasurer Dasari Hanmanth Rao of Moula Ali and APCLC secretary Nakka Narayana Rao of NGRI Colony in Uppal, who came to receive the CNM activists.All the arrested were booked under section 8 of the AP Public Security Act 1992. They were produced before a magistrate, who remanded them in judicial custody.The six minor girls and five minor boys of CNM who have also been taken into custody were sent to juvenile home and they will be handed over to the family members, Afzulgunj inspector K Manoj Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15010116", "title": "BSNL irked at Bhopal Municipal Corporation for damage to phone cables", "text": "BHOPAL: The state-owned PSU, BSNL is irked with the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) over repeated incidents of damage to optical fiber cables during earth work undertaken by the civic body that frequently paralyses phones and internet connections of users across the city.BSNL officials allege that they are not informed while earth works are carried out by the corporation in areas where the cables are laid.In a statement on Monday, BSNL said on Saturday night around 1 am at night, two cables snapped at Lalghati Crossing. One of the cables was of 400 pairs while the other was 100 pairs. This affected around 300 telephone connections in Lalghati, Vijay Nagar and Rizwan Bag. The release said that all these connections would be restored by Monday evening. The release stated that the cables were damaged owing to sewage pipeline work being carried out by Dilip Buildcon for the BMC.The release added that BSNL CGM Mahesh Shukla has held talks with BMC chief engineer Sunil Shrivastava regarding the same.Many a times, BSNL has asked the civic body to keep the officials concerned in the loop and start earthwork only once the officials are present so that they can guide the workers about the optical fibres laid in that area. But this digging was carried out without any prior information to BSNL, the release added.This has caused loss of exchequer and problems for the telephone subscribers. Besides, an 800 pair cable snapped at Misrod Road has affected about 200 connections in Sneh Nagar, Sriram Colony and Jatkhedi. These connections would be restored by Tuesday morning, the release stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011185", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation moves to cure ills at civic hospitals", "text": "NAGPUR: The six indoor hospitals run by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) are on the verge of closing down due to negligence. On Monday, the general body took cognisance of the issue following strong protests by some corporators. Mayor Anil Sole has ordered an enquiry and directed the hospital committee to inspect and submit a report on the reasons for the poor condition of hospitals and measures to improve services.The health department (medical) had submitted a proposal seeking the general body's permission to increase eight types of fees being charged at six indoor hospitals. Fees for general and specialist OPDs, dressing, emergency examination, beds, ECG, IV and X-ray were proposed to be raised.When the proposal came up for discussion, senior NCP corporator Prakash Gajbhiye complained about poor services at the Indira Gandhi Rugnalaya at LAD square. \"Hospital is open for name sake and no services are provided to patients coming from poor families. The hospital is locked in the night due to lack of doctors and nurses. Patients coming to the hospital are advised to go to other government hospitals. NMC spends crores on various projects, but is not paying attention to most emergency services. It is NMC's responsibility to provide proper medical service to citizens, especially those from slum areas,\" he said.Supporting Gajbhiye, senior Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe presented several examples to expose poor treatment to patients at NMC hospitals. \"The hospitals are just symbolic. They should be shut down before some patient loses his life by depending on such poor service,\" he said.Senior BJP corporator Jagdish Gwalbanshi joined the protest and spoke about the defunct KT Nagar Hospital, which was inaugurated by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari three years ago. \"Corporator Maya Iwnate is well aware of the fact, since the hospital was constructed under her regime,\" he said. Iwnate requested Sole to visit the hospital and initiate steps to make proper services available there.Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre demanded an explanation from the health department.Apologizing for poor medical services, health officer (medical) Dr Savita Meshram informed the house about a severe staff crunch. \"Just 66 of total sanctioned 103 doctors are on the job presently. Similarly, 62 of 188 posts of nurses are vacant. The total sanctioned posts of technicians are 66 but only 35 appointments have been made. Several letters have been written to the general administration department to fill the posts, but to no avail. Besides, the hospitals themselves require immediate attention. Proper services cannot be provided in such conditions,\" she said.Some BJP corporators tried to give the issue a political colour by comparing the condition of NMC hospitals with other government hospitals in the city. However, chairman of hospital committee Dr Safalta Ambatkar laid bare the condition of all hospitals.After a long discussion, Sole asked the hospital committee to submit a report on all hospitals to the general body. \"Administration should also provide information about quality of services along with proposal to hike charges from now in any issue,\" he said.Corporator leaves house during discussionEven as corporators from various wards were raising issues related to poor medical services at Indira Gandhi Rugnalaya (IGR), corporator Ashwini Jichkar, in whose ward the hospital is located, left the house during discussion and did not return till after the discussion ended.IGR is in VNIT ward represented by corporators Prakash Gajbhiye (NCP) and Ashwini Jichkar (BJP). When Gajbhiye raised various issues related to the hospital, Jichkar approached senior BJP corporators to discuss something. Even as corporators from ruling and opposition groups participated in the discussion, Jichkar left the house along with corporator Vishaka Maind and came back after the long discussion ended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15010311", "title": "Income Tax department rejects tax exemption applications of three institutes", "text": "INDORE: The income tax (I-T) department has cancelled the applications of three educational institutions seeking exemptions under the Section 10 (23C) IVa of the Income Tax Act as these educational institutions have a turnover of more than Rs 1 crore and still had not applied for exemptions under the relevant sections of the Act, said sources here on Monday.Surendra Mishra, chief commissioner, I-T, Indore, said that these institutions would be asked for filing the return for their income for the current fiscal and the last two years.Educational institutions, which have a turnover of over Rs 1 crore and are yet to apply for exemptions under Section 10 (23C) IVa of the I-T Act will not be able to claim any exemption under the Act.Accordingly, the I-T department rejected the applications for exemptions of three educational institutes namely Patel Education Society, Jirati Education Society (Mandleshwar) and St Paul Convent Samiti (Zawra, Ratlam). These educational institutions have a turnover of over Rs 1 crore and yet, they did not apply for exemptions under the Act.The department has launched a drive to identify all the schools and colleges falling under all 13 districts of Indore region to find out if the schools and colleges were remitting taxes as per the norms, said Mishra. There is a provision of 100% exemption under the Act for such educational institutions, provided their activity was not aiming for making profits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15011946", "title": "Court orders probe against BKC cops in consulate attack case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday ordered an inquiry into manhandling allegations levelled against the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) police by a man arrested in connection with an alleged attack on the British consulate office. The high court has asked the Bandra metropolitan magistrate to conduct the inquiry.The high court was hearing a petition filed by sharebroker Sajjad Pavne (42), who was among the 28 people arrested by the BKC police for allegedly rioting outside the British consulate office in BKC on July 16. The men were accused of assaulting on-duty police constables as well. The arrested men denied rioting and claimed they had only staged a peaceful morcha outside the office.The men alleged they were manhandled by the BKC police inside the lock-up. \"My students and I had carried out a peaceful march outside the consulate office to seek asylum in the UK. The police have ruined our lives by labelling us as terrorists. This is not true. We all hail from well-to-do families,\" Pavne told TOI.\"The high court directed the lower court to initiate an inquiry based on the medical report produced before it. The report clearly shows that the police had manhandled my client,\" . The police had made changes to the report to show that Pavne had no injuries,\"Pavne's lawyer Tripti Shetty said.To prove his innocence, Pavne has submitted a request to the consulate to provide him with the CCTV footage of the July 16 incident. \"The footage will prove that Pavne and his students had led a peaceful march to the consulate office,\" Shetty said.Kurla resident Mohammed Salim Khan (23), one of the 28 arrested in the case, said, \"The police repeatedly assaulted us in custody and threatened to book us in different cases.\" and will make us a terrorist,\" Khan said.\"We are students and a not a terrorists,\" said Khan. \"The incident has our life miserable. Today our families are unable to walk in the locality and neighbours are keeping a distance on seeing us after police booked us and paraded with handcuffs,\" he claimed.Additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nagre-Patil refuted the allegations, saying they have enough evidence against the accused. and will produce it in court when needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014645", "title": "Kaushik Ganguly is a friend in need", "text": "Kaushik Ganguly plays a cameo in Parambrata Chatterjee's \"Hawoa Bodol\". \"I play the owner of a music recording company. Kamalika plays my wife.As an actor, I agreed to do this film because it's Param's film. I am not too sure whether I would have given my nod, if it was by some other director. Secondly, I betrayed Param during his last film \" Jio  Kaka \". He asked me to play a pivotal role in it, but last minute, I ditched him. So this time, I would have said 'yes' for a passing shot also. This film is my apology to Param,\" smiled Kaushik. He added, \"We actors should say yes to such small yet meaningful roles as it takes the story forward.\"But the director-cum-actor is not to keen to divulge much about his character. \"The script is so tricky that I can't reveal much. All I can say is that Rudranil, who plays a musician comes to my company to bring out his own music album. My scenes show my character's interaction with Rudranil on releasing the CD. My onscreen wife Kamalika shares a special bonding with Rudranil,\" informed Kaushik. RG", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011012", "title": "Safety audit of Parliament reveals security hazards", "text": "NEW DELHI: A safety audit of Parliament has revealed that parts of the sandstone building are overrun by encroachments and several staircases are walled off midway while the presence of dozens of cooking gas cylinders is also seen as a security hazard.Parliament has seen a steady growth of ad-hoc construction, loose wiring and additions to the air conditioning system that have restricted or altered access within the building. The alarm was sounded after a foul smell disrupted proceedings in the Rajya Sabha during the Budget session and led to an inspection of Parliament's ducts and shafts.\"The number of footfalls has grown and the load on the facilities has increased. The sheer number of committees and the staff that is needed to service these parliamentary panels has grown as well,\" said Lok Sabha secretary general T K Vishwanathan.The crux of the problem seems to lie on the third floor, which is crowded with offices of smaller parties and myriad panels. Some of the committee offices are barely used and their only occupants are staff while MPs are rare visitors. But they have added to the congestion in Parliament.The staircases have often been blocked by construction of extensions and temporary partitions or with broken furniture piling up. The furniture has been largely removed with the safety audit pointing the obvious fire hazards in piles of wood. The matter has become more urgent after the recent Mumbai Assembly fire showed how devastating such an incident can be.Concerns over fire safety have led to the large Parliament canteen kitchen being moved from the second floor after gas cylinders were deemed to be unsafe. It was also pointed out that the cylinders could be used as explosives and the supply of cooking gas should be exclusively through piped LPG.The extent of the mess in Parliament House, however, has also raised questions over the Central Public Works Department's (CPWD) record in maintaining the premises. The extensions, wiring and hundreds of cabins that have been added within the building are largely the handiwork of the CPWD, although the agency has responded to growing demand for office space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15010236", "title": "New entrants foray into tiffin business", "text": "INDORE: Private tiffin centres are coming in handy for those who are staying away from home. In Indore, the tiffin-centres are slowly developing into a major household business and new entrants including students and professionals are foraying into this segment.Shashi Shukla, 45, is a software designer by profession. He has been running a tiffin centre for the last two years. He started the tiffin centre after his daughter complained on the food that he ordered from a hotel. \"This prompted me to start a new venture, where people's daily need of fresh, hygienic and nutritious food can be available. Today, I supply food to over 100 people and my customers are mostly students and working professionals, who have come to Indore for work.\" There are young entrepreneurs too ventured into this segment.Praveen Goyal, 24, a student of BE final year, had a similar motivation to start a tiffin centre. This was more out of a personal experience, he said.\"Two years back, when I was new to this place, I had to suffer a lot because of the sub-standard food I used to get. This made me empathise with the younger lot who need sumptuous full meals without wasting time and money. I try to keep this in mind and have tried to keep my service cost-effective. More so, because I have faced similar issues myself,\" he says.Rekha Rai, 37, a housewife, who runs a tiffin-centre and regularly caters to the need of 10-12 people. She says in a matter-of-fact way, \"For the last four years, I have been providing food to youngsters. My aim is to give proper meals to those who search for homely food in cities away their home, \" she says. Rai is not interested in earning profit from this business. \"My aim is to be known for my culinary skills than for anything else,\" she adds.On an average the cost of one-time food is between Rs 30 and Rs 50.Praveen Malviya, a student from Katni, says, \"I can't afford eating out for financial and health-related reasons. So I rely on a tiffin-centre to give me a wide range of items on a daily basis. I get quality meals without any problem. For a person, who lives away from home, my tiffinwalla makes sure that hygienically prepared and tasty food is available for me every day.\"There are many youths like him who are banking on these tiffinwallas to help them remain in shape, and find a way out of unnecessary spending on fast food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15011550", "title": "Police reopen Denyse Sweeney case", "text": "MAPUSA: Under pressure, the Goa police have reopened a case involving a British woman, Denyse Sweeney, who died in Goa two years ago and are re-investigated it as a case of murder.The police are recording the statements of all those connected with the death of the 34-year-old, including that of the then investigation officer who has now retired, Anjuna PI Manjunath Dessai, and the police sub-inspector.\"We are in the process of recording the statements of many people associated with the case,\" confirmed investigating officer Anjuna PI Rahul Parab, adding, \"All those connected with the case will be examined or re-examined to help us arrive at a logical conclusion.\"Police sources said that they have, so far, recorded the statements of the then investigation officer, a forensic expert who had conducted the postmortem, pub owner and the hotel owner where Sweeney was staying.A charity worker from Derby, England, Sweeney had collapsed in a night club at Anjuna in April 2010 and thereafter died in a private hospital while being treated on the same day.Police had claimed that the death was due to drug overdose, even as the postmortem report had remained inconclusive. The victim's sister, Maureen, had started a campaign in the UK seeking justice for her sister.The case has been reopened and registered under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code (murder) based on a complaint filed by Maureen, who claims Sweeney was murdered.Dessai had concluded that there were no \"murderous or bleeding injuries\" on Sweeney's body, except for \"small bruises\". He had said that as per the circumstances at that time, there were no reasons for the police to believe the case to be one of murder and evidence and recorded statements suggested it could be a case of drug overdose.Chok Narayan Kafle, who runs the pub where Sweeney had collapsed, said that there were no injury marks on her body when she collapsed. \"There was not a drop of blood, no injury mark or scratch on her body,\" Kafle, who has been running the pub since October 2009, said.He added that Sweeney had visited his pub three-four times in the past. On the night of the incident, she came to the pub with two friends on two motorbikes and drank a pint of beer at the pub, he said.Kafle said when she collapsed, one of her friends held her and he (Kafle) gave her some water to drink, of which she took two-three sips.Sweeney was attended to by a doctor at the site, who later suggested that she should be taken to a hospital. The incident took place at about 4. 30am and there were about 12 -14 people at the pub.Sources said that the authorities in-charge have invited Sweeney's family to Goa for an interview. Police source said that Maureen would be called to give her statement and that if she did not respond, the police would travel to Britain to meet her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014890", "title": "Kanchana Moitra is happy to play a typical homemaker", "text": "In real life, Kanchana Moitra thinks marriage is just a 'mental phase' and she is far from it. But on reel, she is happy to play a 'typical homemaker', Sunanda, in Manas Basu's film, \" Bristi Bheja Roddur\".The cast includes Joy Sengupta, Locket Chatterjee and Shaheb Bhattacherjee. \"Sunanda is a complex character, which makes the film interesting. Joy plays my husband,\" informs Kanchana. She adds, \"The film shows how Sunanda slowly becomes a doormat in the house. She forgets her own identity as her family's welfare becomes her only priority. Romance also takes a back seat. It also shows how Sunanda's husband gets into an extramarital relationship with Locket who is a corporate honcho. Every action is justified through the script and there is no moral policing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15010025", "title": "Revenue dept approves land for brave Vineetha", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Decks have been cleared to allot land free of cost for the bereaving family of P K Vineetha, who died in a fire mishap in AMRI Hospital, Kolkata, on December 10, last year.The revenue department has completed all formalities to allot five cents of land at Kothanelloor village in Vaikom for the landless family of Vineetha, who had fought a valiant battle along with her colleague Ramya Rajan to save at least nine lives before both succumbed to the fire.The matter is expected to be placed before the next cabinet meeting which will take the final decision.\"The revenue department has done all possible things to clear the proposal. Now it is for the cabinet to take the final decision,\" said revenue minister Adoor Prakash.Vineetha and Ramya were conferred 'Kerala Abhiman award' by the TOI ahead of its Kerala launch.The plight of Vineetha's family was brought to the notice of the then revenue minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan by the TOI during the distribution of the award.Thiruvanchoor had asked the Kottayam district collector to pursue the matter. The district collector identified puramboke land (in block number 35, resurvey number 484/4) at Kothanelloor village in the Vaikom taluk. He reported that five cents of this land can be assigned to Vineetha's family. According to the report, the approximate market value of the recommended land is Rs 6 lakhs.The revenue department has recommended the land by citing the rule 24 of the Kerala Land Assignment Rules 1964, by which the government can exercise its discretionary power in allotting the land, which in this case has been used on \"humanitarian grounds\".It was considered whether land could be allotted to the family of Ramya but it was reported by the collector that the family was owning a small property in Uzhavoor village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15011364", "title": "No illegal mines in Goa: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Claiming there are no illegal mines operating in Goa, chief minister Manohar Parrikar , in the same breath, admitted there might be illegal extraction of ore.Parrikar, who as opposition leader had been at the forefront of the anti-illegal mining campaign in the state in the last three years, told the legislative assembly on Monday, \"The mining leases are legal, but at times, the extraction of ore is done illegally beyond permissible limits. Illegal ore has been exported.\"Responding to a question on illegal mining tabled by Dabolim Congress MLA Mauvin Godinho, Parrikar said there were no illegal mines operating in Goa. He explained this by saying that all mining leases were licenced and that the illegality pertained to the export of ore.Elaborating, Parrikar said that as and when unauthorized extraction is noticed, action is initiated against defaulters.Further, existing leases are inspected and in case of any discrepancy or deviation, action is initiated and penalty imposed.\"I cannot take action against them till I have proof. But once I get the evidence, I will ensure that the illegal mining extractors will not be let scot-free,\" the CM assured the House.He further assured the House that if the government identifies people who indulge in illegal mining, the damages will be recovered from them and punishment meted out in the form of criminal action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15012128", "title": "Chaos as State Entrance Exam counselling continues till late night", "text": "KANPUR: The third day of first round of counselling of State Entrance Exam (SEE)-2012 remained a chaotic affair due to server snag which delayed the proceedings. The counselling process was on till late night at all the centers on Monday.As many as 1,000 engineering aspirants reported to the three counselling centres in the city that includes Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute (HBTI), Pranveer Singh Institute of Technology (PSIT) and Kanpur Institute of Technology (KIT).The admission process in the government and private engineering colleges affiliated to Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU) and MTU, Noida will be completed through this counselling.The document verifications of 550 students was done till late in the night with as many as 350 students locking their seats on day three. Others had to form a queue to get their registrations done for the counselling.The delay in counselling was due to manual registrations and frequent server snag. The day two of the counselling process was completed at late night, around 1.30 am at HBTI. The situation moved a similar trend on day three as well.The students who came to attend the SEE counselling from other cities including Kannauj, Etawah, Fatehpur, Aurriya, Banda etc. had a tough time owing to the technical glitches.High humidity level and poor facilities made available to the aspiring students left the crowd jittery. Travel plans had to be altered in most of the cases and fresh reservation of tickets were necessary for many outstation candidates.The counselling process will continue on Tuesday. The second phase of counselling will begin from July 28 and will continue till August 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012353", "title": "4 schools turn away kid seeking admission to Class I", "text": "MUMBAI: A six-year-old seeking admission to Class I was turned away by four schools, prompting his father to move the Bombay high court last week.Human rights activist Shakil Ahmed, of the Nirbhay Bano Andolan, who got the BMC to start a school in Wadala in 2006 after a seven-year legal battle, was a petitioner in a case in which the HC directed the civic body to frame safety guidelines for its pre-primary and primary schools and himself runs an institution which provides pre-primary education to children in slum areas. So when his son Kabir was denied admission to four schools this academic year, he filed a petition seeking transparency in admission procedures across schools. He has also urged the HC to direct the schools to admit his son. The case will come up for hearing on Tuesday.The Wadala resident said he ran from pillar to post for his son's admission but none of the schools admitted Kabir. The family went to St Joseph's High School in Wadala in the first week of April and submitted the relevant documents. The authorities told him that the list of \"selected parents\" would be out in the last week of the month. \"My name was not on the list. On inquiring about the procedure adopted for selection, the staff told us that the list displayed on the notice board was the final one and there was nothing they could do if our name was not there,\" Ahmed said. Despite several attempts, the school principal could not be contacted.Next, at the Amulakh Amichand Bhimji Vividhlakshi Vidyalaya at King's Circle, Ahmed said he was told he would be informed after a decision on students to be admitted was taken. \"They told me they'd contact me but it's been a month since Class I has begun and I am still to hear from the school,\" he said. Secondary school prinicipal Uma Chaudhari said the primary section was an unaided minority school run by the trust. \"The family did not follow the right procedure and approach the right people,\" she said.After the schools turned him away, he wrote to the BMC's F(north) education officer asking him to help. The BMC asked St Joseph's to admit the child, but the school replied saying it was an unaided institution and hence wasn't obliged to do so.In the last week of April, Ahmed's wife went to Dadar Parsee Youths Assembly High School. The school hasn't yet replied to the application. TOI tried to contact the school principal, Diana Pereira several times but she did not respond to phone calls and an SMS.The same week, he approached Guru Nanak High School, GTB Nagar, where he was stopped at the gate and told that admissions were closed. \"But when I went inside I found admissions were still on. I then met the principal who gave my son a paper and asked him to write something. This is illegal under the Right TO Education Act. When I objected, she told me to leave as admissions were full,\" Ahmed said.Harbhajan Kaur Anand, the school administrator told TOI that the student had come late. \"He came when admissions were over. Moreover, he does not stay within a kilometer of the school,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15011516", "title": "Govt lists its latest employee strength, but it's as per 2007 census", "text": "PORVORIM: The government doesn't seem to have an updated list showing the exact strength of its employees.The written reply given by the chief minister and minister for planning Manohar Parrikar said the \"latest available provisional information on total strength of government staff as on March 31, 2010 indicating permanent/temporary/NMR (non-muster roll)/contract basis and any other type with government is enclosed in the annexure I\". The number is 36,844.The question was tabled by Congress Margao MLA Digambar Kamat, who had asked for the total strength of the government staff as on June 30, 2012, with details of all types of employment.In the annexure which gives the strength of government staff department-wise, the police strength is shown as 4,885. But further it says the information in respect of police is as on March 31, 2007, as per Census of government employees 2007.Other departments which have a large number of employees include the electricity department (4,879), public works department (4,448), health services (2,975) and GMC (1,850). Education is another department with a high employee strength-4,166. The latter is also as per the 2007 census.To a related question tabled again by Kamat, the minister for planning gave details of staff strength of government-run corporations and other autonomous bodies.Among the state public sector undertakings, Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC) is the biggest employer having a staff of 1,935.But like the first reply, the latest information is as of March 31, 2010 and is based on the 'census of government employees, 2007'.Following KTC are Goa tourism development corporation (347), Tillari irrigation corporation (301), Goa industrial development corporation (222).In the grant-in-aid institutions, school education has 6,609 staff members (as per the 2007 census), the assembly was informed on Monday. Colleges and other institutions coming under higher education department, have a strength of 169.Municipalities (1,708), Provedoria (258), sports authority of Goa (350), Bal Bhavan (178), rural development agency-Panaji (564) and RDA-Margao (282).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15012338", "title": "CM opens 100 MW Lalmatia power station", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Monday inaugurated the Lalmatia power substation which has a capacity to draw up to 100 MW against the existing substation of 55 MW, giving residents of the six districts of Santhal Pargana division a hope to get electricity round the year.Sources in the Jharkhand State Electricity Board ( JSEB) said people in the six districts of the division - Dumka, Deoghar, Godda, Pakur, Sahebganj and Jamtara - were not getting proper power supply because of a small substation. The six districts got the power supply for not more than 10-12 hours a day.The substation was able to draw maximum 55-60 MW from Farakka power plant of the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC). Now in addition to this, it can even draw power from the Kahlgaon plant of NTPC .\"In case of drop in generation, many places especially rural areas of these districts got power for even one or two hours a day. Now the six districts will get uninterrupted power supply for at least 22 hours a day in normal time,\" said a source adding that even in worse condition places would get at least 10-15 hours of electricity everyday.After the inauguration was done online from the chief minister's house, Munda expressed hope that situation would help improve the life of people living in the six districts. \"I am happy that from now the dependence of people of Pakur for electricity from West Bengal will end,\" said Munda.He said people of Palamu district, who are now dependent on Bihar for electricity, would also get a grid substation soon that would be connected to the Hatia grid.Deputy chief minister Hemant Mahato and welfare minister Haji Hussain Ansari along with local MLAs and MPs were present at the substation in Lalmatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15010096", "title": "23 engineering colleges lack quality", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Education minister P K Abdu Rabb told the assembly on Monday that 23 engineering colleges, found wanting in academic quality and infrastructure, have been given a year's time to improve the facilities.Their academic standard and quality of education will be evaluated a year later. The government will initiate necessary action if the improvement is not satisfactory,'' he said while replying to questions raised by P C George, M V Sreyams Kumar, N Jayaraj and Roshy Augustine on the deteriorating standards of private engineering colleges\"Since we cannot resort to extreme steps like closing them down immediately, reasonable time to implement recommendations of the expert committee is being given to these institutes,'' he said. The committee was constituted following a directive by the Kerala high court on September 22, 2011, to recommend quality parameters for private colleges.\"We've stopped allotting new BTech courses in those colleges where the pass percentage is less than 40 percent,\" the minister said.The minister further said that the government has constituted industry interaction cell in all the engineering colleges with a view to promoting interaction with the industry.The minister said the proposed technical university would help in bringing more effective control mechanisms over private engineering colleges and ensure better academic standards.Government has also mooted technology research parks in all engineering colleges, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011492", "title": "What about N-waste from Kudankulam, HC asks Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: Where will the nuclear waste from the Kudankulam nuclear power plant be kept and what are the Centre's plans to process the spent fuel to ensure that it does not damage the environment? This is what the Madras high court, hearing a batch of public interest petitions on the nuclear plant, wants to know from the Centre.But in the absence of the additional solicitor-general (ASG) of South India, whose term is yet to be extended after it expired earlier this month, counsel for the Centre was groping for an answer on Monday. When a central advocate said an ASG was not available now, the bench of Justice P Jyothimani and Justice M Duraiswamy observed: \"His term has ended. We cannot wait till the appointment of a new ASG.\"The debate over the fate of spent fuel came up after the People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) filed a new PIL and sought to be impleaded as a party to the proceedings.When a human rights forum too sought to implead itself as a party, Justice Jyothimani chided the counsel and said instead of working for the downtrodden, several rights forums were only exploiting the poor. Asking them to see the functioning of rights forums in the US, the judge said, \"Here you instigate people and conduct conferences every year.\"Earlier, special government pleader of Tamil Nadu, I S Inbadurai told the bench that the Tirunelveli district police had registered a total of 271 first information reports (FIRs) against the agitating anti-nuclear activists and that 205 people were arrested for various offences and released.The bench also summoned the Tirunelveli district collector and the chief engineer of the public works department (PWD) to be present in court on July 19 to explain the off-site mock safety drill conducted in the district last year, and the government's proposal to build 10,000 pucca houses in the project area.Advocate M Radhakrishnan, counsel for another petitioner, made it clear that they were not against the nuclear plant, but said that the environmental impact assessment clearance obtained in the year 2003 should not be used now, as the project had undergone several changes. \"Let them approach the Union ministry of environment and forests for a fresh clearance,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010782", "title": "SIT probe in post-Godhra riots nears conclusion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Supreme Court has permitted IPS officer Y C Modi, to rejoin its parent cadre, Meghalaya after his tenure of two years with the Special Investigation Team probing Gujarat riots got over.The SIT has not sought any replacement for Modi, sources in the SIT said. This means that the intensive probe in the 2002 cases is nearing conclusion. The last report on basis of Zakia Jafri's complaint was also submitted in February this year. Modi supervised the investigations carried out by IPS officer Himanshu Shukla.Modi was inducted in the probe team in July 2010 after the apex court ordered the removal of two officers - Geetha Johri and Shivanand Jha - from the team. The Gujarat cadre officials had to exit the SIT after various controversies and allegations leveled against them by the victim-witnesses.After the exit of the Gujarat cadre officials, SIT chairman R K Raghavan immediately requested the SC to spare two more IPS officers to assist the 2002 riots probe. However, this time around, there is no report of the SIT seeking Modi's replacement.Earlier, Modi, a 1984 batch IPS officer, served as DIG CBI (Special Crime). He was the first appellate authority under Right to Information (RTI) in the CBI.Satish Verma writes to CBI, HCIGP Satish Verma has dashed off a letter to the CBI director and has also sent a copy to the Gujarat high court registry saying that due to the surgery he has undergone following accident, he would not be able to join the Ishrat Jahan encounter probe from Monday. Sources said that Verma has sought accommodation for the probe period citing his injury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011704", "title": "Congress goes to grassroots to strengthen itself in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Youth Congress on Monday launched a month-long membership drive to induct new recruits for the party's at the grass-root level. In a significant departure from the Congress held two years ago, this time, internal elections to the party ranks will go one step further and will be held at booth levels. For the battered Congress, which logged a poor showing at two consecutive elections in Uttar Pradesh, the enrolment drive is regarded as a last ditch attempt to resuscitate the party's fortunes.In what also appears to be a desperate attempt to cut losses, the party also declared it will only give tickets to contest Vidhan Sabha and Lok Sabha election to those members who have been victorious at booth levels elections at least once. Confirming the development, YC central zone PRO, Manoj Yadav, said, \"The three-phased electoral process is being conducted to identify and promote young leaders into the Congress. Aspirants for the Vidhan Sabha and Lok Sabha elections will need to register a win at the booth level in order to get a ticket.\"The enrolment drive, formally kick started by UP Congress Committee chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi, coincides with a mammoth membership drive in other states of the country, including Haryana, Pondicherry, Jharkhand, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Punjab as well. General secretary incharge of the electoral process in Central UP, Virendra Rathore, said, \"In the past, this exercise has given us many Congress leaders. In UP alone, six youth Congress leaders out of 27 who contested have won the Vidhan Sabha elections. We propose to find more such leaders this year.\"Though the party shied of declaring a target, the Youth Congress expects to better its previous performance of approximately 2.75 lakh members. Aiming to enrol at least 28% women members into the party ranks, the exercise is also expected to raise a large chunk as party funds. This year, though membership base fee has been fixed at Rs 15, open category candidates will pay Rs 100 as nomination fee at the booth level, Rs 1500 for elections to the assembly committee, Rs 3000 for the Lok Sabha committee and Rs 7500 for nomination to the state level committee.Subsidised rates will apply to women candidates and those persons from the scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and minority communities.Earlier, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi asked the Youth Congress to form committees down to the booth levels in Uttar Pradesh. Following orders, the enrolment drive, which will end on August 13, will see elections taking place for 26 Lok Sabha-level committees, 131 Vidhan Sabha-level committees and 41,679 booth-level committees. To oversee the preparations and the election process, a 31-member team has been pressed into service ahead of the party elections.In the previous enrolment drive undertaken by the Congress party in 2009-2010, committees were formed up to the ward and panchayat levels. This year, with enrolment taking place at booth levels, the party expects to consolidate its organisational strength, an area that even senior state leaders have acknowledged, has been weak, especially after the party's poor performance, first, during the assembly elections in March 2012, and then again in July, when the party failed to secure a single mayoral seat during the municipal elections.Despite being touted as party general secretary Rahul Gandhi's baby, so far, there is no word of the leader's visit to the state during the party's electoral process. On Monday, launching the enrolment process, UPCC chief Rita Joshi, however, was found encouraging the gathering of youth Congress workers to work hard for the party, and ensure that Congress does well at the Centre. She said, \"If you want to see Rahulji as the country's next Prime Minister in 2014, we all need to work hard.\" Despite the enthusiastic push, it remains uncertain, though, whether Rahul will travel across the state during the membership drive. Leading the Youth Congress enrolment drive, he had travelled to different parts of the state during the previous Youth Congress enrolment drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012350", "title": "One more swine flu death", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: One more swine flu death has been reported in the state from Kollam. G Sobhana, 51, who was undergoing treatment for acute respiratory disorder at a private hospital, died on Monday. She tested H1N1 positive.The total positive cases reported in the state have become 362 this year with Kozhikode reporting the maximum number of cases \u2014 115, followed by Malappuram with 66 cases, Kannur 45, Thrissur 42 and Kasargod 38 cases. The total number of deaths reported this year has become eight.The total positive cases reported in the state have become 362 this year with Kozhikode reporting the maximum number of cases", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011924", "title": "SP may shift national executive meeting's venue from Kolkata", "text": "LUCKNOW: After calling off its national executive meeting scheduled in Kolkata, the Samajwadi Party has now decided to do a rethink over the venue as well. The party's move appears to mark the growing distance between the Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and Trinamool Congress boss Mamta Banerjee after the two outfits disagreed with each other over the choice of Presidential candidate.The meeting, which was scheduled between July 10 and July 12 in Kolkata, was called off silently by SP without citing any official reason. Party sources now claim that even the venue may be changed. SP spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary, confirmed that the meeting of the venue is yet to be decided. \"It will be decided by Netaji (Mulayam Singh Yadav) as to when and where the meeting will be held. We are waiting for the presidential elections to be over,\" he said.Kironmoy Nanda, SP MP and Mulayam's emissary in West Bengal, however, maintained the meeting could be called after parliament session. \"The meeting should be in Kolkata,'' he said, while speaking to TOI.The move comes amidst Samajwadi Party growing bonhomie with the Congress, which was at a face off with AITC chief, first over Pranab Mukherjee's presidential candidature and now over Vice-president Hamid Ansari . Both Mukherjee and Ansari received the support of Mulayam Singh Yadav, while Mamta looked the other way.In fact, Mulayam and Mamta had first agreed on three names -- Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , former Lok Sabha speaker Somnath Chatterjee and former president APJ Abdul Kalam - for the presidential elections. However, things changed swiftly and Mulayam agreed on Congress's presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee .The development also marks a dramatic shift of SP supremo, who, otherwise, has been stressing that his support was for the candidate and not for the Congress as such. The move to call off the meeting in Kolkata coincides with the Centre agreeing to grant a hefty financial package of Rs 45,000 crore to the Samajwadi Party government in UP headed by Mulayam's son, Akhilesh Yadav. Mulayam's snub to the AITC also comes just around the time, when the Supreme Court is set to hear the disproportionate asset case against SP chief and his family members.SP sources said that the party was in no mood to annoy the UPA government by holding its national executive meet in Kolkata just ahead of presidential elections.Of late, the Yadav had been seeking to strengthen ties with Banerjee, especially after Samajwadi Party rode to power in UP with absolute majority. First Mamta was invited to the swearing-in ceremony of Akhilesh Yadav and then SP decided to hold its national executive meeting in Kolkata.The move was being seen with much significance amidst speculations of Yadav forming a third front with the help of Banerjee as an alternate to United Progressive Alliance (UPA) and the National Democratic Alliance (NDA).Mulayam, after saddling his son on CM's seat, had decided to move into Centre's politics full throttle. More so with an eye on Lok Sabha elections, which may be held anytime in 2014. Not surprisingly, the Yadav chieftain has been exhorting the party workers to gear up for the parliamentary elections, which, according to him may be held even before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010913", "title": "More water in dams than in 2011", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The monsoon may be deficient in the state, but there good news and bad news. The good: 220 dams have 235 million cubic metres (mcm) more water than last year, but regions like South Gujarat and Saurashtra have less water in their dams as compared to 2010.The situation is critical in Saurashtra, where water levels were just 34 per cent of what they were last year. Even South Gujarat's dams have 16 per cent less water as compared to last year. The mighty Sardar Sarovar dam too has 195 mcm less water than in 2011. The Sardar Sarovar currently has 4,112.42 mcm water against a storage capacity of 5,265.84 mcm.Officials said dams in northern, eastern and central parts of Gujarat have more water and as a result the overall situation in the state shows an increase in water levels.The dams in Saurashtra and South Gujarat have less water compared to last year. Officials said South Gujarat has 458 mcm less and Saurashtra 438 mcm of water less than last year.Officials said that in Saurashtra, the irrigation department has had to release water from dams to save crops. Officials said that the 135 dams in Saurashtra had 225.78 mcm water but following demand, the department released water about one mcm of water.Officials said that only around 30-35 per cent of projected groundnut sowing has only taken place so far, and it is getting late for farmers as it is a delicate crop.Data gathered until last week shows that groundnut has been sown in 3.95 lakh hectares in the state as compared to 6.56 lakh hectares in the corresponding period last year, a state agriculture department official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014582", "title": "Subhashree cooks for Megh Roddur's unit", "text": "We all know that Mithun Chakraborty cooks for the entire unit on outdoor shoots, but did you know that Subhashree is a wizard in the kitchen?The actor who plays Madhuja Sen, a diva, in Surajit Dhar and Sudarshan Basu's film, \" Megh  Roddur \", is enjoying every bit of the shoot taking place currently in Shillong. The buzz is that the actor is cooking for the entire unit in the hill city. \"Why, can't actors cook? After pack-up, I am a girlnext-door. Added to that, I love to cook. And in Shillong the vegetables are so fresh that I couldn't resist cooking for the whole unit. One rainy night I made khichuri with loads of vegetables for all of us,\" smiled the actor, who is enjoying the weather in Shillong. \"The weather is just fantastic here. Though our shooting schedule is going for a toss because of the unpredictable rains, we are still having a blast,\" said Subhashree.The director is happy with the performance of the lead actors, Subhashree and Palash. \"Both of them are working very hard and I am sure it will show on screen. At present we are shooting the song and dance sequences, music for which has been composed by Rishi Chanda. That apart we are also canning all the exterior shoots of Arpan's (Palash) house and his family in the hills ,\" informed Surajit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15012629", "title": "Obama: Indo-US ties need more momentum", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indo-US ties need more momentum in some areas, according to President Barack Obama , who is still \"proud of the progress\" made in strengthening them. Was the warmth in the relations \"fading\" , the US leader was asked during an interview here.\"Yes, it's true that in some areas we would have liked to see more momentum. Still, I'm proud of the progress we've made, and I think that the relationship between the United States and India is stronger, broader and deeper that it has ever been,\" President Obama said.Indicating a possible end to the longstanding denial of sophisticated dual use technology to India, Obama said the US defence department was working to sort it out. He maintained that such technology , involving items which have civil and military use, was being given to India and that Pentagon \"is working to address those occasional cases where we do not\" .Acknowledging that there were \"benefits\" of providing such technology to New Delhi, Obama said,\"Given all the interests and values we share, I'm confident that we can continue to work through any differences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15011613", "title": "Medical council suspends registration of 12 doctors", "text": "JAIPUR: In a move to clamp down on the illegal practice of sex determination, the Rajasthan Medical Council on Monday suspended registration of 12 doctors for allegedly violating the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act 1994.This is the first time when the registration of so many doctors has been suspended in the state, a source said. Of the 12 doctors, five were allegedly involved in sex selection practice by providing information about the sex of the fetus.Charges have been framed against all the doctors in the court. While 11 of them belong to Sriganganagar, one is from Udaipur.Rajasthan Medical Council registrar Archana Johari said, \"We have issued the suspension orders of the 12 doctors today. As the charges against them have been framed in the courts, there is provision in the PCPNDT Act to suspend their registration.\"The doctors from Sriganganagar are Dr Rajesh Bansal, Dr Pramod Bedi, Dr Pavnit Khurana, Dr Shambhu Nath Gupta, Dr Manjula Gupta, Dr Praveen Garg, Dr Vinay Behal, Dr KK Rastogi, Dr Chavi Bansal, Dr Rajendra Jain and Dr Pradip Garg.\"Dr Suresh Gupta from Udaipur has been accused of being allegedly involved in aborting a 16-week fetus which is a gross violation of Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act. For MTP of a 16-week fetus, consent of three doctors is required. It has also been alleged that an information board stating that 20-week fetus can be aborted has been found from his clinic.\"The other doctors have been found Against rest of the 6 doctors were allegedly involved in some or the other form of in other form of violation of the Act such as not maintaining records. , which indicate that the doctor were allegedly involved in sex selection as per the PCPNDT Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "dholpur", "code": "15010775", "title": "UP chief minister ducks question on khap diktat", "text": "DHOLPUR: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday shied away from giving a direct reply to the recent diktat of the Baghpat khap panchayat.\"It is for you to decide whether Baghpat khap panchayat decision will do any good to society,\" said Yadav when asked about the panchayat recent diktat. The Baghpat khap had recently issued a 'farman' against love marriages, no use of cellphones by women and no shopping by women above 40 years of age.Yadav refused to answer directly to the question, instead reply the question directly and apparently took no stand on the issue. In stead, he preferred laying referred being politically correct, as and said, \"Khaps with good opinion about society are welcome.\"On other issues like reports like Amarmani Tripathi holding darbar inside the jail, yadav said that any such irregularity will be dealt with sternly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "15011572", "title": "10 hurt in clash against land acquisition in Haryana", "text": "REWARI: Protests against land acquisition here turned violent on Monday with about 10 farmers, including a woman, injured in clashes between villagers and policemen.Hundreds of farmers had assembled outside the mini secretariat to protest against the Haryana government's decision to acquire 3,000 acres of agricultural land across 16 villages in Rewari for setting up infrastructure related industries.The police, apprehending violence, lathi-charged the mob to prevent them from entering the mini-secretariat. This provoked the mob into stone-pelting. A few agitators also managed to enter secretariat premises and ransacked several government offices. The secretariat staff was locked in for almost five hours.The farmers who had been staging a peaceful dharna wanted to meet the deputy commissioner demanding withdrawal of the government's decision to acquire their land. They had threatened to intensify their agitation if their demands were not met before the June 20 deadline that they had set.\"The situation was under control by evening. Cops have been deployed at the spot. We will register an FIR against the agitators,\" said Rewari SP Abhishek Garg.The government has served notices to villages about acquiring land for setting up industries. \"The farmers don't want to give up their land. The government has started the process of acquiring over 3,000 acres in 16 villages,\" said farmer leader Ram Kishan. Several villagers including those from Banipur, Putahera, Manglesar, Garhi Aasaswas have been sitting on dharna for many days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lohgara (allahabad)", "code": "15012606", "title": "Phone call triggered sipping saga", "text": "LOHGARA (ALLAHABAD): After more than 24 hours, the tale of idols of Shiva and Nandi in Lohgara village under Bara police station consuming water and milk came to an end on Monday afternoon. However, the experiment-cum-miracle was actually carried out on the telephonic instructions of a relative of one of the villagers staying in Dewas district of Madhya Pradesh.The girl, Anjali alias Baby aged 10 years, who was the first to try the hand on the idols by offering them water with the help of a spoon, told TOI, \"My nanaji (maternal grandfather) called me up from Dewas on Sunday morning and informed that Shiva and Nandi idols in his locality were gulping water. He asked me to try the same on the idols installed inside the Lohgara Devi temple in my village after which I went ahead.\"The girl said that to her deep astonishment the Shiva and Nandi idols started consuming water within seconds of offering them through their mouth. \"It appeared as if some extra terrestrial force was sucking the whole fluid inside the pot bellied Shiva idol, which is unlike other conventional Shiva idols,\" said Anjali.A villager, Devi Deen Dwivedi who stays within the precincts of the open air temple constructed some 150 years back by his ancestors and fellow villagers, said that on an average at least 25 buckets of water were consumed by the two idols on Sunday and the following day till 2 in the afternoon.He was joined in chorus by other villagers among whom some had successfully offered water and milk with the help of spoons, brass pitchers and copper pots, they claimed.A farmer, Ramesh Chandra Mishra said, \"We all are educated and rational enough to differentiate between faith and superstition, but this whole thing has happened right in front of our eyes.\" He also produced blurred mobile clips of men, women and children offering water, which was being slowly absorbed by the idols with curious villagers jostling in between to catch a glimpse of the entire sequence.Here it would be pertinent to mention that Lohgara and other adjoining villages in trans-Yamuna area are dotted by landscape which in no way is conducive to farming or other related vocations. This may perhaps be the reason for the social and economic backwardness of the region, which is best explained by a retired teacher, Umesh Chandra Dwivedi who informed that the lone primary school is being run by two shiksha mitras, while the lone teacher and officiating headmaster is absent from duty most of the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15012194", "title": "Tardy pace of flyover construction at COD crossing", "text": "KANPUR: The rail overbridge (ROB) under construction at COD crossing is not likely to be opened for public this year because only 20% of it bridge has been completed so far.A team of National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and Public Works Department (highway wing) inspected the ongoing construction on Saturday. The team was of the view that the bridge could not be constructed in the next five months. The experts said that 80% of construction work is still left. The team hoped that the flyover would be ready by the end of 2013.The inspection team noticed that on one side of the railway track, the pillars have been erected but on the other side only digging work had been done. In these trenches, the pillars on which the flyover would rest, will be erected. The railways, which is one of the partners in the construction of the flyover, had completed its 40% work.The flyover is under construction for last four years but still a major portion of it is yet to be constructed. The deadline for its completion is October 2012. This is not for the first time that the deadline had been extended. Several times in the past, deadlines were fixed and extended.Over 100 trains pass through this railway line everyday. For most of the day, the railway crossing remain closed. The commuters had to face a tough time and wait for the gates to open. The closure of the railway crossings causes jam in the area and the worst affected are the schoolchildren and ambulances.Once the flyover gets constructed, it would facilitate smooth movement of traffic across the railway line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15010723", "title": "Four ancient idols stolen from Jain temple in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: Four precious Ashtadhatu idols of the Jain temple at Hathibhatta colony here were stolen on Monday. This is the fourth incident of stealing of Jain idols from different temples in the past two years in the city.According to the police, when the caretaker of Parshavanath Jain temple of Hathibhatta came to open the door of the temple on Monday morning, he found that the idols were missing. \"One was of Chandra Prabha, two were of Lord Mahaveera and the other one of Adhinath. All of them were precious and ancient,\" said a Jain leader.The news of the theft angered the Jain community. \"This is one of the important temples for us and now it seems that even gods are not safe in this city,\" said a devotee. The police have registered a case and started investigation.Last year, idols were stolen from Nala Bazaar region and a similar incident took place in dargah bazaar area where there are old Jain temples. Till now, police are unable to recover these idols.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15012129", "title": "Devotees throng Shiv temples", "text": "KANPUR: Thousands of devotees of Lord Shiva thronged various Shiv temples on the occasion of second 'Shravan Somvar'. The people also visited Ganga Ghats to take a holy dip in the pious river. Devotees reached the temple in the wee hours.The charm to meet the Lord at 'Shravan Somvar' continued till midnight. Long queues of 'Shiv' followers were witnessed at prominent Shiva temples in the city. The people opted for various ways to make their Lord happy. The rush was seen at Parmat temple, Jageshwar temple, Vankhandeshwar temple, Siddhnath temple. Almost similar was the view at Kherepati temple at Mall Road where 'Shivaling' was the centre of attraction for many. Admist the chants, the devotees offered Lord Shiva milk, fruits, flowers and honey.Special pujan was also held at several places in the city. The ardent devotees of Lord Shiva also held 'Rudrabhishek' - a special kind of Pujan done to please the Lord. The temples on this occasion were decorated with flowers and 'Bel Patri'.The locals expressed their sadness over the municipal authorities' carelessness. Even after knowing the importance of 'Shravan Somvar', they did not make proper arrangements at the ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15015355", "title": "Anna Hazare, Ramdev attack government on corruption, blackmoney issue", "text": "PUNE: Ahead of their proposed protests in Delhi, Anna Hazare and yoga guru Ramdev on Tuesday launched an attack on the UPA government accusing it of not showing enough resolve in tackling corruption and bringing back blackmoney stashed away abroad.Hazare and Ramdev said they will support each other in the fight. Team Anna is launching an indefinite protest from July 25 in Jantar Mantar while Ramdev's protest starts from August nine in Ramlila Maidan.\"Ramdev is fighting to bring back blackmoney. We are demanding a strong Lokpal to fight corruption. But the government has no intention to do so. They do not have the will power.\"Why efforts are not being taken to bring blackmoney stashed abroad? There may be people in government who have hidden blackmoney. This may be the reason. What is preventing them from taking action?\" Hazare told reporters.On his part, Ramdev said people have been waiting for a strong Lokpal and bringing back blackmoney for over a year but the \"government has time and again hoodwinked public\".\"The intention of the government to bring a strong Lokpal does not seem to be right. So now a decision has to be made till what time you have to go on with agitation, how we can get a strong Lokpal Bill and how we can bring back blackmoney,\" Ramdev said.Whenever these issues are raised, Hazare said, they were told that these are just allegations and there is no proof. Without an independent investigation, he added, the truth will not come out.\"We demand an independent probe. Not one by the government. We don't want a CBI probe as the agency is under the control of government,\" he said.Hazare alleged the government is not bringing a strong Lokpal because if there is a legislation, many of the ministers will land in jail resulting in collapse of the government.The government cheated people repeatedly on the issue of Lokpal, he alleged.\"The issue went to the Standing Committee. People were cheated. It went to Parliament, we were cheated. People were repeatedly cheated by the government,\" he charged.Till a strong Lokpal Bill is enacted and blackmoney is brought back, he said, the protests will continue.Ramdev said if the government does not take \"some big decisions\" now, people will be disheartened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15012646", "title": "Mysore varsity to increase PG seats", "text": "Mysore: Students of University of Mysore (UOM) have a reason to celebrate as the university has taken a decision to increase the number of seats in free category by 10 per cent.The UOM Syndicate has arrived at this decision keeping in mind the increasing urge among students to opt for higher courses. Now around 240 seats, in various departments, will be available for the students under 'A' scheme. This won't disturb the number of seats falling under payment category.At present 2/3 of the seats in PG courses are given to students on merit basis, categorized as 'A' scheme. The remaining 1/3 seats are given to students who are ready to pay a higher amount as fee, fixed by the UOM and they are categorized as 'B' scheme students. B scheme students are also selected on merit basis.Sources told TOI that there was a discussion at a recent Syndicate meeting to cancel the B scheme and allot all seats to meritorious students at a subsidized rate. The authorities claimed it would be tough for the UOM to mobilize resources if this two-tier system of admission is abolished.This decision has evoked a mixed response from teachers. A section of teachers feel that there was no need to increase the seats as the demand for PG courses is decreasing due to various reasons, including establis- hment of more universities and autonomy to colleges. Others feel that this will help students who cannot afford higher fees to continue their studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "it was an anti-climax. after the tweets on facebook mirroring the agony of commuters fleeced by rapacious autorickshaw drivers, few among the 6,500 aggrieved citizens had turned up for a meeting last week to formulate an action plan to take on transport authorities for not rationalizing fares. dr prahalathan kk, an opthalmologist who initiated the petition on facebook, admitted that just 11 online activists had actually joined him for a meeting with the transport commissioner last friday. but he put on a brave face", "code": "15012032", "title": "Armchair activism grows", "text": "It was an anti-climax. After the tweets on Facebook mirroring the agony of commuters fleeced by rapacious autorickshaw drivers, few among the 6,500 aggrieved citizens had turned up for a meeting last week to formulate an action plan to take on transport authorities for not rationalizing fares. Dr Prahalathan KK, an opthalmologist who initiated the petition on Facebook, admitted that just 11 online activists had actually joined him for a meeting with the transport commissioner last Friday. But he put on a brave face: \"I reckon this number is pretty good for me\".Among the select few who made time to attend the meeting was S Vivekanandan, majoring in engineering design at IIT Madras. He was a lot more blunt than Dr Prahalathan in describing the ground-level response to a campaign that had apparently struck a strong chord on the internet with Chennai's commuting masses. \"A social concern issue like this could have had much more participation,\" he said.Welcome to virtual reality, a world where sound and fury multiplies with clicks but rarely spills over into real action. Be it human rights, traffic snarls or gender equality, every cause finds an army of supporters on social networks.Banding together to exchange ideas and information, they form a formidable mass of opinion, which quickly dissipates into the oblivion of cyberspace. So, when was the last time a group of internet warriors won a battle on the ground? \"In my experience, not even one per cent of those active on social networking sites like to see their ideas translated into action, it's just posturing in a closed shared space,\" says Professor Ramu Manivannan, head of department, politics and public administration, Madras University. \"Reality is different from what we do on Facebook. It's human nature to stick to a comfort zone and we in India like to criticize and condemn with very little ability or inclination to learn how to take thoughts to their logical conclusion of actually acting on them,\" he said.Kiruba Shankar, CEO of city-based 'Business Blogging Social Media', believes \"People lead two lives... one online where they pose and project a certain image to impress others and another where there is little action\". He attributes this to the time, effort and money required to initiate and participate in events as against the much easier option of just expressing views without the responsibility of converting them into actionable agenda. \"So when we organize an event, 100 people would say they will come, but only 40 turn up with reasons like the rain, family commitments and an important work to be completed,\" he says. He cites one exception though, telling TOI about how the Occupy Anna Centenary Library online campaign created a quick impact. The issues have to be close to the heart for that kind of response, he adds.Some say it is the fear of stepping outside one's comfort zone and taking on powerful forces that keeps people away, other think it is sheer apathy. \"I am not surprised by the weak turnout for the auto campaign. We are not doers, only armchair quarterbacks,\" says American V Narayanan, founder of Indian Organisation for Development. \"The history of activism by citizens on civic and community issues in Tamil Nadu is not encouraging, with the exception of rain water harvesting in which the state is in the forefront\".On the other hand, K R Ramaswamy, who has filed over 500 RTI applications and numerous writ petitions in the Madras high court, believes it is the fear factor and the tendency to make compromises that are major constraints in not translating ideas on social sites into action. Nitin Pai, an expert on social media and convener of the Chennaibased think tank 'Takshashila', reckons that the paralysis in action after the outrage on net sites can be gauged by the fact that \"most of those who vote in India aren't on social media platforms, while most of those who are don't vote\". His comment: \"Online echo chambers and mutual appreciation societies can give people a false sense of popularity and narrative dominance\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15010747", "title": "Pranab nominated to make way for Rahul as PM: Raje", "text": "JAIPUR: Former Rajasthan chief minister and leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje on Monday said the Congress has fielded Pranab Mukherjee for the presidential post to make way for its \"prince\" Rahul Gandhi .\"Congress wants to crown Rahul as the prime minister in the next Lok Sabha elections, but the people will not let this happen,\" Raje said, while addressing her party MPs and MLAs in the presence of NDA candidate PA Sangma who was in Jaipur for the election campaign.Raje also hit out against Mukherjee calling him the \"most unsuccessful\" finance minister of the country till date. \"Nominating for the presidential post a person in whose tenure inflation and corruption were at the peak is a cheating with the people. Congress has let down the nation,\" Raje stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15011055", "title": "500 cheques, drafts found in cashier's cupboard at Arni panchayat samiti", "text": "Yavatmal: As many as 505 cheques and demand drafts have been found in the office cupboard of the cashier of Arni Panchayat Samiti when the Block Development Officer (BDO) broke open the cupboard, on Friday.The cheques and demand drafts are drawn against various deductions from monthly salaries of the employees including teachers working under Arni PS. Some of the cheques are drawn against the government-sponsored Gharkul Scheme and farm well digging scheme.The cheques and demand drafts are drawn during the fiscal years 2005-06 to 2011-12.When contacted on phone, BDO Chandrakant Bund confirmed the unearthing the cheques and DDs from the cupboard of cashier Mohmmad Salim Mohammad Usman, but refused to disclose the total sum involved.According to Bund, the cashier, Mohammad Salim, was transferred to Ner Panchayat Samiti in the same capacity last month by Chief Executive Officer Naval Kishor Ram.Surprisingly, Salim, who was relieved from Arni and allowed to join at Ner, left the Arni office along with the keys of the office cupboard and did not turn up to hand over the official charges to anyone at Arni despite repeated reminders from the BDO, making the all important cashier's office almost defunct.This prompted BDO Chandrakant Bund to break open the cupboard in front of the staff.Bund was taken aback to find a number of cheques and demand drafts of various deductions, such as, Recurring Deposits (RD), Insurance, loan instalments, festival advance instalments etc from the monthly salary of the employees including the teachers. Cheques and DDs meant for beneficiaries of government sponsored schemes such as Gharkul and Farm Well, were also found.The cashier had deliberately held back these cheques and DDs for the period from 2005-06 to 2011-12, said sources. But the actual intention is yet to be ascertained.\"We are investigating the matter and the final report would be submitted to the higher authorities shortly,\" Bund said, adding that he had withheld annual increments twice earlier - one on October 13, 2010 and the other on December 26, 2011 on charges of dereliction of duty, but there was no improvement in the functioning of the controversial cashier.Surprisingly, the malpractice had been going on for the last seven years without being detected. Despite the annual audit by the Finance Department of Yavatmal Zilla Parishad, it remains a mystery as to why the department could not detect such a huge scam.As the news of the dumped cheques broke, people started thronging the panchayat samiti to know if they are also victims of the cashier's fraud.Some affected teachers have alleged that though they have lodged complaints with the Block Education Officer about the incident of missing of their RD accounts and insurance policy premium deductions, the BEO turned a blind eye to their complaints.When contacted, CEO Naval Kishor Ram pleaded ignorance of the incident and said that he would collect the information from the BDO and the guilty would be dealt with as per the law.A few years ago, a similar incident was unearthed in the office of the District Rehabilitation Officer where a number of cheques were found in the table drawer and cupboard of the office superintendent which were meant for the project-affected people in the district.The superintendent had even kept the duly signed cheques in his bag and insisted the beneficiaries to pay his tip for expediting the issue of the cheques. Though the matter was raked up by a project affected person, it was hushed up safely and the culprit escaped unhurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011857", "title": "Three fake cops arrested for threatening couple on Marina", "text": "CHENNAI: Three people, who had been threatening couples on Marina Beach posing as policemen, were arrested from Mylapore on Monday. The trio used to work in hotels in Mylapore in morning and go to the Marina in the evening to earn some quick buck from couples.Based on a complaint from Stephen Kennedy of Korrukupet, police arrested the trio - Kaleeshwaran, 32, of Puzhal, Arokkiyam, 43, of Washermenpet and Bharath, 24, of Mannady .Police said when Stephen was chatting with his friend on the beach, three men confronted them claiming themselves to be policemen attached to the Marina police station.They threatened to take them to the police station for their alleged \"indecent behaviour in public place\". When the couple refused they reportedly demanded money from them. Stephen who became suspicious of the trio's behaviour, alerted the control room who later informed the local police station. The trio tried to escape the spot sensing trouble, but some people chased and caught them. They were handed over to police.Interrogations revealed that they used to target lovers thronging the beach. They have reportedly targeted more than 12 couples.It may be recalled that three policemen have been suspended for allegedly threatening and taking bribes from couples on the Marina on May 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15015333", "title": "US regrets fisherman's killing, assures full probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The US ambassador to India, Nancy Powell, telephoned foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai on Tuesday morning to convey her regret for the loss of life and assured that the US government would conduct full investigation.This was after the US officially confirmed that a US navy ship Rappahannock fired shots at a fishing vessel near the port of Jebel Ali in Dubai.According to UAE officials, one Indian fisherman was killed in the firing incident and three other Indians were injured.Indian government sources said that the government was deeply saddened by the loss of life of the Indian fisherman and the injuries sustained by the others.\"Our Embassy in Washington DC has been in touch with the United States government since midnight IST yesterday. Our Embassy in Abu Dhabi is working with local authorities to carry out full investigation into the circumstances leading to this unfortunate and tragic incident,\" said sources.The acting consul general is in Jebel Ali to provide all necessary assistance, they added.Meanwhile, India has sought a report from its ambassador in the UAE on the killing of the fisherman.External affairs minister S M Krishna has sought a report on the incident from Indian ambassador to Dubai M K Lokesh apart from asking the government there to investigate the case, official sources said here.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15011974", "title": "BMC's property tax power to be tested in high court", "text": "MUMBAI: A third judge of the Bombay high court will hear the issue of whether the BMC can fix property tax on the basis of the steep market rents that are actually received by members of a cooperative housing society instead of the as compensation at steep market rent rates and not on standard rent.The matter is before a third judge after a two-judge HC bench gave a split verdict last September in the litigation, which has been pending since 2004, between the BMC and Dalamal Towers Premises CHS. The BMC said it was entitled to calculate the rateable value relying on market rent and had in early 2000 fixed value for Dalamal Towers as Rs 53 lakh. The matter is scheduled before Justice D Y Chandrachudwhose decision will be crucial for the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15010321", "title": "Saudi Arabia refuses to deport India's 'wanted'", "text": "KOCHI: Those who are wanted in criminal cases in India cannot be deported to India if no offence has been committed by them within the territory of Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , Saudi's ministry of foreign affairs has informed the Indian government.The Saudi government's stance on deportation was disclosed to the Kerala high court on Monday by assistant solicitor general (ASG) P Parameswaran Nair, based on a written communication from Faiz Ahabad Kidwaid, India's consul general in Jeddah.The question came up during a hearing regarding the deportation of a Malayali father who is wanted in a case related to the attack on his wife in Kerala and has illegally detained his two children in Jeddah.A division bench of the high court had earlier directed the central government to cancel the passport issued to Abdul Gafoor of Nilambur, who is presently residing at Irowa in Jeddah, and hand over the custody of the children illegally detained by Gafoor to Jumaila, the mother of the children.In the affidavit explaining the efforts undertaken to implement the high court's order, the ASG has submitted that the former consul of general India in Saudi Arabia met the director general of Saudi government's Ministry of Foreign Affairs twice and discussed the deportation of the children. After examining the case, the local interior ministry intimated that Gafoor could not be deported as he has not committed any criminal offence in Saudi.The central government's efforts to make Gafoor's employer to deport him also failed, the ASG told the court. When the central government's consuls for community welfare and labour met Gafoor's sponsor Mohamed Radwan, he told the officials that he had no problems with Gafoor and his employee's matrimonial dispute had nothing to do with his performance in the company. Therefore, there was no reason to deport Gafoor.The sponsor also told the consuls of the central government that he would be willing to deport Gafoor if he was directed to do so by the Saudi government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15011221", "title": "NGO plans to move HC over ashramshalas' plight", "text": "AMRAVATI: The snake bite incident in Gondia ashramshala has exposed the sorry state of affairs in the ashramshalas of state. The condition at Amravati ashramshalas is no different. Students are forced to live in pathetic conditions. The hostels are bereft of pure drinking water and proper toilets.Considering government's failure to improve conditions at ashramshalas, NGO Apeksha Homeo Society is all set file a public interest litigation (PIL) in high court seeking justice for the tribal students.Three students had died of snake bite in Makardhokda ashramshala in Gondia district. The condition in Melghat ashramshalas are even worse. TOI had highlighted the sorry state of affairs in Melghat ashramshalas on July 21. And the study conducted by Apeksha Homeo Society substantiated TOI reports that students were made to sleep on the floor, had not proper toilet facility, no security arrangements etc.\"We gave our report to all top officials in tribal development department but to no avail. Now, we have decided to file a PIL in the high court,\" said Dr Madhukar Gumbale, president of Apeksha. Gumbale said, \"Improper electrification at many schools is putting the lives of students at risk. The government appears to be in slumber.\"Bandya Sane of NGO Khoj said, \"Students have lost life due to snake bite and fever in last couple of years. The administration has failed to conduct regular medical check up of the students. Most of the ashramshalas are owned by politicians and the officials are scared to take action against them. There are hardly any students who have managed to pursue higher education. Most schools are short staffed and none of the schools have woman teacher to take care of the girl students.\"Additional tribal commissioner Varvantkar refused to make any comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15010657", "title": "Talk to Centre, govt tells KUSMA", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government on Monday talked tough to schools protesting against implementation of the 25% RTE quota.After a two-hour meeting with the Karnataka Unaided School Management Association (KUSMA), Kumar G Naik, principal secretary, primary and secondary education told TOI: \"If they go ahead with the strike, the government will be forced to take action and derecognize the member schools.\"The association on Monday decided to go ahead with the agitation, despite the strike turning out to be a flop on Day 1, as 90% of the member schools ignored the strike call. Most of the member schools remained open. \"We worked on Monday and will work for the rest of the week as well. These rules are given by the Supreme Court, and going on a strike will be a violation. No law is above the SC. We have decided not to be part of the strike,\" said the principal of a member school, on condition of anonymity.At the meeting held on Monday evening to discuss issues raised by KUSMA, the government asked the association to knock the right doors. \"We are open to talk about rules framed by the state government. But the association seems to be unhappy with rules framed by the Centre, and there is nothing much we can do. The association should approach the right people and discuss their problems with them,\" said Naik.The meeting, held at the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyana office, was adjourned after two hours and an unhappy KUSMA president was seen walking out. \"We are only asking for a law. This meeting has not served any purpose and we will continue with the strike,\" said GS Sharma, president, KUSMA.The association leaders said their decision to strike is completely justified. \"There is no law yet to define minority in Karnataka. The minority issue has become a mainstream issue now, thanks to RTE. There is no point going to court, as courts have no power to direct legislature to frame a law. It can be done by the state legislature and that's what we are demanding,\" said KV Dhananjay, legal adviser, KUSMA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "barmer/jaisalmer/jaipur", "code": "15010805", "title": "Jaswant Singh pride of Rajasthan: Raje", "text": "BARMER/JAISALMER/JAIPUR: Celebrations have already begun in Barmer district, the hometown of BJP leader Jaswant Singh, who was unanimously declared NDA candidate for the August 7 Vice-President election against UPA nominee Hamid Ansari , on Monday.Residents and supporters turned up in large numbers at the Barmer Circuit House to congratulate Singh's son and former MP from the area Manvendra Singh and offered him sweets and burst crackers. There was happiness in Jaisalmer district also where Singh's maternal grandparents reside in Kuhadi village. The locals were in high spirits at Rajasthan getting the second chance for the coveted post after BJP stalwart late Bhairon Singh Shekhawat was elected to the post 12 years ago in August 2002.In Jaipur, leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje asserted that Singh would win the election against Ansari. \"Jaswant Singh is the pride of Rajasthan,\" Raje said, addressing the BJP legislators and parliamentarians who gathered at the party headquarters to greet and extend support to NDA's presidential candidate PA Sangma. \"Just as late Bhairon Singhji brought honours to Rajasthan by occupying the vice-president's office, Jaswant Singhji, too, will bring laurels to the state,\" she said.Turning to Sangma, Raje asked him to seek votes for Singh also in the remaining campaign for the presidential elections. \"We are with you and getting you the support of independent legislators also, so you too please begin campaigning for Singh,\" Raje told Sangma.Reacting to his nomination, 74-year-old Jaswant Singh told reporters in Delhi, \"It is a matter of great respect that the NDA has unanimously chosen me as their candidate for the post of vice-president. It is a big responsibility and also a challenge.\"Speaking to reporters in Barmer, Singh's son said, \"My father has been giving his services in politics for the past more than 30 years. I am happy that he has been trusted for the big responsibility.\" Manvendra said he has already spoken to his MP friends and hoped that they would extend their support to his father. \"Apart from me, BJP leaders too are continuously in contact with other political parties for my father,\" Manvendra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011040", "title": "Court notice to Nagpur Municipal Corporation over land encroachment", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognizance of encroachment on open land in Netaji Nagar (Surana Layout), the high court here has served notices to municipal commissioner and deputy director town planning of NMC asking them to file their say within six weeks. HC also issued notice to Jatandevi Surana who had allegedly sold the open land meant for widening an existing 15ft road to 50ft to a builder.The builder had reportedly started construction of a multi-storey residential complex on the land. The court acted on a petition of Netaji Nagar Welfare Association. It stated that Surana Layout was spread over 7.03 acres. On November 4, 1972, the layout owner Jatandevi Surana and Sons entered into an agreement with NMC to develop the layout as per the sanctioned plan (dated August 27, 1971). It was made binding on the owner to provide civic amenities like internal sewage pipelines, roads, water supply, open space for park and garden etc.As per the agreement, plot owners paid entire amount for development work. However, in the last four decades, the layout owner did not execute any development work. That forced the plot owners to form a society to carry out works like water supply, electricity, maintenance of roads etc on their own. The petitioners said they had built their houses in view of availability of open spaces, but now there is no space even for the weekly market. The vegetable market is set up on Borgaon road.After four decades, Suranas resurfaced. They submitted a revised plan seeking to build upon proposed government road, nullah and a public utility land etc. A comparison between the original and revised plans reveals that a 15.5 meter road in the revised plan is shown by the side of plot number 6 and adjoining adjustment land. Actually it is only 15-20ft wide and is the busiest stretch in the area. It is the lifeline for adjacent colonies like Anant Nagar, Netaji Nagar, SBI Colony, Rathore Layout etc.The association stated that the town planning department officials had reportedly sanctioned the new revised plan even on nullahs. Similarly, PU land kept for school was too squeezed by the layout owner. Through their petition, the association prayed to the HC to direct the NMC's town planning department to conduct an independent survey of the layout to ascertain of open spaces as shown in original sanctioned plan in 1973. It also urged the HC to direct the NMC to stop any construction activity on open or public utility lands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15012727", "title": "Annal Gandhi Government Hospital in pathetic state, claims CPM", "text": "TRICHY: The CPM has alleged that the state-of-affairs at Annal Gandhi Government Hospital in Trichy is pathetic despite the state government announcing Rs 100 crore last August to improve the infrastructure. The party, which organised a protest fast from July 10 to 15 at Woraiyur, to highlight the plight of the 621-bed hospital, claimed that corruption, pregnant women lying on the floor and patients paying for every service had become the order of the day.The party, led by its district secretary Sridhar and city secretary K Vetriselvan gave a memorandum to the district collector Jayashree Muralidharan on Monday listing the woes existing at the hospital. The memorandum said that for want of enough beds, even people with complaints of fracture were made to lie on the floor and most of the available stretchers were used to transport cooking gas to the operation theatres.Vetriselvan said the hospital remained in a pathetic condition ever since the idea of converting it into a super specialty hospital on a par with AIIMS was mooted six years ago. He also charged that the hospital's floor had not been cleaned for years now.The hospital authorities also vetoed the idea of district secretary Sridhar's proposal to clean the premises with the help of members from the Democratic Student Federation of India. However, on July 12 the hospital was thoroughly washed ahead of the visit by a three-member team from the Medical Council of India. The team visited all the wards including the steam laundry, mortuary, kitchen and the blood bank, said resident medical officer Shiva Kumar.Responding to the CPM's charges, Kumar admitted that there was a severe shortage of sanitary workers. There were only 23 male and 26 workers and only half of them were available during one of the two shifts. \"There is a need for at least 100 sanitary workers, out of which a minimum of 45 are needed to assist the four major operation theatres (emergency, main, family planning and eye) during the day. In fact, there are six regular theatres operating within the main theatre where elective cases are referred. The other operation theatres get one worker each,\" admitted Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011157", "title": "Gandhi does a Kalam, thanks Mamata for support", "text": "KOLKATA: Former Bengal governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi on Monday followed former President APJ Abdul Kalam in sending a personal note of gratitude to chief minister Mamata Banerjee , after pulling himself out of the poll fray. Kalam was Mamata's preferred presidential candidate and Gandhi, her first choice for vice-president and both were turned down by the UPA.Gandhi wrote to express his \"sincere thanks\" for thinking and suggesting his name to her UPA partners for the vice-president's post. Like Kalam, Gandhi too praised Mamata, \"The consistency and steadfastness with which you have reposed trust in me, a non-political participant in our public life, has touched me. I see in it a reflection of the overwhelming affection which the people of West Bengal have extended to me, something which I shall always cherish and can never forget.\"Kalam, too, was similarly effusive and wrote to Mamata on June 19, \"During this short interaction, I saw in you, a great leadership quality of \"graceful politics\". Your firmness for a cause, honesty for the cause of the nation, particularly your courage and determination to sacrifice the golden political throne, is indeed graceful politics. This is indeed the need of the country. It is known that history is written only by courageous leaders.\"After UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , on Saturday, announced Vice-President Hamid Ansari for a second term, Gandhi said he wasn't a candidate for the VP post and extended his congratulations to Ansari. Union minister Mukul Roy had proposed Gandhi and Krishna Bose as possible candidates on behalf of Trinamool Congress which didn't find any favour within the UPA fold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012288", "title": "Bypass or angio: Family to decide", "text": "MUMBAI: Sources said that Thackeray Senior and the entire family would meet cardiologist Dr Matthew Samuel Kalarickal, who performed Monday's angiography (a procedure to determine the extent of heart disease) on Uddhav Thackeray, to discuss the next course of action. Incidentally, it was Dr Kalarickal who performed the angioplasty on the Sena patriarch three years ago.A final decision on whether Uddhav, who turns 52 on July 26, will undergo bypass surgery or opt for angioplasty will be taken by the family, the sources added. It is learned that Uddhav had gone to Lilavati Hospital on Thursday for a stress test but the results were not satisfactory. \"Hence, the doctors decided to call him on Monday morning for an angiography,\" said sources. The medical team comprised Dr Kalarickal and cardiologists Ajit Menon and Ajit Desai.But the news of his heart disease brought about what is being described as a political coup-the two estranged Thackeray cousins met each other for the first time in six years. Raj had quit all Sena posts in 2005 and in 2006 had launched the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS).\"Uddhavji is perfectly fine. The doctors have told us there is no need to panic. Given the fact that age is on his side and that his lifestyle is healthy, a decision on angiography or bypass can be taken in the course of time,\" a close relative said.News of Uddhav's hospitalization spread like wildfire across Mumbai and Shiv Sainiks rushed to hospital. Key party leaders, too, flocked to Lilavati Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012473", "title": "Revenue department approves land for brave P K Vineetha", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Decks have been cleared to allot land free of cost for the bereaving family of P K Vineetha, who died in a fire mishap in AMRI Hospital, Kolkata, on December 10, last year.The revenue department has completed all formalities to allot five cents of land at Kothanelloor village in Vaikom for the landless family of Vineetha, who had fought a valiant battle along with her colleague Ramya Rajan to save at least nine lives before both succumbed to the fire.The matter is expected to be placed before the next cabinet meeting which will take the final decision.\"The revenue department has done all possible things to clear the proposal. Now it is for the cabinet to take the final decision,\" said revenue minister Adoor Prakash.Vineetha and Ramya were conferred 'Kerala Abhiman award' by the TOI ahead of its Kerala launch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15011799", "title": "Hydel projects pose threat to vegetation, aquatic life in Kullu", "text": "MANALI: The impact of hundreds of hydroelectric projects being constructed in Himachal are are slowly but clearly becoming visible in the shape of vanishing aquatic life, depleting vegetation, water pollution, reducing irrigation water and livelihood of locals. The problem would deepen in the entire state in the near future, environmentalists have warned.Villagers in Kinnaur have been complaining drying up of traditional water sources, specially streams near under-construction hydel projects at Sainj, Manikaran valley and Jagatsukh areas. Residents of villages downstream the Jagatsukh river, which has been diverted to Prini river through a tunnel, said that reduced water in the river has left their canals useless, making vegetation along the riverside vanish fast.Similar to the situation in Kangra district, medium and small hydel projects are posing threat to fish and other aquatic life in Kullu, sources said. Most cold water brooks and rivers in Kullu district are rich with trout and other aquatic species, but the HP fisheries department has already issued NOC to 42 of the 58 proposed projects.Says Dinesh Sharma, an environmentalist, who has been observing the impact of arbitrary and unplanned setting up of hydel projects in Kullu, which are changing the ecology of the area, \"Water is being diverted from its natural course. Vegetation near water is diminishing and new breed of plants is replacing old varieties. Fish and other aquatic life, which thrive in big streams are either dying or are searching for new habitats.\"Sharma said he has been studying the effects of diversion of water from Duhangan river near Manali and found that the decrease in mass of water was not only causing a rise in water temperature but also increasing the temperature in its immediate atmosphere and also reducing humidity in the surroundings. \"Water temperature is increasing in the reservoirs and timings of rains have changed in the area,\" he added.According to Kishan Thakur, another environmentalist, tunneling and underground blasting for projects is affecting the centuries-old underground routes of water, the impact of which would become visible soon. \"Blasting causes cracks in earth and changes the course of underground water. Scared by the blasts, animals have already vacated nearby natural habitats. The only benefit from the projects is abundance of power, but it has many drawbacks, which are being manifested gradually.\"According to data, over 500 hydel projects have been allotted to government and private sector players in Himachal Pradesh. Till July 2011, about 271 projects had applied for no objection certificate from Himachal Pradesh fisheries department. Of these, only about half-a-dozen projects have been rejected, while over 230 projects have been given NOC while others were under consideration. In Kullu district, 58 projects had applied for NOC district whereas 57 projects are proposed in Shimla district. Promoters of the projects have deposited an amount of Rs 32.96 crore towards fisheries development funds with the fisheries department, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011788", "title": "Times NIE to organise quiz on Thursday", "text": "CHENNAI: Times NIE will be organising the 'Times NIE Fundamental Quiz July 2012,' on Thursday. Times NIE, the world's number one NIE program, assists students to use their potential to the fullest.Invitations for the quiz have been sent to principals of various schools in the city. The show will be hosted by renowned quiz master Giri \"Pickbrain\" Balasubramaniam. He is known for his sense of humor and unique quizzing methods.The quiz competition aims to provide students with a platform to explore fun- filled learning experience. The event will be held at Tapovan Hall, Chinmaya Heritage Centre, Chetpet from 11.30 am onwards.Times NIE in association with SKR Engineering College, Chennai is organising the quiz for the first time in Chennai. True to their dictum of crafting rational and intellectual engineers, the college envisages a silent knowledge revolution in terms of engineering education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15010332", "title": "Order reserved on Kazmi\u2019s plea against probe extension", "text": "A trial court on Monday reserved for Tuesday its order on the plea of journalist Syed Mohammad Kazmi, arrested in connection with the Israeli diplomat car bombing case, against a magisterial court order which had extended by 90 days the period for probe into the case. Additional sessions judge Surinder S Rathi reserved its order on plea by Kazmi, who is currently lodged in Tihar jail.Kazmi had moved the sessions court against chief metropolitan magistrate's order allowing the extension of probe period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15012757", "title": "Want healthy babies? Invite your mom-in-law to live next door", "text": "LONDON: Here is a break from the usual monster-in-law stories! According to a latest study, couples who live with their mother-in-law tend to have healthier offsprings. A Sheffield University study found that married couples with a mother-in-law living nearby have more babies. Records also show these children are less likely to die in infancy, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Although, the study revealed that grandfathers seem to have less impact on kids, Dr Virpi Lummaa who conducted the study said, \"That doesn't mean they don't do anything. It just doesn't translate into better survival of their grandchildren\". The study discussed at the Euroscience 2012 conference in Dublin, involved analysis of 300 years of church records, the most recent of which were from 2000.The data which was used to track births, marriages and deaths in farming communities in Finland , found that sons and daughters tend to marry younger if their mother was alive. They also had more children, and left smaller gaps between babies. Dr Lummaa proposed that as the influence was only evident when a mother-in-law lived nearby, the affected families probably benefited from an extra pair of hands, as well as the additional love and attention the children received.The study said there was little difference between maternal and paternal mothers-in-law , but previous research suggests that a mother's mother provides the greatest benefits. Age could be a factor here, as men tend to marry later than women, their mothers are also likely to be older.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014491", "title": "Saadi Wakhri Hai Shaan upcoming Punjabi movie", "text": "Saadi Wakhri Hai Shaan is an upcoming Punjabi movie. The star cast includes Sangram Singh, Mandy Takhar, Binnu Dhillon, Shivendra Mahal, Rana Ranbir, Gurpreet Ratol, Harpal Singh , Mannu Sandhu, Tarsinder Thind, Vicky Mangat, Anita Meet, Dharminder Grewal, Abhiroy Cheema and Amrik Mangat. The movie will be released under the banner of Vibgyor Creations.Saadi Wakhri Hai Shaan is directed by Gurbir Singh Grewal. The movie is produced by Inder Roop Ghuman, Sukhpal Singh Mangat and Bikramjit Singh Gill. Music has been produced by Dilpreet Bhatia. Story and screenplay are written by Inder Roop Singh Ghuman.Songs of Saadi Wakhri Hai Shaan are expected to have a real variety when there are voices like of Nachhattar Gill, Master Saleem, Feroze Khan and more.Mandy Takhar who has already won so many fans for her acting and for her beauty, will be seen in her third Punjabi movie after Ekam - The Son Of Soil and Mirza - The Untold Story . She will be keeping so many hopes frm Saadi Wakhri Hai Shaan . The movie is expected to release later this year.Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15012626", "title": "51km jam: Olympians stall London", "text": "LONDON: Utter chaos prevailed on London's streets on Monday as athletes started arriving for the upcoming Olympics, with a 51km long traffic jam hitting traffic and logistic problems forcing some of them to take an unintentional 'tour' of the city.The Olympics are set to begin from July 27 and the period is being described as Britain's biggest peacetime transport challenge, as contingents from 50 countries camp in the city. A 51km long traffic jam on an arterial motorway into London was reported as special lanes and vehicles transporting athletes and officials came into operation on Monday, affecting normal traffic.The first of the teams \u2014 Russia , Australia, Italy, China \u2014 arrived amidst reports that many athletes and officials had to make circuitous routes around London because untrained bus drivers lost their way en route to the Olympic Park in Stratford.Two buses containing Americans and Australians were reportedly lost, one for four hours, the other three hours this morning , even though their route was supposed to be fast-tracked by the implementation of the Olympic lane on the M4 motorway.As the Daily Telegraph termed it 'London 2012 Olympics travel chaos' , a spokeswoman for the organizing committee said: \"We will do over 100 bus journeys today. It is day one and we have only had one or two issues where journeys have taken longer than planned. The vast majority of journeys have been fine.\"Hugh Robertson , the sports and olympics minister, apologized to athletes who were caught up in the transport problems. London mayor Boris Johnson made light of the road problems by saying: \"If they (athletes, officials) took four hours then they will have seen far more of the city than they might otherwise have done.\" Heathrow was expecting to process as many as 236,955 passengers on Monday , which would surpass its previous record of 233,562 set on July 31 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15012589", "title": "'Move to hike diesel, cooking gas prices Centre's conspiracy'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: CPI ML New Democracy has condemned the Centre's proposed move to hike diesel and cooking gas prices after the Presidential election and has labeled it as a 'conspiracy' against the people, said secretary, CPI ML New Democracy UP Committee Ashish Mital.The party has called upon the people to prepare for a determined struggle against the Centre's move as no ruling class party, be it BJP , SP, BSP, CPI, CPM will honestly take upon itself the task of defending the people against the government.Recent petrol price by the government is based on a completely false logic presented by oil companies and the government. Prices of petrol, diesel, cooking gas are being hiked to privatize the sector and to make this business profitable for the MNCs and their Indian partners.That is why both the oil companies and FIkeep demanding freedom to jack up prices of these commodities at will, he said.Petrol prices in India stand today at around 72 to 76 per litre while petrol is being sold in Karachi, Pakistan for Rs 44.49, Beijing, China for Rs 48.05, Colombo Srilanka for Rs 53.85, Dakha, Bangladesh for Rs 48.07 and New York for Rs 44.44 per litre respectively. All countries import crude from international markets. India too imports 80% of its requirement. Government taxes constitute about 50% of the cost of petrol with Central Excise Duty being Rs 14.78 and state government taxes are in the range of Rs 16+, Mital said.Total central government tax collections from petroleum products in the year 2010-2011 was Rs 1,36,497 crores, for the state governments it was Rs 88,997 crores which totals to Rs 2,25,494 crores.Of this the government subsidy to public sector oil companies was only Rs 68,481 crores.They posted annual profits of Rs 10,531 crores decreasing the subsidy \"burden\" to Rs 57,950 crores.Thus the governments earned more than Rs 1,67,544 crores as net tax income from petroleum products, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012067", "title": "Hip dysplasia surgery performed on 18-year-old", "text": "PUNE: A team of doctors from Pune recently carried out total hip replacement surgery on an 18-year-old girl from Yemen suffering from a rare birth defect, wherein her left hip bone had not developed and her hip had no cup (socket) since birth.Congenital hip dysplasia or dislocation is seen in newborn infants wherein the hip is out of joint at birth. If this is detected at birth, the treatment is a special restraining splint for the legs which keeps the hip in joint.If the condition is completely missed or if the initial treatment is not successful, the child grows up with a dislocated hip. This causes a shorter leg with limited movements and pain.The treatment in adults with asymptomatic congenital dislocation of the hip is a total hip replacement and sometimes even a fusion of the hip joint (arthrodesis).\"A total hip replacement in this situation is potentially a very complicated operation because often there is severe shortening of the leg, the socket is flat and the bones are not well developed. Also, the muscles around the hip are not functioning normally because there is essentially no hip joint,\" said orthopaedic and joint replacement surgeon Murtaza Adeeb, who carried out the surgery on the girl at Inamdar Hospital on June 27. The girl was discharged after a complete recovery on July 4.Surgery for this condition is carried out at very specialised hospitals around the world because of the required technical skills and the specialised instruments need, he added.\"The girl had undergone two resconstructive operations in the past without much success. Her affected leg was approximately 5-6 cm shorter and she walked with a very obvious limp,\" said Adeeb. \"After the surgery, the girl has a brand new hip. Her leg is now the correct length and she can walk normally.\"Asked why the girl had decided to come to Pune to fix the birth defect, Adeeb said, \"There are lot of Yemeni students studying in Pune. The girl came to Pune through reference from them. Besides, Pune has emerged as a recognised centre for complicated surgery and people from foreign countries routinely come for treatment here.\"The girl was admitted to the Inamdar Hospital on June 25. \"Her X-rays revealed a very flat cup (acetabulum) and a very thin thigh bone (femur). Further investigations included a CT scan to get the exact measurements of the bony structure in order to get the appropriate instruments and implants,\" said Adeeb.The surgery involved identifying the area where the hip socket should be. The doctors did this by careful dissection of soft tissues surrounding the hip joint. They also used intra-operative X-rays to identify margins of the missing hip socket.\"Once we identified the area for the socket, we started preparing the socket by gently reaming the bone and we created the socket using the reamers. After reconstructing the bone socket, which had never developed since childhood, we put a metal cup in the reconstructed socket,\" said Adeeb.Then doctors addressed the femur bone. \"Here we had to partially cut soft tissues around the femur to bring it down to the level of the newly-constructed socket. We then had to prepare the femur which involves preparing the passage to receive the femoral components which is composed of a stem and a ball that sits on the stem.Since the girl had a congenital defect, the femur was very narrow and a special stem had to be ordered to fit her size. After preparing the femur, we fixed the femural stem and put the ball into the socket, thereby creating a new hip joint,\" said Adeeb, who was assisted in the surgery by orthopaedic surgeon Manoj Todkar.Congenital dysplasia of the hip is a dislocation of the hip joint that is present at birth. The condition is found in babies or young children.\"This condition is seen in newborn infants wherein the hip is out of the joint at birth. The basic problem is that the cup part of the hip joint [acetabulum] is not well rounded and is flat and this causes the hip to dislocate out of the joint. If this is detected at birth, the treatment is a special restraining splint for the legs which keeps the hip in joint,\" Adeeb said.Elaborating, he said, \"This splint has to be worn by the baby for at least one year. If the condition is missed at birth, various operations can be done to try and reduce the hip back in while the child is still very young. If the condition is completely missed or if the initial treatment is not successful, the child grows up with a dislocated hip. This causes a shorter leg with limited movements and pain,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011948", "title": "Making a thriller debut", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Preeti Singh, a city-based freelance writer, launched her book \" Flirting with fate\", a crime thriller, at CII, Sector 31.A graduate from MCM DAV college, Preeti took five years to complete the work. \"Earlier, I used to think that I could write only romantic poems and not a thriller. But then I decided to give it a shot as the city does not have its own crime thrillers,\" she said.\"I have dedicated the book to my mother. My mother and Kiran Bedi are my role models, as both of them have always fought for truth and justice,\" added Preeti, who has a masters degree in journalism and mass communication from IGNOU.\"Getting the book published was no cakewalk, as its theme is set in the 80's, when there were no laptops and mobile phones, but only Fiat cars and Doordarshan. It has been written in a simple language and I have edited it many a time,\" she smiled.The work has some real-life characters too. \"My daughter's friends and my dog too find a mention in it.\"She has been approached by a film maker to make a movie on the story, but she first wanted readers to accept her work, added Preeti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010993", "title": "Assam Police to Centre: TV journo, cameraperson orchestrated Guwahati molestation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Assam government on Monday informed the Centre that the molestation of a girl in Guwahati was done allegedly at the behest of a TV journalist, who appeared to have orchestrated it with the help of the main accused for making a video.Sharing this with Union home secretary R K Singh, the state police chief Jayanto N Choudhury is learnt to have told him that the Assam Police will soon question the journalist and a cameraperson of a Guwahati-based news channel, who had video-graphed the molestation of the girl.\"If any culpability is found, they will be arrested,\" a source said, referring to a report of the Assam Police to the home ministry.Sources here said the state government has told the ministry that police was suspecting that TV journalist Gaurav Jyoti Neog might have orchestrated the molestation of the girl by instigating the mob as the prime accused Amar Jyoti Kalita, who is absconding, was reported to be his friend.Police are likely to ask Neog and the cameraperson about their presence at the spot and what they did to stop the attack on the girl.In the report to the ministry, the state government gave an elaborate description of the incident and promised complete overhaul of Guwahati Police that received flak for alleged delay in taking prompt action to stop the crime and in arresting the culprits.So far, seven people have been arrested in the incident, which occurred on July 9 in the city's busy Christian Basti area on G S Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012251", "title": "School buses may join truckers' stir from tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: School bus operators are likely to join truckers in their indefinite strike to protest against the compulsory use of speed governors that will cut down on the vehicles' speed. From Wednesday, more than 80% school buses, along with 15 lakh truckers in the state, are likely to stay off roads in Mumbai, Thane and Navi MumbaiSchool bus operators are likely to join more than 15 lakh Maharashtra truckers, who have threatened an indefinite strike from Wednesday to oppose the compulsory use of speed governors. More than 80 per cent school buses are likely to stay off the roads in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai from Wednesday.\"The RTO is denying a clearance even to new buses, which have all the necessary safety regulations in place. We are being harassed for no reason, so we have decided to join the protest,\" said Anil Garg, president of School Bus Owners' Association. He added the strike was originally supposed to start on Tuesday but had been postponed by a day so that all schools and parents could be informed about it.Though a source said the final talks with the transporters' associations would take place on Tuesday when the strike could be called off, president of All India Motor Transport Congress Bal Malkit Singh maintained they were determined to stage the protest. \"Our discussion with state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma and transport commissioner V N More yielded no satisfactory results and so, we will go ahead with the indefinite agitation,\" Singh said.He said trucks from outside will not be allowed to enter the state. \"As a result, it will affect not only the supply of essential goods, but also the state's economy,\" he said. Supply of petrol, diesel, kerosene, milk, fruits, vegetables, construction material and LPG are likely to be hit. Stating their condition, Singh said, \"The state should withdraw the notification that speed governors must be installed on tourist buses from September 1 and on trucks/heavy goods vehicles from November 1 or defer it by six months. Otherwise, we will not call off the strike.\"With Maharashtra being one of the few states to enforce the speed governor rule, vehicles here may lose out to those from other places, fear transporters. be at a competitive disadvantage compared to vehicles from neighbouring states if governors are introduced.\"If governors cut the average speed by 50%, the time to deliver goods will rise,\" Singh said, adding it escalate operating costs.Said Singh, \"The government will not compensate truckers for the losses nor will the customers (manufacturers) since trucks belonging to Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh or Tamil Nadu can zoom on the same road at twice the speed and deliver goods on time.\" The transporters apprehend that some of them will have to shut shop as customers will gradually shift to non-Maharashtra trucks.(with inputs from Shreya Bhandary)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15012600", "title": "Soon, coins to pop up at railway stations", "text": "ALLAHABAD: It is generally seen that passengers have to face problems when they do not have the change to give to the reservation clerk for getting the tickets. The railway administration has, therefore, decided to install Coin Vending Machines (CVMs) at stations. The Railway Board has issued guidelines for the same to railway stations. Installation of CVMs would now help passengers as they would now get the required number of coins by dropping the currency into the machine. The CVM would pop up the coins in accordance with the currency notes put into the machine.In this connection, deputy director traffic (G)-II in the Railway Board RC Pandey has written to all chief commercial managers of Indian Railways including North Central Railway to take steps for implementation of instructions. The number of the letter is 2008/TGIV/10/Coin Vending Machines.In the letter, it has been written that all the public sector banks will be permitted to install Coin Vending Machines (CVMs) at the railway booking offices. First choice could be given to the State Bank of India followed by other public sector banks on first-cum-first served basis.Indian Railways shall provide space for installation of the Coin Vending Machines on nominal one time licence fee of Rs1. Electricity will be provided free of cost. Electrical wiring from the nearest main supply point to the machine duly protected by MCB should be drawn by the service provider. The permission may be given to install these machines for a period of three years.The bank shall install the machines at the locations identified by the respective railway divisions.Total number of vending machines should be restricted to a maximum of four at each booking office in A-1 category stations and a maximum of 2 at each booking office at other category of stations.However, the bank will maintain the machines at their own cost.The bank will also ensure that the requisite amount of coins is available in machines at all the times.The bank will also indicate the name of the manager who will be contacted in case of shortage of change and requirement of maintenance.No advertisements on the machines will be permitted except the name and logo of the bank. Positioning of the machines should be such that they do not hinder the movement of the passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012368", "title": "Corporation to initiate attachment procedures against Infosys", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation is planning to initiate attachment procedures against software giant Infosys after the company officials have refused to pay the tax dues for its two buildings near Akkulam. The corporation has directed revenue officials to go ahead with the procedures within a week if the company does not express its willingness to clear the dues.The corporation had earlier issued two notices to Infosys demanding tax arrears worth around Rs 40 lakh. However, the company conveyed to the corporation that Infosys has been exempted from paying tax and that the corporation cannot demand tax from the company.The corporation officials had asked the company to produce any valid government order which exempts the company from paying tax. \"Every time we demanded tax, they would cite the government order. They are yet to produce it and as far as we know, there has never been any such government order. We have already served two notices and we will surely proceed to attachment within a week unless Infosys clears the dues,\" said P Shyam Kumar, chairman, tax appeal standing committee.About 20 other companies were also issued demand notices by the corporation. The civic body had conducted meetings with each of them and had re-assessed their tax liabilities, based on their appeals. \"Some of the companies even got the tax reduced by 20-30% after they filed appeal petitions. Infosys has remained so unbending and we cannot afford to lose such a huge sum in terms of tax. The corporation cannot make exceptions for one company, especially when others have co-operated with us. The Kerala Municipality Act empowers the corporation to attach properties of tax defaulters and the corporation has decided to go for it,\" said deputy mayor G Happy Kumar.It is learnt that the officials of Infosys have already contacted the revenue section and assured the officials that the government order will be produced within one week. \"We have been told that they will produce the government order and other documents testifying their exemption from paying building tax within a week. If that does not happen, the ruling council has directed us to go for attachment formalities,\" a revenue official said.The corporation had earlier issued two notices to Infosys demanding tax arrears worth around Rs 40 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014812", "title": "Charlie Sheen tweeted during sex, says ex!", "text": "Charlie Sheen's ex-girlfriend has revealed that the actor used to send brief messages to his fans while having sex with her.Bree Olson has decided to reveal the secret in form of lyrics of her new song 'Hollywood Douchebag'\"Charlie discovered Twitter when we started dating, so we had some funny experiences. I thought of him when I wrote that lyric. Yes , he would tweet in bed,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling New York Post .However, Olson, who dated 'Anger Management' star between January and April 2011, insists that she wasn't offended by the actor's antics.\"He was really excited about twitter. I wasn't offended by it at all.\"I thought it was more funny than anything,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011371", "title": "Congress welcomes resumption of cricket with Pak, BJP muted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday defended the resumption of cricketing ties with Pakistan, rejecting the criticism that it marked a dilution of India's stand against Pakistan-sponsored terrorist groups.Even as the BJP came up with a \"middle-of-the-road\" reaction to BCCI's decision to host Pakistan, Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari said, \"We have been reiterating that politics and sports should not be mixed. As far as Pakistan is concerned, we have been continuously making our point clear that it is the duty of Pakistan to take action against the perpetrators of terrorist activities emanating from the soil of Pakistan. So, on one hand, we do make a distinction between sports and politics but we don't hesitate to discharge our responsibility towards the nation.\"Early on, BJP had reacted to the agreement between BCCI and its Pakistani counterpart by lodging a strong protest against Islamabad's failure to act against 26/11 perpetrators and other terrorists, but without opposing the restoration of cricketing ties.\"The two countries have had cricket contacts. So if we play a new series, the moot question will be whether it will lead to an overall improvement of ties. The larger area of concern is Pakistan's brazen refusal to stop supporting anti-India terrorists. The refusal of the new high commissioner of Pakistan to even acknowledge the role of ISI and Abu Jundal in 26/11 has clearly illustrated intent. The re-start of cricket ties against such a backdrop can be hardly reassuring,\" party spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad said.The party's response sounded mild in contrast to the aggressive reaction of fellow Sangh Parivar affiliate, Vishwa Hindu Parishad, as well as NDA partner Shiv Sena. Both the saffron hardline outfits came down hard on the decision. In fact, Sena's stand, which appears to be shared by many others in Maharashtra because of Pakistan's refusal to punish the 26/11 perpetrators, is seen as the reason why cricket-crazy Mumbai is not included among venues for the series.It also showed the BJP's desire not to appear as killjoys for cricket lovers, something that is underscored by the selection of Ahmedabad in Narendra Modi-ruled Gujarat as the venue for one of the two T-20 games.According to BCCI sources, selection of venues was done in consultation with the home ministry. Sources said BCCI vice-president and minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla discussed security arrangements for the coming series with home minister P Chidambaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "15011573", "title": "Dalit woman succumbs to assault injuries", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A dalit woman, who was battling for life after being allegedly attacked by some villagers at Manjarajpur in Jagatsinghpur district on June 14, succumbed to her injuries at SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack on Monday.Doctors said the 30-year-old victim, Sasmita Mallick, had suffered serious injuries on her head and other parts of the body. She had been kept in the ICU for the past one week, the doctors added.\"The deceased's husband, Satyananda Mallick, lodged a complaint against five persons, alleging that they had attacked his wife with iron rods after she objected to some villagers defecating on their field. The complainant identified the accused as Rabi Mallick, Pabitra Mallick, Netrananda Mallick, Chabindra Mallick and Gangadhar Mallick,\" said officer in-charge (Kujang police station) Gupteswar Bhoi.Sasmita was first admitted to the community health center at Kujang. She was later shifted to the orthopedic department at SCB after her condition deteriorated. Two weeks ago, the Odisha Human Rights Commission had directed the Jagatsinghpur SP to submit a detailed report on the case. The OHRC chairman had also directed the head of the orthopedic department at SCB to submit a report on the woman's treatment.The victim woman's husband has alleged that some politicians and policemen were trying to shield the accused persons. The Kujang OIC, however, denied lapses in the police investigation the allegations and stated that all the accused have been arrested. \"We had booked them under several sections earlier. But after the woman's death, we have also charged them with murder,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011326", "title": "Denied meeting with Didi, man hits staffer with hammer", "text": "KOLKATA: A 55-year-old man was arrested Animesh Mishra, a 55 year old person was arrested for hitting a staffer of the chief minister's office on the head with a hammer on his head inside Writers Buildings on Monday. Animesh Mishra, suspected to be a man with learning disabilities, was immediately nabbed and taken to Lalbazar police headquarters.Around 4:10pm, Mishra, a resident of Krishnagar, reached came at Writers' Buildings around 4.10pm and went straight to the public grievance cell on the ground floor. According to other CMO staffers, who were working at the place, Mishra approached Alok Saha and told him that he wanted to meet Mamata Banerjee . came and said that he wanted to meet the chief minister.He also handed over a letter to Alok Saha, who was busy typing a letter one of the staff who was typing at that moment. Mishra wouldn't budge. He stood near Saha's table and kept insisting that insisted him that he wanted to meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee.When Saha reportedly told him that there was formal method to go about the entire process and Mishra would first have to get an appointment, the man Mishra suddenly went berserk, without being provoked by anybody and brought out a hammer from his bag and banged it hard on Saha's head. The attack was unforeseen as there was no provocation on part of Saha. The victim, who was bleeding profusely, was rushed to the Calcutta Medical College and Hospital and Mishra was immediately nabbed by the Writers Buildings security staff.After being grilled by police, Mishra reportedly said that he had been coming to Writers' Buildings since 2006. to tell his plight.He complained that his land was taken over by land goons during the previous Left Front regimerun government's tenure . He had expected and hoped that After the new Trinamool government was formed, he had expected that things would change. But neither has anything been done so far, nor has he been able to and that the government will hear his plight but he could not meet the chief minister and nothing has been done so far. Police will interrogate him further to know more about the matter. Apparently Mishra is believed to be mentally deranged and the police will conduct further interogation to know more on the matter.Following the incident, security checks will further beefed up be more tightened at Writers' Buildings. Until now, the public grievance cell on the ground floor did not have any security check and there was no X-ray machine or scanner for checking the visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15012061", "title": "Soon, Met\u2019s three-hour updates via \u2018Nowcasts\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Scientific instruments and physics form the basics of weather forecasting, and with time, these techniques have matured, giving us better results. Next time you are out in the bad weather, be sure to carry your radio along. The meteorological department may provide three-hour updates on weather variations possible in your area.For this, the department had installed a Doppler radar in Patiala that would send an hourly forecast, especially the extreme weather conditions, using \"Nowcasts\", a term made for the purpose.Assistant agro-meteorologist in PAU, Kulwinder Kaur Gill, who is one of the project functionaries, said: \"The radar was installed last year in August or September after floods had hit the area.\"She explained, \"Through 'Nowcasting', we can forecast hourly weather conditions. Quick forecast can help prevent damages due to natural hazards. The meteorological department can quickly alert the district administration which in turn can make use of broadcasting services such as radio and television.\"\"We also do short, medium and long-range forecasting in the university. The short range forecasting is often for public and agricultural purpose and the weather is forecast for the next 24-48 hours. Medium range is meant only for agricultural use and weather is forecast for 3-5 days,\" she said.Gill said, \"Weather parameters like temperature, rainfall, sunshine, relative humidity are forecast, whereas 'Nowcasting' focuses on adverse conditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15012740", "title": "Hostel wardens arrested for attacking students", "text": "MADURAI: Two hostel wardens of a private school were arrested by the police for brutally attacking five students after they suspected them of stealing a mobile phone belonging to one of the wardens. The incident occurred at a private school run by the Muslim Trust in Surya Nagar, which also runs a hostel-cum-orphanage.On Friday night, hostel wardens Ahmed Kabir (26) and Mohammed Hussain (29) found that one of their cell phones was missing. They suspected five 10 standard students from the hostel and called them for an enquiry. Police said that beat the students black and blue with whatever they managed to get in their hands. Unable to tolerate any further torture, the students ran away from the hostel and managed to reach the Periyar Bus stand on Saturday morning, in an attempt to flee the place.Meanwhile, the wardens alerted one of their friends, one Syed from the locality to track the boys and bring them back to the hostel. Syed found the boys in the bus stand and was chasing them when the city police personnel stationed there found the strange scene and caught hold of the boys. After inquiry, the police handed over the boys to Anna Nagar assistant commissioner, S Velladurai as the school and hostel is located in Surya Nagar. He took custody of the boys and realised that they were attacked brutally and admitted them to the Government Rajaji Hospital.Velladurai said that he was shocked by the manner in which the boys were attacked. \"It appears the wardens caned the boys the entire night on Friday and they even went to the extent of trampling them on their chests to get details about the lost mobile. When I demanded an explanation, those wardens said that the children are orphans and they are taking care of them. I was shocked by their indifference,\" he said. As the hostel falls in Appan Tirupathi police limits, the case was referred to the station and they have filed a complaint in this regard, Velladurai said.Madurai SP, V Balakrishnan, who visited the boys in the hospital said that the boys were caned severely and sustained injuries. \"We have arrested the hostel wardens and remanded them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15015236", "title": "Meat Hygiene wing destroys 6 quintal fish in Ludhiana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Meat Hygiene wing, Medical officer of health, Municipal Corporation Chandigarh conducted a joint surprise inspection of unauthorized fish shops/rehries in Hallomajra, sector 47, Colony No.5, Sector 43 areas with Enforcement wing of Municipal Corporation.During the inspection 6 quintal fish was found unfit for human consumption as it was openly exposed to dust and fly's being sold in open in these areas. So all this fish was seized and destroyed. Their equipments used in fish selling were seized under various violations of MC Regulation for sale of meat, fish and poultry bye laws amendment, 2010 and 10 rehries, table tops and other encroachments were removed and impounded by the enforcement wing of MCC.The inspection was held under the directions of VP Singh, Commissioner of the MCC which was supervised by Lalit Siwach, Additional Commissioner and assisted by MS Kamboj, Superintendent Slaughter House, MC and Enforcement Inspector Kashmira Singh and other staff with sufficient police force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15010818", "title": "Jain leader asks community to condemn female feticide", "text": "AJMER: In the wake of rising incidents of female feticide in the state, Jain spiritual leaders have now come forward to condone the act and appealed to the community to shun the practice.A couple of days ago, khap mahapanchayat, known for following medieval customs, also condemned killing female fetuses and said murder charges would be slapped on those found guilty.Jain saint Vishudh Sager appealed to other religious leaders to come together and build a common platform to check the evil practice. Calling the act of killing the girl child inhuman, he said, \"Non-violence in not only the base of Jain religion but is preached by all religions and was even advocated by Mahatma Gandhi .\"Addressing a gathering at Ajmer on 'Chaturmas', Muni Sager said, \"Girls have a right to live. It is not only our duty but also our religion to ensure that no girl is denied the right.\"He further said that this is one issue that he will take up at every gathering to drive home the message that killing a girl child is against religion. \"In the desire for a boy, mothers are killing girls in their womb which is a sin,\" he said.\"It is my duty to create awareness in the community and the society at large against female feticide.\"Talking to media, Muni said that it is the duty of a religion to spread awareness against sins and without discretion of caste and creed he has started this movement.\"No religion allows killing a girl in the womb. When there is non-violence, there is harmony and prosperity. It is the duty of every human to respect the right to live of every creature on this planet,\" he said.Meanwhile speaking in a gathering in Chota Dhara of Nasiya Muni Prasan Sager said that performing duty is the right religion an non-violence in the duty of each person. Addressing the dhrama sabha muni asked devotees to follow our culture.They took initiation to teach foeticide as evil in series of gathering of 'chaturmas'.Muni Sager came to Ajmer to speak in several chaturmas gatherings, talking on the issue of his speech in Pasharvnath Digamber Jaiswal temple of Naka Madar, he said that,These chaturmas went for four months mostly during rains, when saints do not prefer to travel and make a stay in some places to give speech to gatherings. Thousands of devotees come to hear these saints, as Ajmer is the main seat of Jain sect; therefore a message from here becomes important for the community. It is to be noted that Jain sect is in majority in Rajasthan and mostly leading business sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011540", "title": "HC upholds life-term to Amarmani, wife for Madhumita's murder", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttarakhand High Court on Monday upheld the life-imprisonment to former UP minister Amarmani Tripathi, his wife, and two others, in the poetess Madhumita Shukla murder case. A division bench of the High Court comprising Chief Justice Barin Ghosh and Justice Umesh Chandra Dhyani also awarded life imprisonment to Prakash Chandra Pandey, Amarmani's aide, who was earlier let off by the Dehradun CBI court for want of evidence.\"The court said no relief could be granted to Amarmani or any other convict since their role in Madhumita Shukla's murder has been proved by the CBI,\" said Virendra Singh Adhikari, counsel for Nidhi Shukla, Madhumita's sister. The court also directed the trial court to take Pandey into immediate custody.Amarmani Tripathi, his wife Madhumani, and two others, nephew Rohit Chaturvedi and one Santosh Kumar Rai, were sentenced to life imprisonment by a Dehradun court in 2007 for conspiring to kill Madhumita in Lucknow in May 2003. A DNA test revealed she was pregnant with Tripathi's child at the time of murder.The ruling is a major setback for Tripathi who was planning to contest the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. Tripathi has been fair-weather friend of nearly all major political parties in Uttar Pradesh including the Samajwadi Party, Bahujan Samaj Party and Bharatiya Janata Party. He has been a minister in three different regimes. When Madhumita was killed on May 9, 2003, Amarmani was a minister in the Mayawati cabinet. Of late, he has been in closer contact with SP.In 2003, Mulayam had called Amarmani a killer at a rally in Lakhimpur and repeated this on the floor of the House when Amarmani was a minister in the Mayawati cabinet. Once Mayawati shooed Amarmani out of her party, SP came out in his support. Their bonhomie continues. SP even fielded Amarmani from Maharajganj in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections and his son Aman Mani in the 2012 assembly elections from Nautanwa, but they lost.Madhumita was shot dead at her Paper Mill Colony residence in Mahanagar area of the Lucknow on May 9, 2003. After her family members accused Tripathi of the murder, media coverage and political pressure prompted the government to order a CBI probe. The SC directed the trial to be shifted to Dehradun due to alleged political pressure on the investigators to influence the probe in 2008.The CBI held Amarmani, his wife Madhumani, nephew Rohit Chaturvedi and associates Santosh Rai and Prakash Pandey as accused. In 2007, a Dehradun trial court slapped life sentence on them, barring Pandey, who was let off for want of evidence. The accused then moved the Uttarakhand HC for relief.Madhumita's family members said they would appeal to the Supreme Court for the death sentence to Amarmani. \"The fact that the High Court has held Prakash Pandey guilty and sentenced him for life only reaffirms our faith in the judiciary,\" said Nidhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15010994", "title": "Nikhil Pal, Sherwin Quadros impress in MSSA opener", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Schools Sports Association-conducted Under-16 Division I campaign began at the Azad Maidan on Monday. And after defending champions Don Bosco, Matunga played out a goalless draw against Cooperage rivals Campion and St Francis D'Assisi completed a comprehensive 3-0 win over Mahim side Bombay Scottish, the last match scheduled for the day -- between St Joseph, Wadala and St Dominic Savio, Andheri, saw two youngsters shine.Their brand of football was eye-pleasing. With some deft touches, smart through balls, brilliant game sense and some long--range efforts, the Dominic Savio duo of Nikhil Pal and Sherwin Quadros clearly were the best footballers on the opening day with the two scoring a goal each in their team's 2-0 win.\"We play with seniors in our society (Thakshila in Andheri),\" informs Pal, who slotted home neatly from the spot early in the second half against his Wadala rivals. \"Thaksila United play in the first division of the Mumbai District Football Association-conducted leagues,\" buts in Quadros. And then both almost unanimously assert that playing with seniors has given them that extra edge in terms of game sense and its smart application thereafter.Sure, the duo have set extremely high standards for themselves in this year's (their last) inter-school competition. For, Quadros, who scored from a long-range effort, his team's second, was not even happy with his effort. \"It was a lame shot, didn't have any power. And it still found the net. I think I can do better than that effort,\" he says.Other Results: St Francis D'Assisi 'A' 3 (Danny John 2, Kamlesh Sonawene 1) Beat Bombay Scottish 'A' 0; Don Bosco 0 drew with Campion 0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "15011875", "title": "Farmers ransack, lock up mini secretariat in Haryana", "text": "REWARI: The farmers' agitation against land acquisition by the state government turned violent in Rewari on Monday as the protesters ransacked the mini-secretariat here, which houses several government offices including that of deputy commissioner and superintendent of police. The agitators also locked the main gates for around five hours, forcing government staff, including senior officials, to stay put inside.Police had to resort to lathicharge to disperse the mob, which resorted to stone pelting in retaliation. Around 10 farmers, including a woman, identified as Rameshwari Devi, were injured in the clash. The woman has been referred to a hospital in Delhi, while another farmer was taken to PGIMS at Rohtak.Rewari superintendent of police, Abhishek Garg, said that the situation had eased by evening as the protesters dispersed and police force deployed in strength at the spot.\"The clash resulted in injuries to some persons on both sides. Some cops and farmers were admitted to various hospitals with injuries. We are in the process of registering an FIR against the protesters\", Garg told TOI.The farmers had served an ultimatum to the state government on June 20, demanding to withdraw the decision to acquire their land and threatened to intensify the agitation. They had been staging a peaceful dharna at the mini-secretariat here since then.The protesters had decided to meet the deputy commissioner after their ultimatum ended on Monday morning and accordingly tried to meet him. Police force, which was deployed apprehending violence, however, tried to stop them from entering the mini-secretariat, which resulted in the clash, sources said.Farmer leader Ram Kishan told mediapersons that the state government had served notices to residents of these villages to acquire about 100 acres of land for setting up industries. \"The farmers don't want to give up their land and have registered their protests at several levels. Despite this, the government has started the process to acquire over 3,000 acres of land in about 16 villages,\" he said.Residents of many villages, including Banipur, Putahera, Manglesar and Garhi Aasaswas in Bawal block, have been sitting on dharna at the district headquarters for many days now, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15012343", "title": "Pakistan welcomes BCCI's move", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The news of the Pakistan cricket team visiting India by the end of this year has been welcomed by cricket lovers and the current and former players who said it will help in improving ties between the two nations.\"The decision is great and we welcome it. It seems the wishes of millions of cricket lovers have been fulfilled,\" Zaka Ashraf, chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board told the media in Lahore . \"We are still waiting for BCCI's invitation, but it seems it (the series) will surely be held later this year.\"Pakistan's Test and ODI skipper Misbah-ul-Haq said everyone enjoys matches between India and Pakistan, including the players. \"There is always stiff competition whenever Pakistan and India play,\" he added.Muhammad Hafeez, Pakistan's T20 captain, stressed that people have high expectations from the team when they play against India. \"The invitation from India is good news for the whole world as people across the globe were missing Pakistan-India matches. I hope the Indian team would also tour Pakistan after this series,\" he said.Javed Miandad , star of many Indo-Pak battles, welcomed the development. \"It is definitely great news. It was unfortunate that both countries could not play against each other for a long time. I hope that it will have a positive impact in other areas as well,\" the former Pakistani skipper told TOI.The last time a Pakistan team toured India was in 2007 when they lost the ODI series 2-3 and the three-Test series 0-1. Since then, the two teams have only met in international tournaments. They faced each other in the semifinal of the World Cup in Mohali last year and also during the Asia Cup in Bangladesh in March.Wasim Bari, Pakistan's former chief selector and combative stumper, told TOI: \"The resumption of cricket ties had to happen anyway. It was a huge setback for the cricket fans that they were deprived of watching these two cricketing superpowers for so long.\"He added, \"I am hopeful that this move will further strengthen the relationship between the people of the two countries.\"Former leg-spinner Abdul Qadir said it was the first step towards better relations between India and Pakistan. \"I think cricket will open doors to trade and will help in tackling terrorism in both countries,\" Qadir said. He also felt that India should be given the option of playing in neutral venues like the United Arab Emirates .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "15009806", "title": "Former governor reminisces about Nagaland", "text": "KOHIMA: The former governor of Nagaland, General (retd) K V Krishna Rao still reminisces about Nagaland and its people. In a letter addressed to the new director of Sainik Welfare and Resettlement of Nagaland, Brig KK Roy Choudhury, the former governor said he has great appreciation for the Nagas, having served with them while in the Army and as a governor. A copy of the letter was released by the Kohima Raj Bhavan.Congratulating Brig Choudhury on his new assignment, the former governor said as the director, he can do a lot to help the people of Nagaland.\"While the Nagas did well as a part of the Assam regiment for many years, their performance in the Naga regiment has also been remarkable. Both the serving and retired personnel certainly need due attention and care of the state government and the Centre,\" the letter quoted. He said, \"My best wishes are always with the people of Nagaland.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011414", "title": "Woman cries rape at rave party", "text": "KOLKATA: A former radio jockey has alleged that she was raped at a rave party in a Middleton Street apartment a year ago. She filed an FIR on June 10 but it only came to light on Monday when she tried to withdraw the complaint.Rape complaints cannot be withdrawn. Once it is recorded, it has to run its full course of police investigation.The alleged victim, now in her early thirties, was a very popular RJ. She says that she was raped by a businessman when she attended a rave party at his home on Middleton Street. The accused, a 55-year-old widower, is absconding, say police.Investigators say the businessman was already under their scanner in connection with a drugs-and-rave party racket busted recently. Police have already arrested two prominent businessmen of the city - Rajiv Mohta and Pratyush Chowdhury - for allegedly being part of the racket and organising rave parties for the rich and famous.Joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh said: \"We have received a complaint at Shakespeare Sarani police station and are looking for the accused. A case was initiated under Section 376 (rape) and 417 (cheating).\" However, there are discrepancies in the complainant's statement, say police.The former RJ says that she got pregnant after being raped. But when she demanded money from the businessman for a safe abortion, he refused. She got the foetus aborted on her own and then filed a complaint at Shakespeare Sarani police station.She suddenly decided to withdraw her FIR but police said she cannot do so. A rape complaint has to be investigated and only a court can allow the case to be dropped/withdrawn. The same holds true for murder complaints.The accused is an affluent stock broker, but he also dealt in narcotics, say police, adding that he often organised rave parties that were drug-fuelled sex-orgies.Such rave parties are regularly organised in posh areas like Alipore, Ballygunge and the Salt Lake and Rajarhat townships, say police.The racket that was busted with the arrest of some top level operatives over the last month had strong links with the Latin American drug cartel. It had a network spanning all major Indian cities and Goa was its hub of operations. Among those arrested is a Nigerian.The crackdown started with the arrest of a Sikkimese drug runner, Ang Tshering Obesing, in Kolkata on June 29. His interrogation led to the arrest of Nigerian Charles Ozimba and the biggest breakthrough in the case the nabbing of Mumbai-based Anglo Indian Donald Maitland.Maitland had been jailed in Dubai for 10 years and was one of the most important leaders of the drug network in India. Two other alleged ring leaders, Kolkata-based Andrew Douglas alias Ginger and Melvin Smith, who allegedly smuggled cocaine and charas from Goa and Mumbai, are also in custody.The gang made contact over phone but preferred social networking sites, where they used code words to talk about the location and date of rave parties, or fix up drug deliveries. Ozimba used to carry the drugs in bulk to the cities, where local 'retailers' like Tshering would supply it to individual clients. Tshering also went by the names Sydney Russel Benedict and Deshai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15013633", "title": "Rising towers, depleting water", "text": "About two months ago, Gurgaon suffered one of its worst ever water shortages. The raw water supply to the city - already insufficient - shrunk all the way to 40-45MGD, whereas it is estimated that the daily requirement at the time reached its seasonal high of 200MGD. Residents in several areas complained of getting as little as 15% of their usual dayto-day demand. And most were left with no choice except to go for the only viable alternative - the fastdepleting groundwater reserves.In January this year, the Central Ground Water Authority declared this a notified area, deeming Gurgaon's water-table 'over-exploited', and declaring this a part of the semiarid belt. \"The housing boom is why the water table here has tanked,\" said Nitya Jacob, director of the water programme at the Centre for Science and Environment.Jacob said that groundwater is utilized in many of the ongoing construction projects, and this despite the Supreme Court ban.\"The new order is welcome. But the real challenge remains. How will you implement the ban. You can't stop construction. So the only way to solve the problem is to give them alternatives,\" added Jacob. CSE has proposed a new alternative, as have some other water management experts. All say that HUDA should recycle the daily sewage generated here - which, according to the groundwater cell, is about 130 MLD a day - and give it to the builders.Professor Gauhar Mahmood is a water expert at the Jamia Milia Islamia university in Delhi, and has been involved in Gurgaon's rainwater harvesting master-plan, which is now in its third year. \"Construction work doesn't not require clean water. So you can easily utilize all the water that Gurgaon's authorities throw away,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011401", "title": "KG kid beaten up for crying to go home", "text": "KOLKATA: The recent spate of corporal punishment to students in the state touched a new low on Monday with a five-year-old student being hospitalized after being beaten up by a Group D staff of a government-aided primary school at Kamarhati near Belghoria.Raunav Das, the KG-I student of Kamarhati Ariadaha Primary School, was beaten up by Gargi Sarkar when the kid was crying to go back home after the school hours. Later in the day, the student's mother lodged a complaint with Belghoria police station against the staff. Police have started investigating the case.The incident took place when the school got over around 1.30pm on Monday. Raunav was waiting with his elder brother Tushar, who studies in Class II in the same school, for their mother Rita to pick them up. When Rita failed to turn up at the school gate, Sarkar asked Tushar to go to their home and send his mother to pick up his brother from the school. As Tushar was about to leave, Raunav started crying and started pestering Sarkar to let him go with his brother. When the boy did not stop crying, Sarkar picked up a stick and beat up the boy severely in a fit of rage.On being informed, Rita rushed to the school and found his son crying in pain. Noticing several injury marks on Raunav's body, she took him to a private nursing home in Belghoria. \"My son was beaten up mercilessly as he was just crying to go back home after the end of the school. Who gave the caretaker the right to beat up my son so brutally? My little son received several injuries on his body. The caretaker should be punished,\" she fumed.Other guardians and locals also protested against the incident and launched an agitation in front of the school. They demanded punishment of the accused caretaker. They also complained to the headmistress Rekha Mitra against Sarkar. Mitra condemned the incident and assured proper action against the caretaker.\"I have come to know about the incident. This is really very unfortunate. We are very sorry that a kid was injured after being beaten up severely by the caretaker. We are going to take a stern action against the accused,\" promised the headmistress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010433", "title": "Three gas leak victims critical", "text": "HYDERABAD: The condition of three persons badly injured in a gas leak in Padmarao Nagar on Sunday remained critical on Monday. Businessman K Sridhar, his wife Srilatha and one of their two daughters Spoorthi are battling for their lives at a private hospital in Kanchanbagh. Hospital authorities said that Sridhar and Spoorthi sustained 40% and 35% burns respectively and their condition is serious. Srilatha, who sustained 70% burns, is in the most critical condition, they said. \"The treatment has started and we are trying to ensure that the patients do not catch any infection,\" said a hospital spokesperson. The incident took place around 10am on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "15010724", "title": "I want India to win more consistently: Wim Koevermans", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Dutchman Wim Koevermans , who took over as chief coach of Indian football earlier this month, will face his first big test when the Nehru Cup kicks off in New Delhi on August 22.The All India Football Federation (AIFF) will hold a three-week camp, likely to be held in Bangalore, from July 27 and it will be the former Netherlands international's first interaction with Indian players. \"I haven't yet got the opportunity to meet the senior players. I only watched the junior boys during their U-22 AFC Cup qualifying campaign in Muscat and felt happy with what I saw,\" Koevermans told TOI on the sidelines of the five-day coaching seminar, which began here on Monday.The new coach has picked six players from the under-22 side among the 37 probables for the senior camp. \"The boys are playing in a different style. They have to be guided in a proper way. I observed that they lose possession of the ball very quickly. They have to learn to keep the ball on the ground which will help them create more chances. The basics are there, but they need to be groomed properly,\" added the coach.As of now, Koevermans has signed a two-year deal with the AIFF. \"I know it's a challenging job. My only aim is to see India winning on a consistent basis. The Nehru Cup, therefore, is very important for me as it will help me gauge the team's strengths and weaknesses. I want them to win the event. That's my first goal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15010671", "title": "Lost children not found always", "text": "BANGALORE: A notice board at the Ulsoorgate police station, Hudson Circle, is covered with photographs and other details of missing persons. At the nearby Cubbon Park police station, a poster announces the existence of a helpline for tracing missing children. The pictorial evidence of missing persons burdening the city police cannot be more telling.Statistics show that 15-16 adults and at least 10 children go missing in the city every day. In all, 13,352 adults have gone missing between January 2010 and July 5, 2012. While police have traced 9,741 people so far, the fate of nearly 4,000 others is uncertain. Of the 4,000 children who went missing during the same period, over 2,000 were traced.Missing persons are not always old and infirm people. Shahdab, a 24-year-old mechanical engineer, went missing from his Cubbonpet residence in January 2012. A complaint was lodged with the Ulsoorgate police station by his elder brother, Mirnawaz. The family also printed pamphlets and posters seeking information on his whereabouts but they were all in vain.Mirnawaz visits the police station every day hoping that there would be some good news. \"We don't even know if he is alive,\" said Mirnawaz.\"About 30%-40% missing persons are traced every year. But tracing young children is daunting. They usually don't go on their own. They go missing either due to circumstance or are abducted. Similarly, when adults leave their family willingly and go missing, it is very difficult to trace them. We cannot do much in such cases,\" said H D Ananda Kumar, ACP, CCRB.THE PROCESSOnce a missing complaint is lodged with a police station, the officer in-charge collects all the details about the person along with six copies of his or her passport size photograph. The details are immediately circulated to all police stations across Bangalore, state and India. The photographs and details are also put up at bus and railway stations.Police keep the State Crime Records Bureau in the loop and also keep in touch with family and relatives of the missing person. They track e-mail IDs and social networking accounts of the missing person if he or she has one.Sometimes missing persons turn up on their own at the nearest police station. If they are children or old and infirm people, police are tipped off by alert members of public. The missing persons are then restored to their families.But not all cases have happy ending. Ananda Kumar said that many teenagers after being traced refuse to go back to their families. Young girls who are victims of human trafficking and forced into prostitution too refuse to go back home out of shame.He said that girls in age group of 10-12 are mostly sold off after they are abducted. \"Parents just come and lodge a missing complaint but police are helpless in such circumstances,\" he admitted.\"About 400-500 children go missing every day from various parts of Karnataka. Most of them are lost at bus or railway stations. The task of searching missing children becomes tough in case of human trafficking,\" confirmed an official with the women and child welfare department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014240", "title": "British news icon\u2019s Indian TV debut", "text": "Award winning British television journalist, Tim Sebastian is all set to make his small screen debut in India. Tim, best known for BBC's HARDtalk and his powerful interviewing and debating style, will play moderator for a political and social issue based talk show aptly titled The Outsider.\"I think anyone dealing with social and political issues in India, is bound to find it different from anywhere else in the world. This is the largest democracy in the world - full of miracles, misfortunes and contradictions. Few in the West seem to understand how it works - which is why I came here,\" Tim told us.Tim revealed he has always wanted to take up the challenge of 'understanding India better'. \"I wanted to listen to the voices of the people - especially young people - and to see if we can encourage cutting-edge political debate,\" he added.And considering, the famous journalist has \"No bias, no political background and no favours to pay back\", he was the best choice for the show to be produced by a new production house SOBO - a joint venture of Kuki Gulati and Union Power Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde's daughter Smriti.When contacted, Gulati told us, \"We have been importing show concepts for the Indian television. With SOBO, we wanted to do things differently. We were a big fan of Tim's interviewing style. And he was really interested in India - the second fastest growing economy in the world.\"Explaining the concept for the show, Gulati added, \"Students will be flown in from various parts of the country as the audience. A socially relevant topic will be discussed on each episode. Panellists will be invited depending on the topic. And Tim will be the moderator of the debate.\"Resul Pookutty has been roped in to engineer the sound. \"The first show will be aired across Europe, Asia and Africa. We start filming on July 20,\" revealed Gulati and added, \"I will ask Tim to write me a Bollywood script. After all he is going to be here for a month.\"When asked about his role in the project, Tim said, \"We have a team of researchers and an executive producer who make an initial choice of material, related to the topics. Then I make my own. We also contact experts to try and seek a range of different views.\"He revealed that his hotel room is now full of books and articles on the subcontinent. \"I meet as many people as I can to extract insights, relevant question areas, facts and figures. Every show I've done has been research intensive. What you put into the preparation decides what you eventually get out. Long hours of work - but there are no shortcuts if you want to get results,\" Tim added.Excited about her television venture, Smriti added, \"It is time for a fair debate without criticising anyone. And Tim is going to be an excellent moderator.\" Tim will shoot for a month. He will again come back next month to complete the 13-episode series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15012156", "title": "Monsoon brings fungal, skin infections in its wake", "text": "KANPUR: The monsoon has started showing its adverse impacts on human life. The cases of vector-borne, fungal and parasitic infections are rising. The worse hit are the kids, who get viral and skin infections after getting wet.Patients of allergies and fungal infections, mostly children between the age group of 4 and 10 are seen at the hospitals.Allergies like non-bullous and bullous impetigo, fungal infections, recurrent attacks of follicultis, tinea capitis (fungal infection of hair) are commonly detected in people, especially kids during monsoon. Doctors suggest an immediate bath after playing in the rain and use of an anti-bacterial soap. Further, one should drink boiled water to keep well-hydrated.\"The kids having fungal and parasitic infections are reporting in large numbers in the OPD everyday. These infections occur in legs which got maximum exposure to dirty water,\" said Dr S K Arora, skin expert at LLR Hospital.Dr Hargovind, skin experts at UHM Hospital, said that in the present humid conditions, skin infection becomes three time more. Everyday, nearly 100 patients are visiting the skin diseases department in the hospital, among which 40 to 45 per cent patients are of general skin and hair infections. The number of children is maximum in viral and fungal infections.These infections are not fatal in the initial stages as only causes rashes or pimples at the time of occurrence. But if ignored, these can lead to the formation of apsis and become septicemia.\"It is due to unhygienic living conditions that these fungal infections are increasing. And most often these are found in the people belonging to lower sections of the society who live in the places which are congested, dirty and having poor sanitary conditions,\" added Dr Hargovind.Talking about the precautionary measures, the experts said that one must not keep oneself wet for longer time. People should also make the house and surroundings clean and hygienic.Use antiseptic soaps and lotions in general and consult a doctor if irritation or rashes occur on the skin. Avoid wearing wet shoes and clothes as they are the breeding ground of microbes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011120", "title": "Snehal Bendke achieves London dream", "text": "NAGPUR: Years after becoming country's first international basketball referee, Kolhapur's Snehal Bendke dreamt of officiating at the Olympics. She loves to 'control' unruly men and women with just a whistle. This small-town girl has now ensured her name been written in history. She became the first Indian girl nominated to officiate in Olympics.It's been almost four years since this charming lady, all of 26, got her refereeing license from the international basketball federation (FIBA) along with former India captain Shiba Maggon. Both made the cut in 2008 and are the only two woman international referees in India.Snehal has already officiated at many events conducted by Federation of International Basketball Association. She has also performed the task at the world women's basketball championship and is the first to officiate in the Euro league last year. Among the 30 odd referees nominated to officiate basketball matches in London, Snehal is the youngest and she is now aspiring to blow the finals too.\"I'm very happy with my performance as a referee in the last many years and would like to thank all those who believed in me. I want to keep improving from here and looking forward to do well at the Olympics even I wish to blow the finals,\" Snehal told TOI from Kolhapur.Following the common practice among players to take to refereeing once they're done playing, Snehal cleared the Maharashtra state qualified referee's examination in 2005. With the help of Sharad Bansode - her coach, mentor, guide and an international referee - she didn't look back and went on to achieve this unique feat.Earlier, at the 1980 Summer Olympics when Indian men's team got its only chance to represent Asia at the Olympics, Rajasthan's BM Diwakar joined the contingent as an invited referee for the games.Sporting black trousers, a grey tee decked with a prominent FIBA logo, black shoes and a Fox 40 tucked in between her lips, Snehal runs along the length and breadth of the court, eyes firmly on the on-court proceedings. Known for her fair judgment as the game goes on and Snehal, as always, is seen where the action is. On her maiden appearance an elated Snehal says, \"As a player it was my dream to take part in the Olympics and when I chose refereeing I decided to fulfill my dream. I'm very much happy to achieve my dream.\"She further added, \"As my dream is being fulfilled I think my responsibility has increased as I will represent all the basketball lovers of my country.\"Snehal's nomination got a word of praise from all the fraternity members. Country's first international referee, 82-year-old ND Krishnan from Mumbai was as elated as Snehal. \"I'm extremely happy, very much delighted and as an Indian I'm extremely proud that somebody from basketball has been nominated as an official to represent the country. As Indian teams participation in Olympics is very rare, I think this chance is something not many could achieve and is a great opportunity for Snehal,\" said Krishnan, who got his FIBA license in 1964.Snehal's coach was a satisfied soul with his wards achievement. \"When she first came to me during a physical test in 2000 and seeing her sincerity for the game in general and towards the thankless job in particular, I realised she would go far as a referee. I would be more happy when Snehal comes back officiating the final game in London,\" said Sharad Bansode.M Venkatesh secretary of Maharashtra State Basketball Association added, \"It's a proud moment not only for Maharashtra but for entire country, she has been sincere in performing her duties as a referee. She has worked a lot and deserves to be the first Indian girl to officiate at the world's best event.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15015263", "title": "'Tumhari Amrita' belongs to the audience, says Shabana", "text": "It's been more than 20 years Shabana Azmi has been staging the play Tumhari Amrita, but the veteran actor and theatre still considers the play very close to her heart.\"There is an Amrita and Zulfi (protagonist) in all of us. The play has got a life of its own now and it belongs to the audience. Word has got around. Parents who saw the play have passed on the message to the youngsters and they in turn, are coming to watch the play. And even today, when I wind up the show, I get tears in my eyes,\" says Shabana.Coming to her films, is it true that when Mira Nair called her for a role in The Reluctant Fundamentalist , she said, ' ab akal aayi hai tujhe ' ? \"When Mira called for the role, I indeed said that. It's a tiny role but the character is pivotal to the play. My mother Shaukat Azmi used to portray such characters,\" says the actor, who also has Midnight's Children and Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola in her kitty.On the theatre front, Shabana is all set to perform the plays Broken Images and Kaifi Aur Main for the audience in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15012513", "title": "District Kannada Sahitya Parishat to stage a protest on July 21", "text": "Dharwad: The district unit of Kannada Sahitya Parishat (KSP) will launch a protest against the government move of introducing English medium from VI Std in government schools. District KSP president Lingaraj Angadi said the protest is in response to a call given by KSP president Pundalik Halambi after the government allegedly failed to convene a meeting to discuss the issue pertaining to medium of instruction in schools. KSP is taking support from people from all walks of life to protect Kannada language and the interest of Kannadigas, he asserted. KSP will take out a protest rally here on July 21, and will stage a dharna in front of the DC's office from 11am to 4pm. Later, KSP members, along with writers, poets, pro-Kannada activists and organizations will submit a memorandum, addressed to chief minister Jagadish Shettar and primary education minister, to the DC. Similar protests will also be held in every taluks and memoranda will be submitted to the respective tahsildars. KSP wants the decision to introduce English medium be withdrawn and legal action be initiated against school authorities who have obtained permission to open Kannada schools, but are teaching in English. Their other demands: effective teaching of English as one of the subjects from I Std, make Kannada the medium of instruction from I to VIII Std in all schools, implement the recommendations of Sarojini Mahishi report, jobs for Kannadigas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15012356", "title": "Businessman kills mother-in-law, commits suicide", "text": "RANCHI: A man hanged himself after killing his mother-in-law on Monday at KK Colony in Burdwan Compound area. The man has left behind a five-page suicide note and a 16 page-long note on reasons that prompted him to murder his mother-in-law.Uttam Chaudhary, who dealt in real estate , mentioned in his suicide note that his mother-in-law Namita Maulik kept his wife and daughter with her and never allowed him to meet them. He stated in his note 'she used to torture me mentally and financially and used to blackmail me in the name of my daughter.'Chaudhary claimed his wife, Chumki, was 'mentally and physically dull'. \"She and was not able to perform her duties of a wife or mother,\" Uttam wrote in the note. It further read, \"This was a reason she was not allowed to live with me by my mother-in-law. I used to live in Delhi and every time I came to Ranchi I was not allowed to meet my daughter and after quitting my job in 2010, when I came back to settle down in Ranchi, my mother-in-law did not allow me to stay with my wife and daughter.\"Uttam took a flat in Hatia and occasionally used to visit his mother-in-law's place to meet his daughter. DSP, Anuranjan Kispotta said, \"Uttam went to meet his mother-in-law at around 1:45 pm when she was alone in house to convince her to let his wife and daughter stay with him. When she rejected his proposal, he murdered her and then hanged himself. He was frustrated owing to his miserable matrimonial life and unnecessary interference by his mother-in-law.\"In his suicide note, Uttam wrote that he wished that his body be handed over to his wife and the last rituals be performed by his daughter.Officer in charge of Lalpur PS, Venkatesh Kumar said, \"Two separate cases have been registered, one of murder and another of suicide. Appropriate action will be taken after further investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011243", "title": "Airport line flaws worse than thought", "text": "NEW DELHI: The defects on the Airport Metro Express line seem to be more serious than what was revealed earlier. According to a report submitted by a joint inspection team of Delhi Metro and Reliance Infrastructure, not only do 25 of the bearings need to repaired, but some girders have also been found to have cracked. The problem has been compounded by the fact that pre-cast girders and pedestals were used along the elevated section of the line when these should have been custom-built according to the location. The joint inspection was overseen by the Railways.\"Of 540 bearings that need rectification, 90 were found to have been constructed without following specified design norms,'' said a government official. \"Deviations as a result are pronounced.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhagalpur ( bihar )", "code": "15012775", "title": "Was the killed girl from Assam?", "text": "BHAGALPUR ( BIHAR ): Groping in the dark about the identity of the girl whose body was found in a ditch near the western signal cabin at Naugachhia railway station on July 11, the Naugachhia police have sought assistance from the Guwahati police in Assam for identification of the deceased.The Naugachhia police, suspecting that the unidentified deceased belonged to the northeast, have sent photographs of the body to Assam police for sending information to different police stations and nearby states as well about the killing of the girl. The photographs would be displayed at police stations in Guwahati and other places, so that it is identified.According to police sources, the deceased's body had injury marks on the neck. She was wearing jeans and kurta (top) at the time of the incident and may have belonged to a well-to-do family. From her general appearance, she looked like a native of Assam or adjoining states, said police sources, adding the incident might have occurred on July 10-11 night, after which the body could have been thrown in the ditch.Naugachhia SP Jaikant said a police official has been sent to Guwahati along with the photograph of the body for necessary action. \"We hope some information about the deceased would come from there soon,\" the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011527", "title": "Child Welfare Committee should have members of civil society", "text": "GURGAON: Unlike other cities like Delhi where civil society manages the Child Welfare Committee (CWC), in Gurgaon it's the administration that runs the show. This fact not only hampers the functioning of the committee, but also creates confusion between the NGOs engaged in child welfare on the one hand and the administration on the other.In Gurgaon, the deputy commissioner is also the chairperson of the CWC, while other officials from the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS), district child welfare officer, district social welfare officer, a government-appointed social worker, besides the chief medical officer, DCP (headquarters) and district attorney, are other members.Officials from NGOs and other organizations working in the field of child rights alleged that it takes undue time in getting a simple job done related to care and protection of a child. \"As members are subordinate to the deputy commissioner in the administration set-up, no CWC official raises any question and simply follows his order in letter and spirit. CWC members should not be bureaucrats, said an owner of an NGO, adding that the officials might be efficient but they lack expertise and the necessary sensitivity in handling a child-related case.Organizations demanded constitution of CWC based on provisions in Juvenile Justice Act (2000). \"The members of the civil society having experience in child issues should be the chairperson and members of the committee. The Gurgaon DC is busy in his other works and how can one expect him to be present in any hearing, said a senior official from another NGO.Childline (1098), Gurgaon, which provides emergency outreach service for children, also face a similar problem. Rishi Kant, spokesperson, NGO Shakti Vahini which runs Childline in Gurgaon said, \"We don't officials in CWC. There should be a proper bench of magistrates for deciding any order. Given the volume of cases and issues reported in Gurgaon, the CWC office should be functional for at least three days. Moreover, the order should be in accordance with the Juvenile Justice Act.\" In Gurgaon, mostly a decision is taken by an individual member, Kant said.Even the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights has raised objection to the way CWC functions in Gurgaon. NCPCR member Vinod Kumar Tikoo, said, \"We having raising this issue for the last one and a half years and asking the state government to revamp the set-up. The government has been asked to set up the CWC in accordance with JJ Act (2000) and JJ Rules.\" \"There are advantages of not having a committee with government officials. Administrative officials will have more inter-departmental authority. The deputy commissioner here, for instance, is so busy that it becomes difficult to take time out for the welfare committee,\" said P C Meena, Gurgaon deputy commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012114", "title": "Alternate-day water decision likely today", "text": "PUNE: There was no consensus either on the water supply to Daund taluka or the implementation of alternate day's water supply in the city on Monday. The three agencies - the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), state irrigation department and the district collectorate - are likely to decide on Tuesday.District collector Vikas Deshmukh, who had convened the meeting, was in New Delhi to attend a meeting on administrative reforms. District collectorate officials said a decision on alternate day's water supply will be taken by the civic body.However, PMC's water department head V G Kulkarni, said, \"The PMC will decide on alternate day's water supply after a meeting with the district collector. As of now, we will continue with once-a-day supply. The PMC is awaiting orders from the state or district collector.\"However, the PMC's water department officials fear that alternate day's water supply will add to the woes of citizens. \"Once alternate day water supply is imposed, supply problems due to air pressure in the pipelines will be a major issue. Some areas may receive water after two days. Moreover, air pressure may lead to bursting of pipelines. To avoid this, a daily supply of limited water must continue,\" a civic official said. Civic officials stated that if water from Khadakwasla dam is released for Daund taluka, Pune's supply for fifteen days will be affected.\"As of now with the existing water quota, the PMC can provide alternate day water supply till August 15. If water is released to Daund, the city will get water till the first week of August,\" an official said.Irrigation department officials have communicated to the district collectorate that releasing 0.5 TMC to Daund taluka will not affect the present water distribution system for the city. Dam levels have increased to 1.90 TMC, irrigation officials said.Chief engineer (water resources), Pune, Avinash Surve has said that the decision to allot water to Daund will be Deshmukh's and Pune city's water supply will not be affected by the decision. The irrigation department announced that the decision on alternate day's supply rests with the civic body.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's directive to release water from the Khadakwasla's reservoir to areas in Daund taluka met with fierce opposition in the city on Friday. Leaders of all political parties, except Pawar's Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), hit out at the move, saying it was ill-timed because Pune may receive alternate day supply as the water levels in the dams around the city were low.Deshmukh will be back in city on Tuesday and a decision on alternate day's supply and release of water to Daund will be taken after Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012355", "title": "Shashi Tharoor\u2019s book released", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy on Monday released MP Shashi Tharoor's book 'Pax Indica - India and the world of the 21st century'.Former ambassador TP Srinivasan opened the programme with a piquant speech about how the book is a second coming for Tharoor.The book was received by former diplomat KPS Menon, who has lived through many of the moments mentioned in the book.\"The title raised eyebrows. But the book is not about world domination. The principle purpose of our foreign policy should be the well-being of our people...I am a little critical about the MEA, the hiring, training and recruitment aspects of the department and it has generated the most amount of argument,\" said Tharoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15009914", "title": "IPS officer on leave 'missing'", "text": "IMPHAL: The police apparatus in Manipur is virtually in a fix after an IPS officer has reportedly gone missing after taking leave. Former Superintendent of Police ( Ukhrul ) Anubhav, IPS of Manipur-Tripura cadre 2000, has not reported back to the state government after completion of Extra Ordinary Leave (EOL) for 24 months from August 1, 2005 to July 31, 2007 after pursuing a two-year MBA programme in Harvard Business School , Boston , USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010227", "title": "Top cop's kin robbed of 20 tola jewellery", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cocking a snook at police, thieves struck in broad daylight near KPHB police station and snatched away a bag containing 20 tola gold from the mother-in-law of a top Cyberabad police official on Monday evening. According to police, two bike-borne thieves snatched away the bag from a 65-year-old woman near the KPHB police station. The victim, who is the mother-in-law of a top cop, just purchased the gold from a shop opposite the KPHB police station. The thieves attacked her immediately after she came out of the shop. Cyberabad police are tight-lipped over the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15012332", "title": "Poor civic amenities in H'bag shocks Sinha", "text": "HAZARIBAG: BJP MP Yashwant Sinha , who was on a motorcycle tour of the town on Monday to assess the civic amenities in the municipal area, was shocked to see the condition of roads, drains and the sanitation system here.Sinha said he visited 15 of the 32 wards of Hazaribag town and everywhere he found that roads, drains and sanitation were in a bad shape. \"It is surprising that the Hazaribag Municipality, being an elected body, failed to provide even the minimum amenities to the people of the town which are required for common people,\" the BJP leader added.\"By visiting the areas, it has proved that that the Hazaribag Municipality totally neglected the development work of the city although funds for the same have been provided to them by the state government,\" he added.He further alleged that the state PHE department was also not doing its work properly particularly in repairing the leaked water pipes because of which the people were forced to drink contaminated water.The BJP leader claimed that he was surprised to find a place near a temple in Bara Akhara locality where the water was leaking from pipes for the past 20 years. Same was the condition at Indrapuri Chowk where too water from the main pipes was leaking for the past 10 years. \"No steps have been taken to repair the pipes,\" said Sinha. tnnSinha said the leakage and the alleged neglect by the PHED were pointed to the deputy commissioner several times, but no steps were taken.He said he would inspect the remaining 17 wards after the presidential election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15015207", "title": "Kona Expressway fraught with problems", "text": "KOLKATA: On almost every weekday after 9 p.m., Kona Expressway is a picture of a never ending traffic snarls. Heavy and light vehicles crawl at a snail's pace and sometimes it takes close to two hours to cross the eight kilometre stretch. The two decade old Kona Expressway is a state highway that carries vehicles to and from the city up to National Highways two (Delhi Road) and six (Mumbai Road). Strangely, all the traffic signals at crucial road crossings along Kona Expressway simply stop working for over an hour after 9 p.m. further slowing down traffic movement.Right from the Carey Road crossing, which is the first road crossing on Kona Expressway from the side of the Vidyasagar Setu, to the Nibra crossing, towards the end of the Expressway, the signals blink the red light continuously as droves of policemen take to the road and manually control traffic.The Howrah police Commissionerate considers Kona Expressway the most accident prone stretch in the whole city division. When the Commissionerate was formed in September, at least five deaths a month were recorded on the stretch. This has now come down to one death a month. However, accidents and consequent hospitalizations remain extremely high, leading traffic police to take some sweeping measures to restrict traffic movement along the Expressway.A total of one lakh heavy and light vehicles ply daily along Kona Expressway. Movement suddenly peaks around 9 p.m. everyday as heavy goods loaded vehicles are allowed into Howrah and Kolkata from that time onwards. It was noticed that accidents also peak around this time. The automatic traffic signals added to the problem as vehicles tend to over speed at green signals. Interestingly, all along the Kona Expressway, the lights only changed from red to green suddenly. The option of the amber signal, indicating speeding vehicles to slow down, does not exist anywhere on Kona Expressway.Howrah traffic police, by its own admission, stops the automatic signals to slow down traffic as that will prevent accidents. However, this is creating tremendous problems to commuters. \"I live in Kadamtala and it takes me nearly 40 minutes to cross my portion of a kilometre and a half of the Kona Expressway. This is really frustrating, so I have started coming back early. Things are better till it is 8:30 p.m. So if I fail this \"deadline\", I either take the Howrah Bridge instead of the Vidyasagar Setu or I delay my return till after 10 p.m.,\" said Shyamal Mukherjee, an advocate.A report regarding the problems that dog Kona Expressway has been prepared by the Howrah traffic police and this will soon be submitted to the KMDA and the PWD - the two guardians of the Kona Expressway. The report says that when the state highway was planned, it took into account a maximum load of 50,000 vehicles per day, which has doubled in 20 years and hence, an immediate road widening is required. The road is 70 feet wide taking both flanks into consideration. The report says that it should be immediately widened to 110 feet. \"There are six crossings and some cut outs that have been created to help local people to cross over. But apart from that a large number of illegal cut outs have been created by the local people, which are erratically used by two wheelers, making these accident prone zones. We have to deploy cops to not only man the crossings but also the illegal cut outs,\" said a senior cop of the traffic police.Though a narrow one foot wide divider exists in some parts, in many places the divider is broken or non existent. As a result of this, when heavy vehicles lose control, they climb on to the divider and roll on to the other side causing accidents. The report says that a four feet wide divider that has high walls should be built along that stretch as that will prevent heavy vehicles from crossing over even if their brakes fail. The report also rues about the fact that there is only one break down van for Kona Expressway and no cranes to lift vehicles. The fact that large parts of the Expressway are without street lights, adds to the problem.Since the Commissionerate was formed, a special contingent of policemen consisting of 20 officers, 65 constables and many city police volunteers have been deployed to manage Kona Expressway.\"We have a large number of issues related to Kona Expressway that require sorting out. For the moment we are trying to control speed of the traffic on the Expressway during peak rush hour that starts a little before 9 p.m. We hope to come up with a better solution soon,\" said deputy commissioner, traffic, Akhilesh Chaturvedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011862", "title": "Opposition slams power rate hike in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The opposition in Punjab has slammed the government for \"exorbitant hike of over 12%\" in electricity tariffs and have termed it \"unacceptable\".Sunil Jakhar, leader of opposition in the assembly, said that Congress had feared that public would be burdened with a string of taxes, power tariffs after the Dasuya bypoll. \"It is really ironical as people will have to pay more for power, which is anyway in short supply. People don't get power in the first place, and will have to pay more for whatever little they get,\" he said.Saying that the Congress fears \"bout of fresh taxes on public utilities, residential properties and increase in VAT,\" as well, Jakhar said SAD-BJP had made availability of electricity a major agenda and had in 2004 promised to provide round-the-clock affordable power within three years.\"With the present hike in power tariff, electricity is now neither affordable nor available due to inapt and unprofessional management of electricity boards. The industry in Punjab will have no option but to shut down their shops as it will be unviable to meet electricity expenses. Punjab, which badly needs industrialization to tackle its huge unemployment issue, will be plagued into huge distress,\" he said.PSPCL has one of the highest expenses per megawatt and no effort is being made to make it efficient. Instead of cutting expenses and reducing transmission and distribution losses, PSPCL has always taken easier route of passing financial burden on consumers without bothering the financial sustainability of the consumer, said Jakhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011166", "title": "Victoria to mark sculptor's centenary with first-time exhibition", "text": "KOLKATA: One of the pioneers of modern sculpture in India, Prodosh Dasgupta, will come alive through his works in the city later this month. This being the birth centenary year of Dasgupta, Victoria Memorial will hold an exhibition of his best known sculptures from July 25 onwards.Unfortunately, though Dasgupta lived and worked in the city during the early part of his checkered career, the city has rarely seen his works that have been internationally acclaimed for being pioneers in the \"deconstruction\" of the accepted form. This is perhaps the first time such an exhibition on this master is being organized here.Dasgupta was born in Dhaka in 1912 and graduated from Calcutta University. He established his studio in Kolkata and started working as a freelance artist. Thereafter, he trained in sculpture under Hironmoy Roychowdhury at the Government College of Art, Lucknow, and then at the Government College of Art, Madras, before once again returning to Kolkata. Dasgupta was the first artist of the country to start an organized group of artists. It was christened the 'Calcutta Group' and spearheaded the modernist movement in India.Later, Dasgupta trained at the Royal Academy of Arts, London, and at the Ecole De Grand Chaumiere, Paris. He excelled in his deconstruction of the form and took Europe by storm, so much so that he was appointed the fellow of the Royal Academy. Dasgupta pioneered what is known as the 'egg form' in sculpture. His human figures are shaped in such a way that their outward shape looks like an egg. His famous works 'Bondage' and 'Suryamukhi' are all part of this series where he experimented with the egg form. Suryamukhi shows a woman in the birthing position. During the '50s, a rape case rocked the city. Dasgupta created a sculpture in protest, which again won a lot of critical acclaim. All these works are expected to be displayed in the exhibition.There will be a total of 45 exhibits, all in bronze, at the exhibition that is expected to be on till August 12 at the Portraits Gallery of Victoria Memorial. The Memorial authorities have collaborated with the Lalit Kala Academy, Delhi, for this. The latter is the custodian of a large number of Dasgupta's works. Some exhibits are also being sourced from private collections. \"The Netaji statue in front of the Raj Bhavan is one of Dasgupta's creation that we are all familiar with. We wanted the city to know more about the master's works, since they have rarely been showcased here and hence we have organized this exhibition as homage to him in his centenary year,\" said curator of the Memorial, Swapan Chakraborty.The co-ordinator of the exhibition, Rina Lath, who is also an art collector, said Lalit Kala Academy had organized this exhibition recently in Delhi to rave reviews. \"For the Kolkata show, we will bring not only that collection but also some from private collectors,\" Lath said.Artists Jogen Chowdhury, Shuvaparasanna and Samir Aich sounded extremely happy. \"There are a large number of gifted artists from Kolkata who moved to foreign shores or other Indian cities in search of better training and work. Prodosh Dasgupta is one of them. Naturally, we get to see his creations only on the internet or in national level galleries in Delhi. Such an exhibition will naturally create a lot of waves among enthusiasts here,\" Chowdhury said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010335", "title": "Italy moves Supreme Court in Enrica case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Italian government has moved the Supreme Court seeking quashing of the criminal proceedings against its two marines charged with the murder of two Indian fishermen off Kerala coast this February. The petition filed by the Italian government and its two marines has challenged the May 29 order of the Kerala high court, which had held that the duo were liable to be tried under the jurisdiction of the Indian courts. agenciesThe petitioners have also sought a stay on all further criminal proceedings in the case pending before a Kollam court contending that Kerala Police had no authority to conduct the probe and courts in India have no jurisdiction as the incident occurred outside the Indian territorial waters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010896", "title": "Widespread rains likely across Gujarat on Tuesday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Weather officials have forecast fairly widespread rains in North Gujarat, South Gujarat, Saurashtra and at isolated places in Kutch on Tuesday. The city received a few spurts of rains late in the evening even as people waited for the skies to open up, following the largely unfulfilled forecast of widespread rains on Monday.\"There is an upper air circulation over Gujarat region which will give widespread rains on Tuesday. The rain will become scanty from Wednesday onward,\" said Manorama Mohanty, meteorologist of India Meteorological Department (IMD) Gujarat.There is widespread concern over the deficient rain in the state. Despair plagued citizens on Monday when dense clouds and overcast skies through the morning and afternoon did not yield rain. Parts of the city received rain only late in the evening.Revenue department data too reveals that the state has received less rainfall for this time of the year as compared to last year, and much less rain when compared to the year before that.In 2011, the state had received 168 mm of rain - 18.48% of the average seasonal rain - till July 16. This year, the state has had only 132 mm rain or just 16.60% of the seasonal average.In 2010, Gujarat had a far better monsoon with 229 mm of rain till July 16. This was a good 23% of the average seasonal rainfall.\"We have been praying for rain. I was disappointed when the dark clouds did not open up on Monday morning. I hope and pray that the little respite we got in the evening continues through Tuesday so that we do not become highly rain deficient. As it is, vegetable prices are skyrocketing, if it does not rain, the situation will worsen\", said Pathik Patel, a Vastrapur resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012056", "title": "Chaos after cave-in at Colaba", "text": "MUMBAI: Within a week of a part of Pedder Road collapsing, a small portion of Madame Cama Road near Regal Cinema caved in on Monday, throwing traffic in the area out of gear throughout the day.Soon after the incident occurred around 10am, chaos reigned in the locality as a part of the stretch had to be blocked off and vehicles headed for Colaba were diverted through Cooperage Road; the heavy flow of traffic towards Vidhan Bhavan, where the monsoon session is on, was especially affected.According to roads department officials, the old sewage pipeline under the road was damaged and the leaking utilities led to soil erosion, resulting in the cave-in. The civic body has assured that road will be repaired by Monday night. \"Traffic will not be affected on Tuesday as our engineers are already working hard on the stretch and in all likelihood, they will be able to complete the repair work by Monday night,\" said a senior civic official.Confirming the incident, assistant municipal commissioner Devidas Khsirsagar said, \"A part of the road near Regal Cinema collapsed. It is a very important stretch and we are trying our level best to ensure that the traffic is opened as soon as possible. Roads department engineers, who have started working on it, have dug up a part of the road to repair it on an urgent basis. The blocked portion may be reopened on Tuesday.\" The traffic department, however, issued an appeal to motorists, asking them to continue taking the Cooperage Road diversion.According to the roads department of the BMC, the different parts of the city have witnessed more than 30 incidents of cave-ins. A 4-ft portion of Pedder Road collapsed at Gamadia Junction last Wednesday. The cave-in, said officials, occurred after a slab of an old stormwater drain under the road gave way.Previous Major incident of Cave-in14 Jul '12: - A part of road leading to Gazdarbandh Nallah caved in Santacruz (west)11 July 2012 - Cave in on Peddar Road, near Gamadia Junction18 june 2012 - Cave in at Santoshi Mata Road, Bhandup22 May 2012 - Old Nagardas Road, near municipal School. 5 people were injured when autorickshaw turned turtle.7 Aug, 2011 - Dharavi, Sant Rohidas Chowk, near Mahim-Dharavi bridge", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011276", "title": "Nagpur Improvement Trust to build super-specialty hospital at Wanjri", "text": "NAGPUR: Civic agency Nagpur Improvement Trust's (NIT's) plan to construct a state-of-the-art multi-speciality hospital at Wanjri in North Nagpur has now materialized with the Trust floating tenders for the work. The project will be executed on design, build, own, operate and transfer (DBOOT) basis. A NIT official said the hospital would have minimum 100 beds in the first phase and 200 when fully constructed.NIT trustee Dayashankar Tiwari said as per government norms any private hospital that comes up on government land has to treat poor patients at concessional rates. \"State government has defined two category of persons. One having annual income of below Rs 25,000 and is between Rs 25,000 and Rs 50,000. The type of treatment and their rates are fixed by the government,\" he said.Tiwari, wo also heads standing committee of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), further said NIT had a plot of over one lakh square feet in Wanjri. \"It is reserved for hospital. As NIT does not have expertise and staff to operate a hospital, we are taking the help of private operator. The project will benefit the poor get good medical services at concessional rates.\" Strangely, Nitin Raut, EGS minister and North Nagpur MLA, is unaware of the project.The operator will get the plot on a 90-year lease. After that it will renewed after every 30 years. A single firm or a consortium can bid for the project. The minimum tangible net worth of bidder or the lead bidder of the consortium should be Rs 10 crore. The bidder or any of the bidders of the consortium should have expertise of running a super-speciality hospital of at least 30 beds for last three financial years. The bidder will have to furnish an earnest money deposit (EMD) of Rs 80 lakh.The hospital was announced in the budget for 2010-11 along with hospitals at Khamla and Bhamti to be built on DBOOT basis. The Wanjri hospital has now gathered steam. Last date of submitting bids is July 30 and they will be opened the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bibipur village (haryana)", "code": "15010843", "title": "Village vows to let girls live", "text": "BIBIPUR VILLAGE (HARYANA): Two years ago, when a dynamic young man in his 20s called Sunil Jaglan took over as sarpanch of Bibipur village in Haryana, he was struck by the disproportionate number of bachelors in his village. A survey showed 47 unmarried men well above marriageable age. The reason? Bibipur, like the rest of Haryana, was short of women. This scarcity of women prompted Jaglan to battle female foeticide - a battle that earned Bibipur Rs 1 crore from the chief minister of Haryana earlier this week.\"Had I seen an equal number of men and women in my village, I probably wouldn't have taken up the fight against female foeticide,\" says Jaglan, who has a master's degree in mathematics. Over the last two years, he has mobilised women to sensitise the village about the issue through plays, rallies and door-to-door campaigns.There have been at least two instances of women wishing to abort female foetuses deciding against doing so because of the awareness campaign. While the women themselves wanted to abort their foetuses, their fathers-in-law stopped them from doing so. The village now boasts of several families which have only daughters. Kalavati, for instance, is a mother of five little girls. Her sister told TOI that she considered female foeticide a sin.\"There's a girl in my neighbourhood who has had a tubectomy after having only one daughter,\" says Santosh, an aanganwadi worker from the village. Santosh and her colleague Asha Rani have gone from house to house telling young women that daughters are as precious as sons, and are as capable of carrying on their family lineage. They also enlightened villagers about the health hazards of foeticide and its impact on a woman's body. They spoke of the \"disease\" called dowry, the reason why many families do not want daughters.Santosh and Asha Rani have also participated in rallies against foeticide. Jaglan's sister Ritu is an active campaigner against female foeticide and has written and acted in plays on the subject. A mahila gram sabha convened by the women of the village over a month ago resulted in the formation of committees of three men and one woman in each of the 14 wards of the village to keep an eye out for instances of foeticide.While Jaglan is aware of the tremendous social changes he can bring about as sarpanch, he is equally aware of the impact that khap panchayats (unofficial bodies of village elders) have on the region. And so he decided to rope them in for the campaign against foeticide. He sent out an invitation to all the large khaps in Haryana, Delhi, Rajasthan, UP and Punjab for a mahapanchayat sabha three days ago in Bibipur. The sabha was attended by representatives from 106 khaps and included over 1,000 people, of whom an estimated 40% were women.The mahapanchayat took a stand against female foeticide, forbade villagers from indulging in the practice and equated it with murder. In appreciation of this move, CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda has pledged Rs 1 crore to Bibipur for its development.The money will be useful as the village still has a long way to go in its battle against foeticide. Santosh points to a report on births in the village over the last six months, which shows that while 11 boys were born between January and June 2012, only three girls were born in this period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011739", "title": "New airport terminal stuck in red tape", "text": "CHENNAI: The swanky steel and glass domestic terminal at the Chennai airport has been more or less ready for three months but the Airports Authority of India is yet to decide when to throw it open for passengers.After airlines refused to move to the new terminal before amenities like restaurants, lounges and in-line baggage scanning system were introduced, AAI decided to float tenders to give commercial contracts. However, the move is stuck because the civil aviation ministry is yet to take a call on who should run the new terminals \u2014 AAI or the private consortiums that own the Delhi and Mumbai airports. The AAI Act has been amended in a way that the ministry can lease out an airport or a part of it to private companies.\"It looks like the ministry is trying to decide the best way to privatise the airport. There was a move to hand over only the terminals to private company. But, private corporations wanted complete control of the airport. There is a lot of pressure on the ministry to introduce a public private partnership model to operate Chennai airport,\" said a source.The Rs 1,212-crore airport expansion has already failed to meet a dozen deadlines over the past four years. The project was delayed due to several reasons, including land acquisition and a financial crunch. In spite of the drawbacks, works on the new domestic terminal were more or less completed by March. But, red tape delayed the opening.Aero bridges got delayed because ministry raised a security issue with ordering the equipment from a Chinese firm while the new terminal will miss in-line baggage scanning system because the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS) had a rethink on the type of system that should be used. \"BCAS and the ministry knew very well that Chennai and Kolkata airports would be completed this year. Still, they took their own time to revise how many layers of checks a bag should be put through. Now, it is too late to incorporate the changes. The new terminal will neither have an in-line baggage system nor space to install manual scanners in departure terminals,\" said an AAI official.A consultative committee of the parliamentary committee on civil aviation met in Bangalore on Monday. AAI chairman V P Agrawal will visit the airport this week to review the project.\"We will notify a date to open new domestic terminal only after aero bridges are installed,\" said airport director H S Suresh. Seven aero bridges have arrived from Jakarta , Indonesia .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012839", "title": "Pune paraglider falls to his death during Bulgaria event", "text": "PUNE: Dilip Kotecha, a 44-year-old topnotch paraglider from Pune, died a tragic death during a test event for the paragliding world championships in Bulgaria on Sunday.Kotecha was flying 120 metres above terrain in Sopot, which is known to be the best paragliding and hang-gliding crosscountry flying spot in Bulgaria, when his glider collapsed and went into a spiral dive, the event organizers said in a statement. He had problems with his rescue parachute too and landed hard on the ground. He died later from internal bleeding and injuries. Kotecha, a real-estate consultant, lived at Koregaon Park. He is survived by his wife and two children.In 1995, Kotecha did a short-term course in paragliding, which was then a new sport in India. In 2000, he made it to his first preparagliding world championship (PWC) held in Bir in the Himalayas. From 2004, he represented India in many international competitions and was ranked fifth in the country. He was also the first Indian to win on foreign soil in the pre-PWC held in Serbia in 2009.Eric Menezes, paragliding instructor and Kotecha's flying partner, said, \"His death comes as a big shock. I met him a couple of days before he left for Bulgaria and he was very excited about participating in the event. He was a senior and trained paraglider. What happened is very unfortunate. He was a humble man and loved nature.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15011907", "title": "BEd college director, staff booked for assaulting student", "text": "ROHTAK: Police on Sunday booked three persons, including the director of a BEd college, for allegedly assaulting a student, who refused to pay additional examination fee of Rs 10,000 demanded by them.Joginder Dalal, director of IPS College of Education, Research and Training and staffers Sarita and Virender, were booked for wrongful confinement, assault and criminal intimidation.The case was registered at city police station on the complaint of Rajiv Ranjan, an aggrieved student, who accused Dalal and others of assaulting him after wrongfully confining him in the college office last week.Meanwhile, students alleged that girl students of the college, especially those who are doing BEd in Yoga, were subjected to mental and physical torture by college management.Citing the contents of complaint, police said Rajiv Ranjan was locked in a room, kicked and beaten with a stick by Dalal. It also accused Dalal of making an abortive attempt at hitting him with an axe.The college director was reportedly angry as Ranjan was among students who refused to pay Rs 10,000 as additional examination fee, after paying Rs 45,000 as course fee.\"We have already paid the Rs 45,000 in tuition fees during the session. Now, they are asking Rs 10,000 for practical exams,\" he said.Police spokesperson Ved Singh said that a case under section 323 (causing hurt), 342 (wrongful confinement) and 506 (criminal intimidation) has been registered on Sunday night against Dalal, Virender Singh and Sarita, who are absconding. \"Police are conducting raids to nab them,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012425", "title": "Estranged Raj Thackeray rushes to ailing Uddhav", "text": "MUMBAI: When one cousin's heart became cause for concern, the other cousin's heart melted. On Monday, when Uddhav Thackeray, executive president of the Shiv Sena, was hospitalized on account of a suspected heart ailment, his estranged cousin Raj Thackeray cut short his two-day party conclave in Alibaug to be at his bedside at Lilavati Hospital. Later in the evening, he drove Uddhav home in a silver Mercedes. This was the first time in six years that the two had come face to face.Uddhav was in hospital for a coronary angiography. His personal physician, Dr Jalil Parker, told TOI that he was evaluated for chest discomfort. \"He will be back for a check-up soon,\" he added.However, sources in Matoshree, Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's home, and Lilavati Hospital claimed that Uddhav had multiple heart blockages and would need to undergo an angioplasty or a bypass surgery at the earliest.Sources also said that Thackeray Senior and the entire family would meet cardiologist Dr Matthew Samuel Kalarickal, who performed Monday's angiography, to discuss the next course of action. Incidentally, it was Dr Kalarickal who performed the angioplasty on the Sena patriarch three years ago.A final decision on whether Uddhav, who turns 52 on July 26, will undergo bypass surgery or opt for angioplasty will be taken by the family, the sources added. It is learned that Uddhav had gone to Lilavati Hospital on Thursday for a stress test but the results were not satisfactory. \"Hence, the doctors decided to call him on Monday morning for an angiography,\" said sources. The medical team comprised Dr Kalarickal and cardiologists Ajit Menon and Ajit Desai.But the news of his heart disease brought about what is being described as a political coup\u2014the two estranged Thackeray cousins met each other for the first time in six years. Raj had quit all Sena posts in 2005 and in 2009 had walked out of Matoshree to launch the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS).\"Uddhavji is perfectly fine. The doctors have told us there is no need to panic. Given the fact that age is on his side and that his lifestyle is healthy, a decision on angiography or bypass can be taken in the course of time,\" a close relative said.News of Uddhav's hospitalization spread like wildfire across Mumbai and Shiv Sainiks rushed to hospital. Key party leaders, too, flocked to Lilavati Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010803", "title": "Top cop to post updates on Twitter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police is finally on twitter. Search for a twitter handle named '@delhipolice2' on twitter.com and you can directly interact with the Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar.Sources said Kumar is going to handle this account himself and look at complaints/queries tweeted by Delhiites. \"There will be regular updates about new plans, upcoming projects and most importantly, complaints will be addressed,\" said a cop.Police said twitter was preferred over other social networking sites because of the 140 characters word limit so that queries and answers can be precise and to the point. Since the account's inception on July 4, Kumar has tweeted twice regarding two initiatives \u2014 Yuva and Jan Sampark Yojna \u2014 and has six followers so far. \"Once people get to know about the account, we are hopeful it will gain popularity, especially the youth,\" said an officer.Many tweeples applauded Delhi Police's foray into the micro-blogging site. \"It's a great step. The only issue may be the word limit, which may prevent people from explaining their problem,\" said Norten Menezes, a resident of Lajpat Nagar. Rajesh Chaudhry, an engineer from Burari, said, \"Now, if I spot a cop accepting a bribe, I can complain to the top cop directly. This is great.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011250", "title": "Kush murder trial to begin on day-to-day basis from October 3", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur district and sessions court will hear the sensational Kush Katariya murder case on day-to-day basis from October 3 to 18. District and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte gave these directives during hearing of the case on Monday. Special public prosecutor Ujwal Nikam, who was present during the hearing, submitted to the court a list of witnesses who will be examined during the next hearing. Additional public prosecutor Jyoti Vajani represented the prosecution while Rajendra Daga held brief for Katariya family.Earlier, the cops informed the court that co-accused - Navin and Nitin Pugaliya - had admitted to the court that they agree with the findings of Kush's post-mortem report and Panchnama of the case. Both of them were accused of helping their brother and prime accused Aayush Pugaliya in hiding the bloodstained clothes. However, Aayush declined to accept any charges against him. He was represented by newly-appointed lawyer AA Sonak as Sudeep Jaiswal had refused to plead his case owing to non-payment of fees. Navin and Nitin Pugaliya were represented by RK Tiwari.It may be recalled that Kush was kidnapped and killed on October 11 last year for a ransom of Rs2 crore. Aayush then took the child to an under construction building at Surya Nagar and killed him. He was also accused of destroying evidence leading to Kush's murder by throwing his body in a water tank and handing over the clothes smeared with blood to his brothers for concealing. A case was registered at Nandanvan police station after which Aayush was arrested within a couple of days. Later Navin and Nitin were arrested for indirectly helping Aayush by dispose off the blood-stained clothes near Kasturchand Park.The Pugaliyas, neighbours with Katariya family, had shared amicable relations before the incident. The city police had filed a 259-pages charge-sheet that included statements of 59 witnesses. The killing triggered massive protest in the city which resulted in chief minister Prithviraj Chavan meeting the aggrieved family and assuring them to provide Nikam's assistance for justice.During last hearing, the court had framed charges against all the three accused. Aayush was charged under Indian Penal Code Sections 302 for murder, 364A for kidnapping for ransom and 201 for destroying the evidence. for murder, kidnapping for ransom and causing disappearance of evidence respectively.His elder brothers were charged under section 201 of IPC.(With inputs from Anurag Mundhada)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010736", "title": "For speedy justice, Delhi to be divided into 11 districts", "text": "NEW DELHI: To realize the ideal of 'justice at doorstep', the city will now be divided into 11 districts for judicial and administrative work. The Delhi government has decided \"in-principle\" to carve out 11 sessions and revenue districts in the courts from the existing nine, so that people are able to get speedy justice and effective administration.At present, the capital is divided into nine districts - Central, North, South, East, Northeast, Southwest, New Delhi, Northwest and West Delhi. After re-working on the boundaries, the 11 new judicial and revenue districts are: Central, East, West, North, South, Najafgarh, Saraswati Vihar, Kalkaji, Preet Vihar, Seelampur and New Delhi.This means that now there will be a chief metropolitan magistrate and an additional chief metropolitan magistrate each in the courts for the 11 districts, and the work of the sessions courts will also be divided district-wise. In the revenue department, the work will be decentralized with 11 newly created districts, each having its own district magistrate.\"Keeping in view the recommendations of the committee and uneven population in the nine districts, it became imminent to amend the boundaries of nine districts and develop them into 11 revenue &amp; sessions districts,\" stated the government official.This comes after the law department of the Delhi government sent a proposal to the government for enabling the division of the capital into 11 districts so that the work of the judiciary and the revenue department gets divided according to their respective areas.The committee, comprising additional secretary (law and justice) Tarun Sehrawat, additional secretary (home) Ajay Chagti and the then deputy commissioner (northwest) Amit Singla, also proposed that there should be uniformity in the administrative district boundaries, judicial, civil, sessions and the police boundaries for the convenience of the general public.While re-dividing the districts, the committee noted that the population of the capital was over 1.6 crore and re-ordering of the districts was required to provide speedy justice.At present, the work of the trial courts has been divided into nine districts for the civil cases. For criminal jurisdiction, however, there is only one chief metropolitan magistrate. In the revenue department, the present setup of nine districts along with 27 sub-divisions has been in existence since 1997 when a division commissioner remained as the lone district magistrate for the entire capital as far as the discharge of magisterial work was concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram/kochi", "code": "15012311", "title": "Govt to offer free treatment for pregnant women soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/KOCHI: A central government programme to provide free services and treatment to pregnant women and newborns will be launched in the state soon.Besides rolling out the Janani Shishu Suraksha Karyakram (JSSK), the state government has also decided to set up four more hospitals dedicated to women and children at a cost of Rs 96 crore at Ponnanni in Malappuram district, Vaikkom in Kottayam and in Wayanad's Sulthan Batheri, besides one in Thrissur district hospital.The JSSK would ensure quality post-natal care for women, since most deaths were reported during the postpartum period. It would also provide free treatment to newborns (up to 30 days) in government-run health institutions.Though most states have already launched the scheme, Kerala started late due to a JSSK provision which mandated the state to provide free transportation facility to pregnant women to and from the hospital.However, the state health department has now decided to launch an ambulance service this month under the Centre's national rural health mission (NRHM) project. The project would be implemented in phases across the state.\"Each mother will be given free food, medicine and blood, if required. If case of caesarean, the hospital will bear even the incidental costs. Though all government hospitals do caesarean sessions free of cost, the patient will have to bear many out-of-pocket expenses. The NRHM will bear all such expenses under the JSSK,\" said NRHM's Kerala director, Dr M Beena.\"We have given a proposal to the government for buying 289 vehicles. The service will be offered on the lines of 108 ambulance services. Dedicated telephone numbers will be made available for the patients to seek transportation,\" Beena said. \"Until we get adequate vehicles, we may give them conveyance charges,\" she added.As all government hospitals do not have canteen facilities, the authorities are planning to rope in Kudumbshree workers to preparing meals for women. The NRHM will reimburse expenses incurred in buying blood, if it has to be procured from outside the hospital.\"Transportation will also be provided to newborns in case the baby requires any medical aid during the first 30 days. Normally, it is during this period that the infant mortality is very high,\" said Dr Sreedhar, additional director of health services, Kerala.Janani Shishu Suraksha Karyakram, the central government programme, would ensure quality post-natal care for women, since most deaths are reported during the postpartum period. It would also provide free treatment to newborns (up to 30 days) in government-run health institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15012193", "title": "Gleeful students mark first day", "text": "As dawn set on the horizon, they rolled, stretched themselves and were finally wide awake. Backpacks, books, newly-purchased writing material, once stowed away in a closet, were now everywhere.Submerged in excitement, the brightly-dressed students grabbed their belongings, and off they went in high hopes as the new academic session began on Monday. Well, there were some who did face the Monday blues.For newcomers, the college gates seemed like a portcullis, housing a majestic building some distance away - their place of study that would hone their skills to perfection. There was an uncanny rush of students in city colleges - Khalsa College for Women , Civil Lines; Guru Nanak Khalsa College, Model Town; Gujranwaala Guru Nanak Khalsa College for Women, Model Town, and Government College for Women.On the first day, most of them either wandered around the corridors exploring the place or spent time in the canteens or outdoors, discussing their dresses and the way they spent the vacations. Some talked about their first impressions of their respective colleges. Administration has put a ban on ragging but there were instances where senior students did try ways to tease the newcomers, making them sing, dance or do mimicry.Keeping all this at bay, the start of a new academic session is always fun. Students begin their shopping spree nearly a month before studies resume, and select branded T-shirts and great-looking dresses, and footwear. For a newcomer, the first academic day is like a fresh beginning, when they can make their first impression. And, it does matter!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "puttur", "code": "15012585", "title": "I am at party\u2019s disposal, says Sadananda Gowda", "text": "Puttur: Former CM DV Sadananda Gowda put to rest speculations surrounding his political future after making way for Jagadish Shettar. Taking a cue for former US President John F Kennedy's immortal words - Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country - Sadananda Gowda said here, \"I must ask the party what I can do for it, for the party has given me everything that an individual could aspire for.\" Describing himself as the biggest beneficiary of BJP, Gowda addressing party workers at a felicitation programme organised here on Monday to dedicate his tenure to them, and to seek forgiveness of Sri Mahalingeshwara, presiding deity of Mahathobhara Sri Mahalingeshwara Temple, for mistakes committed, if any, said, \"My services are at the disposal of the party and they can choose to utilize me in any manner they deem fit.\" Observing that he did not face any administrative troubles during his 331-days tenure as CM, Sadananda Gowda said, he could have prolonged his tenure by a few more days if he so wanted. \"Normally, MLAs desert a CM who puts in his papers. But, I had the support of 63 MLAs after I decided to quit and could have easily mustered support of another 12-odd MLAs and bolster my numbers in the number game that was being played out,\" he said. Stating that the only reason he chose not to do so was to ensure that governance in the state that is facing its worst ever drought situation in the past 42-years would have been derailed if he had prolonged the drama. \"It was at my insistence that the party leadership decided to take a call on effecting a change in leadership after I explained to them that political imbroglio in the state unit of the party is having a bearing on daily administration,\" he said. Dedicating the Sakaala scheme as his gift to the state, Gowda said 45 more services would be added to it shortly; adding that disposal rates of queries under Sakaala in Karnataka in last three months is 99.2%. Shetty sticks to his guns!CM Jagadish Shettar has failed to mollify Kundapur MLA Haladi Srinivas Shetty, who has been hurt over his non-inclusion in the cabinet. Law minister S Suresh Kumar deputed by Shettar to talk to Shetty in Kundapur on Monday, returned to Bangalore without any positive results.Shetty is scheduled to submit his resignation from the assembly membership to the speakeron Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011197", "title": "US gates shut, sex workers to hold global meet in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Come Saturday and the city of book fairs and film festivals will witness a festival of a different kind. Kolkata is getting ready to host the Freedom Festival of Sex Workers, which will run parallel to the XIX International AIDS Conference being organized in Washington DC from Sunday. Nearly 900 participants representing 27 countries from all continents will be in Kolkata to attend this meet that will have direct communication through a satellite link with the venue in Washington DC.The conference in Kolkata will be a sort of protest platform against the alleged hypocrisy practised by the US administration. Though travel restrictions against the HIV-positive were lifted by the US in 2009, those who have 'sold sex' or used drugs aren't allowed entry by the US, even if these activities aren't illegal in the countries where these people live. Under these circumstances, few sex workers - who run the greatest risk of contracting the deadly disease - would be able to attend the conference in Washington DC and it is likely to turn into a meet for policy makers that will have little practical use.The conference in Kolkata will try to make the sex workers' voice be heard in Washington. The aims are to assert the rights of sex workers and celebrate their freedom. Named the XIX International AIDS Conference (Hub) 2012, Kolkata, the meet is being hosted by the Durbar Mahila Samanwaya Committee (DMSC) along with the Global Network of Sex Workers Project (NSWP), in partnership with Asia Pacific Network of Sex Workers (APNSW) and the All India Network of Sex Workers (AINSW). The conference will commemorate 20 years of the Sonagachi Intervention Programme, the most successful sex workers' led HIV intervention programme in the world.Apart from sex workers, the Kolkata conference will see representatives from more than a 100 sex workers' organizations, technical experts, government officials, ministers, parliamentarians, policy makers, donors and members from UN agencies.\"Sex workers form the most significant groups that are capable of participating effectively in the HIV/AIDS programme. This conference will highlight how community-owned processes make progress in HIV intervention, since sex workers represent a powerful tool in spreading awareness against AIDS,\" said Smarajit Jana, chairperson of the conference and chief adviser of DMSC.According to him, the conference shall focus on crystallizing policy issues centering on rights and social justice of marginalized communities and its implication in health interventions. Sex workers' networks that participate in the conference would develop a long-term plan of action to decriminalize the environment in which they work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15011533", "title": "Industrialists in Ambad press for separate police station", "text": "NASHIK: After a robbery in an industrial unit in the industrial area of the Ambad industrial area along the Mumbai-Agra national highway, local industrialists have demanded a separate police station. They have also demanded enhanced night patrolling by the police.In the wee hours of Sunday, a gang of around nine robbers carrying sticks and iron rods and with their faces covered, and armed with sticks and iron rods, entered the industrial unit Weldcon India Pvt Ltd. Threatening the two watchmen on duty there with dire consequences, the robbers entered the industrial unit where about five to six labourers were working. Subsequently, the dacoits also threatened the labourers and forced everyone including the watchmen in a room inside the industrial unit and tied the watchmen and labourers upwith pieces of cloth.Having done with the watchmen and labourers, They made away with copper bars and cash, all worth Rs 3.39 lakh. Later, one of the labourers broke free and contacted the owner of the company, Vijay Padol, who then reported the incident to the Ambad police. DCP DS Swami, Sandeep Diwan, ACP Sandeep Palve and other senior officials of the police commissionerate and Ambad police reached the spot.Meanwhile, the president of the Ambad Industries and Manufacturers'Association (AIMA), Suresh Mali informed TOI, that he had spoken to the Ambad police to intensify night patrolling on account of the recent incident. He said that since a long time, the of Ambad have been demanding a separate police station for the industrial area, considering that the Ambad police have too large an area under their jurisdiction to focus on the industrial area.Mali further said that they have also proposed the police to set up a police station on an area of two acres opposite Glaxo company. However, as of now, there is only a police chowky, which has a couple of constables. \"The Ambad industrial area is spread on nearly 500 hectares with 2,000 small and big companies. With thousands of people here working in different shift, their security is important,\" Mali added.The AIMA president said that while he has spoken to the PI of the Ambad Police Station with regard to enhancing the security cover, he would also be meeting senior officials of the commissionerate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014317", "title": "YRF denied permission to shoot in Chandigarh", "text": "Yash Raj Films, the production house that made 'sarson ke khet' and Punjab popular in Hindi cinema, has been refused permission to shoot in Chandigarh.Mere Dad Ki Maruti, a venture of Y Films, the youth projects division of YRF, has been shot entirely in and around the city. However, when the makers wanted to shoot a flash mob sequence in Sector 17, they were turned back by the authorities.Sector 17, an area that is always crowded may get chaotic if a film shoot is held there, thought the authorities.When contacted, producer Ashish Patil from YRF confirmed the story and said, \"Its true we couldn't do the flash mob. We understand the authorities' concern about the crowd.\"A source from the set told us, \"We have shot the entire film in Chandigarh. In fact, we also did a few scenes in Punjab University over the weekends (when classes were not held). However, this particular sequence in Sector 17 didn't turn out the way we had planned. We had applied way in advance but it got rejected.\"The makers wanted to capture live reaction of the audience during a flash mob for the sequence. YRF has shot memorable sequences of Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge, Veer Zaara and Bachna Ae Haseeno in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15012623", "title": "Karnataka Examinations Authority issues new guidelines", "text": "Mangalore: The Karnataka Examinations Authority (KEA) has issued new guidelines for CET rank holders to clear the confusion over seat option entry and other online processes of admission to professional courses.Admitting that there were a few initial hiccups in the online counselling process KEA nodal officer for CET Mangalore helpline centre C Suresh Thunga said, \"These confusions had cropped up because the online counselling process was introduced for the first time. Students should study the seat matrix table thoroughly before exercising their option.\"The colleges which are not in the seat matrix are likely to be added to the list as soon as the college authorities resolve their problems. Hence, the candidates should always be in touch with the seat matrix. \"If a candidate has already entered the options, he/she can modify it before July 19,\" he added.He advised students not to link the final seat allotment with the mock allotment. \"The final allotment of seats will be announced on July 25. KEA will send a message to the candidates' mobile number or email ID. If a candidate does not get the message, he/she should contact KEA immediately,\" he added.Candidates should go through the fee structure published on the KEA website. The fee shall be paid only by way of demand drafts bought in favour of KEA payable at the respective helpline centres. \"The candidates with their parents must be present at the helpline centre to receive the admission order without fail,\" he added.They should bring CET admission ticket, green card and verification slip issued at the time of verification of documents to collect the admission order.The candidates who had appeared for previous year's CET should bring their original certificates and a copy of their transfer certificate.Those who are willing to join government medical colleges should bring an affidavit for Rs 100 on e-stamp paper for compulsory rural service.The course option process for CET rank holders had started on July 12 and will end on July 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15011460", "title": "Bali, Cuncolim locals gun for PWD", "text": "MARGAO: Angered over receiving contaminated water, the residents of Bali and Cuncolim under the banner of 'Utth Kukalkar Sanghatana' (UKS) demanded that the PWD intervenes immediately and addresses their grievances.\"The water we receive from the PWD water pipelines is meant for consumption and we pay for this water, but it is muddy and hazardous,\" said UKS president Prajyot Desai in a statement issued on Monday.UKS members added that they were aware of the public promises made by the PWD department regarding directions to take necessary action but said that the same were issued a week ago and questioned if the PWD expects them to consume the polluted water in the meantime. Desai said that the villagers were scared about the outbreak of waterborne diseases and lamented the lack of contingency planning on the part of the government.UKS members demanded that the PWD give them a waiver in the water bills as they had failed to provide the basic function of providing clean water.PWD officials, when contacted on Monday, said that they were looking into the matter at the earliest.A high content of manganese in raw water at the Selaulim water treatment plant has forced authorities to restrict water supply by about 40MLD to the densely populated talukas of Salcete and Mormugao. PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar recently assured the house that concentration of manganese in the Selaulim water would be brought to below 0.5mg and directed the mines and the forest and environment departments to clear all mining dumps located within 200m of the Selaulim dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15012604", "title": "Udupi diocese comes into existence", "text": "Mangalore: The long-awaited Udupi diocese was formed on Monday and Most Rev Jerald Isaac Lobo, bishop of Shimoga diocese, has been appointed as the first Bishop of it by Pope Benedict XVI. The announcement was made simultaneously in Kallianpur-Milagres Church, Our Lady of Dolours chapel inside the Bishop House, Mangalore, Nunciature in New Delhi and Holy See in Vatican at 3.30pm IST. The announcement came on the day of Our Lady of Mount Carmel's feast. In Kallianpur-Milagres Church, Most Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza, Mangalore bishop made the announcement. Vicar general Msgr Denis Prabhu and chancellor Fr Henry Sequeira announced the same in Mangalore. Udupi diocese comprises 48 parishes in Karkala, Shirva, Udupi, Kallianpur and Kundapur deaneries. According to the canonist and chancellor Fr Henry Sequeira, the new bishop will have to take charge of the new diocese within two months. Vicar general Prabhu said Mangalore diocese, which has a history of more than five centuries, has grown since 1515. It has served, in the initial years, the faithful of the dioceses of Calicut, Kannur, Gulbaga and six Syro Malabar- Malankara dioceses before they were established.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15012810", "title": "Test check finds solar lights non-functional", "text": "PATNA: If the test check undertaken in a panchayat of a block in Saran district is representative of the fate of solar lights scheme undertaken in different parts of the state, then the scheme is a total flop. This came to light in course of hearing of a case by the State Information Commission (SIC).Going by the test check report, solar lights seem to have failed to light up the habitats, thanks to corruption at the local level. The lights' batteries were found being used for personal purposes instead of lighting up the village in the test case.On the orders of the SIC, an inquiry was conducted by the Saran DM in Kakarhat panchayat under Daryapur block and all sorts of irregularities came to light. In seven villages of that panchayat, solar lights had been installed at a cost of Rs 17.17 lakh, with each solar light costing Rs 39,500. The probe was made following an order passed by information commissioner Farzand Ahmed pursuant to a plea by RTI activist Nand Kishore Sharma.Initially, the BDO of Daryapur block informed the RTI activist there was no irregularity in installation of solar lights and everything was in order. Finding the reply unsatisfactory, Sharma, through second appeal, approached the SIC. Ahmed directed the Saran DM to conduct an inquiry in the entire district.The DM, as a case study, ordered inquiry in one panchayat and its report was submitted to the SIC. The report said most of the solar lights were non-functional, batteries were being used for personal work and even if any solar light was working, it was installed at someone's house. The lights were stolen from some villages, the report said. The SIC closed the case after this report.In villages across the state, funds to install solar lights had been provided under the Backward Region Grant Fund. In a power-starved state, this facility was meant to light up villages, but corruption at local level frustrated the very purpose of the scheme.\"If this is the situation in one panchayat, one can visualize what would have happened in more than 8,000 panchayats in the state,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram/kochi", "code": "15010341", "title": "Govt to offer free treatment for pregnant women soon", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram/KOCHI: A central government programme to provide free services and treatment to pregnant women and newborns will be launched in the state soon.Besides rolling out the Janani Shishu Suraksha Karyakram (JSSK), the state government has also decided to set up four more hospitals dedicated to women and children at a cost of Rs 96 crore at Ponnanni in Malappuram district, Vaikkom in Kottayam and in Wayanad's Sulthan Batheri, besides one in Thrissur district hospital.The JSSK would ensure quality post-natal care for women, since most deaths were reported during the postpartum period. It would also provide free treatment to newborns (up to 30 days) in government-run health institutions.Though most states have already launched the scheme, Kerala started late due to a JSSK provision which mandated the state to provide free transportation facility to pregnant women to and from the hospital.However, the state health department has now decided to launch an ambulance service this month under the Centre's national rural health mission (NRHM) project. The project would be implemented in phases across the state.\"Each mother will be given free food, medicine and blood, if required. If case of caesarean, the hospital will bear even the incidental costs. Though all government hospitals do caesarean sessions free of cost, the patient will have to bear many out-of-pocket expenses. The NRHM will bear all such expenses under the JSSK,\" said NRHM's Kerala director, Dr M Beena.\"We have given a proposal to the government for buying 289 vehicles. The service will be offered on the lines of 108 ambulance services. Dedicated telephone numbers will be made available for the patients to seek transportation,\" Beena said. \"Until we get adequate vehicles, we may give them conveyance charges,\" she added.As all government hospitals do not have canteen facilities, the authorities are planning to rope in Kudumbshree workers to preparing meals for women. The NRHM will reimburse expenses incurred in buying blood, if it has to be procured from outside the hospital.\"Transportation will also be provided to newborns in case the baby requires any medical aid during the first 30 days. Normally, it is during this period that the infant mortality is very high,\" said Dr Sreedhar, additional director of health services, Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "15012440", "title": "Miscreants kill PRD personnel", "text": "BAHRAICH: A Prantiya Rakshak Dal personnel was killed by some unidentified miscreants, and his dead body was recovered from Ghaghra river. Police have sent the dead body of the PRD personnel for post-mortem. The dead body has deep cut marks of some sharp-edged weapons.Reportedly Magan Bihari (45), a resident of Dahav village under Hardi police station was PRD personnel at Tejwapur block. He was on his duty and went to block organiser's office on Saturday and returned home in the evening. Meanwhile he received a call from Dayaram Pandey, a resident of Boundi. Magan was to repay Rs 500 to Dayaram, so he took money from his wife and went to Boundi but did not return home till late night. The family members searched him a lot, but no clue of him was found. Next day few persons spotted a dead body in Ghaghra river and informed the police. The dead body was identified to be of Magan Bihari. The police seized the dead body and sent it for post-mortem. The station officer Chandra Prakash told that the cause of death is yet o be ascertained and the case of murder has been registered on the application of deceased's wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012412", "title": "Street theatre stages a comeback in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Street theatre has made a comeback on Manaveeyam Road. Trivi Arts, a collective of theatre artists and stage technology practitioners held a puppet show here on Sunday to revive the street theatre movement that was discontinued due to production issues. The city responded with a gentle applause. Soon, tea stalls, Kudumbasree workers and even the police, chipped in to do their bit.Manaveeyam Veedhi, launched in 2001 as an initiative of the department of culture and Thiruvananthapuram corporation, has now roped in Abhinaya Centre for Theatre Research to conduct street plays on Sunday evenings.\"It was difficult to come up with a new play every Sunday. The theatre hit a rough patch on the production front but folk songs continued to entertain passers-by,\" said theatre actor Bilas Nair who, along with his friend Bandhu Prasad, has conceptualized 'The Puppet Show' based on Panchatantra stories.\"We want to stage at least two plays a month. Most of the plays can be held on the sidewalk. Bigger productions with dialogue may need a restriction on vehicular noise and road space. We will request the police to enforce traffic restrictions from 5.30pm for bigger productions,\" said Prasad.The road has seen some creative moments in the past when the Living Theatre Group, New York, presented a production here in 2002. Government College of Fine Arts, Thiruvananthapuram, used to showcase their work and even paint caricatures of spectators and artists for a small fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012107", "title": "Marriage registration official held for accepting bribe", "text": "PUNE: The Pune anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Monday arrested a marriage registration official for accepting a Rs 300 bribe from a software engineer in order to issue a notice required for marriage.The suspect, Ramchandra Maruti Parekar (57), is a resident of Navi Peth. A complaint has been lodged by Deepti Chandrakant Nirmale (24) of Mayur Colony, Kothrud.Assistant commissioner of police (ACB) Hemant Bhat said that Nirmale, who is getting married in August, had gone to the marriage registration office at the district collectorate on July 12. \"She had filled in the form and attached the necessary documents,\" Bhat said.When she approached Parekar, he demanded Rs 700 to issue the notice. When Nirmale asked about the charges, Parekar told her that he would not issue the notice without the money. \"Nirmale approached the ACB on Monday and lodged a complaint,\" Bhat said.ACB officials laid a trap and nabbed Parekar while accepting Rs 300 from Nirmale. \"Investigations have revealed that on July 1, Nirmale's sister had got married. At that time Parekar had accepted Rs 4,000 for marriage registration from her,\" Bhat said.The investigating team comprised police inspectors Bharat Bhosale, Sangita Patil, police constables Mohan Jadhav and V T Kanchan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010906", "title": "HC fines Kandla Port Trust lease holders", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court fined every salt manufacturer whose lease period expired last year Rs 20,000 each. They have been asked to deposit the amount with the Kandla Port Trust (KPT) that issued eviction notices to them earlier this year.Turning down their appeal against KPT's decision to evict them after non-renewal of leases, a bench of justices D H Waghela and G B Shah observed, \"These are some rare cases in which lurking beneath the legalese are apparent attempts at gaining or regaining an unfair advantage at any public or private cost...\" The appellants (lease holders) have been engaging the KPT and Centre in legal battles one after other the other simultaneously in at least four forums, without even depositing the huge amounts of compensation and fees, for which bills are already raised by KPT.\"According to the case details, these salt manufacturers were leased separate parcels of land by KPT which expired in 2003-04. They continued to possess the land measuring over 16,000 acres and moved the Delhi high court by filing a PIL. Meanwhile, KPT renewed the lease till 2011 and conveyed to lease holders its decision to not extend the term thereafter.Last year, KPT asked them to return possession of the land but the manufacturers moved the Gujarat HC demanding a stay on eviction notice, recovery and adjustment of compensation bills. In its order, the bench noticed after lengthy arguments that the appellants sought adjournment in order to move to the Supreme Court.When the cases were pending before various courts, KPT began repossessing the land after issuing eviction notices. This brought the salt manufacturers to the HC seeking a stay on eviction process, but the court declined their plea earlier this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15012034", "title": "Shravan fast: Girls pray for perfect match", "text": "LUDHIANA: Thousands of devotees of Lord Shiva visited various Shiv temples on the first Monday of Shravan. City residents too observed fast and witnessed special Ganga aarti on the occasion.Shravan is the fifth month of the Hindu calendar and has special religious and cultural significance. The significance of Shravan Somvar is even more for young girls, who observe the fast on all the Mondays of the month and believe that doing so will get them a good husband.Jyoti Sharma, a fashion designer and resident of Civil Lines, said, \"I am a staunch believer in Lord Shiva and I start my 40-day fasts from this month. I believe every day in this month is auspicious and fasting will help purify my soul.\" She added, \"One of my friend also believes the same and fasts with me throughout the month. As a part of the ritual, every day in the morning we go to the temple to seek Lord Shiva's blessings.\"\"According to my mom, observing fast during Shravan month is very auspicious especially for young unmarried girls. It's said that seeking Lord Shiva's blessings during this month help girls get a suitable match. I am observing these fasts for the first time and am hopeful to get a good life partner,\" said Seerat Dhir, a student and resident of Basant Avenue.27-year-old homemaker Parul Goel, who resides in South City, said, \"I get internal strength when I worship Lord Shiva, during this one month. Moreover, I believe observing fasts on all Mondays of the month gets me all I desire.\"Talking about popular beliefs related to the festival, Rajrani Gupta, said, \"It is believed that during these days Lord Shiva had drunk poison, which came out during the Samundar Manthan. Thus, during this time water from Ganga is offered to remove the effects of poison.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011072", "title": "Monica Kirnapure murder trial adjourned till July 24", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte on Monday adjourned the hearing on the first day of Monica Kirnapure murder case till July 24 after defence lawyer Sudeep Jaiswal informed the court that he would abstain from appearing due to lawyers' strike called by the District Bar Association (DBA).Special public prosecutor Ujwal Nikam was present in the court as the trial was supposed to be conducted on day-to-day basis. He too had to return to Mumbai due to adjournment. Earlier, he had moved an amendment application for adding a charge of criminal conspiracy against the accused stating that they intended to kill another girl Vrushali from the same hostel where Monica was living but had mistakenly killed latter.The third year student from Rajashree Mulak College of Engineering was repeatedly stabbed on March 11 last year in full public glare. The murder resulted in massive outrage against the police by the citizens. A 'Justice for Monica' campaign was launched by the citizens as cops failed to nab her assailants for a long time. Many candle marches were organized to express solidarity with Kirnapures and action against culprits.It ended when police booked seven persons for her murder. Deceased's father Dashrath had made an appeal to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister RR Patil to appoint Nikam, who had just then successfully pleaded case against Mumbai's 26/11 terrorist attack accused Ajmal Kasab , to plead case against his daughter's kllers. The chargesheet was prepared in June last year but the trial could commence only now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15011518", "title": "House congratulates Patricia Rosario", "text": "PORVORIM: Members of the Goa legislative assembly on Monday congratulated Goan musician Patricia Rosario for having been awarded the prestigious fellowship of the Royal College of Music, London. The resolution was moved by St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh.Wagh, in his resolution said, \"This house unanimously congratulates Rosario for having been awarded the prestigious fellowship of the Royal College of Music, London, thus bringing laurels to Goa since she is the first Goan and only second Indian after musician Zubin Mehta , who has been awarded such a fellowship.\"Wagh said that he is proud that Rosario is associated with the Kala Academy and urged the state government to felicitate her next month, when she will be in Goa to conduct a workshop for children.Leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane added that Rosario had been associated with the Kala Academy for the last two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15009876", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: Social, political bodies protest at Last Gate", "text": "GUWAHATI: Words of condemnation echoed in front of the assembly complex with several organisations from different parts of the state gathering at Dispur Last Gate on Monday, protesting against the July 9 molestation of a teenaged girl in the city.The women's wing of All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) took out a protest rally at Dispur Last Gate, demanding immediate arrest of all the culprits involved in the molestation case.\"In our country, we worship women. But the July 9 molestation of a teenaged girl in a busy place like Guwahati has shamed all of us before the world. We feel disgusted. The incident has raised questions about the safety of women under the Tarun Gogoi government. There were many women who had undergone such humiliation and suffering. It is our earnest demand to the government to ensure that women in our state are safe and punish the culprits,\" AIUDF women's wing president and legislator Gul Aktara Begum said.The AIUDF women's wing's protest was later joined by its party leader and legislator, Sirajuddin Ajmal, who said that the recent molestation incident has exposed the \"jungle raj\" prevailing in the state.\"The molestation of the young girl was the worst of a series of attacks and crimes against women and common people. For 45 minutes, the girl suffered at the hands of wolves in a busy place like Guwahati. If such is the situation in Guwahati, other parts of the state are worse. Nobody is safe in the state. Even I was attacked by goons. Legislator Rumi Nath was assaulted and activist Akhil Gogoi was manhandled by miscreants. There is total jungle raj now in the state,\" Ajmal said.Even though other organisations gathered at the Last Gate with their individual charter of demands, they were very vocal in condemning the molestation and demanding justice for the victim.\"We are disgusted by the July 9 incident. Assam is a land of great women like Joymoti and Mula Gabhoru. Yet women in the state are subjected to various atrocities and harassment. Close on the heels of the Guwahati molestation case, a woman was molested by an Army Jawan in Sivasagar. Women are really unsafe now in Assam. The government has shown it has failed,\" M I Bora, chief secretary of Upper Assam Muslim Kalyan Parishad, said.The All Assam Shramik Krishak Kalyan Parishad (AASKKP) has demanded imposition of President's Rule in the state, claiming that the Gogoi government has failed to provide security to the common people.\"Molestation of women, kidnappings and extortions are taking place almost on a regular basis. As there is a total failure in law and order situation, we demand President's Rule in the state,\" AASKKP secretary general Pradip Kalita said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15011394", "title": "Electronic media can cover assembly", "text": "PORVORIM: The row over the coverage of assembly proceedings by TV channels and photographers ended with speaker Rajendra Arlekar agreeing to allow channels to cover the proceedings live, following a meeting on Monday. Initially, photographers were told to click photos only during Question Hour, while TV channels had to take footage from the assembly secretariat facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011227", "title": "Traffic pain for Metro gain", "text": "KOLKATA: Those who commute along Diamond Harbour Road daily, brace for the worst. As the Joka-BBD Bag Metro reaches its most crucial phase - building of the viaduct along the Taratala flyover and Majherhat bridge - the entire western flank of DH Road beside the flyover and the bridge will have to be shut, forcing police to scout for alternative routes to channelise the mammoth vehicular traffic that takes DH Road every day.The closure of one flank would naturally put tremendous pressure on James Long Sarani and Tollygunge Circular Road with north-bound vehicles for the central business district (CBD) taking these alternate routes instead. The vehicles taking JL Sarani will go straight, cross Sahapur Sarani (TC Road) and move further into New Alipore to take Nalini Ranjan Avenue and take a left to take Majherhat bridge. Similarly, the CBD-bound vehicles from Taratala Road will take TC Road and then take Nalini Ranjan Avenue.The traffic police are, however, worried about the condition of TC Road. \"The southern flank of TC Road has been dug up for laying an underground drainage line, forcing us to turn it into a one-way lane from Petrol Pump to Triangular Park. Though the pipeline has been laid, the surface is in bad condition and the Kolkata Municipal Corporation is taking too long to lay the new surface,\" said a traffic police officer.For this route, the Metro Railway has adopted the most non-invasive way of construction that won't require demolition of any structure. The elevated track will run parallel to Taratala flyover along the western sidewalk of DH Road. Initially, the Metro Railway had spoken to the Kolkata Port Trust about the proposed acquisition of some land and buildings, including the CESC zonal office at Taratala, a warehouse and the Government Mint ground. Accordingly, the KoPT had initiated dialogues with its lessees.However, to toe the ruling Trinamool Congress's professed stand against forcible acquisition of land, the Metro later changed its stance and took a non-invasive approach. \"We are now erecting pillars on the sidewalks. The only building to be demolished is that of an NGO that runs a vocational training centre for women. We will give them an alternative site and a building as the rehab package. We are also awaiting the nod of the ministry of finance as the viaduct will run in front of the Alipore Mint,\" said a senior Metro official.To avoid destruction of the Taratala flyover and Majherhat bridge, the viaduct will then take a left-turn and go along the left flank of DH Road. It will then cross the suburban railway track alongside Majherhat bridge and take the DH Road median to go till Mominpur. From there, it will go underground.To take the pressure off DH Road, the city police will convert JL Sarani into a one-way lane. During the morning peak hours from 9 to 11 am, traffic will ply from south to north along JL Sarani. During the evening peak hours from 7 to 9 pm, the movement will be reversed. Vehicles that take Taratala flyover and Majherhat Bridge will have no problem. But those which normally head north along the surface road beside the flyover will be diverted along JL Sarani.\"Most stretches of DH Road or JL Sarani have far exceeded their saturation point. During peak hours, it is very difficult for JL Sarani to accommodate the extra pressure that the wide DH Road has carried so far. We are also thinking of converting TC Road into a one-way road till Triangular Park. Traffic will ply west to east along it and from east to west along its parallel Pandit Ganendra Prasad Goswami Sarani during the morning peak hours, with the movement reversed along both during the evening peak hours,\" explained a senior Kolkata Traffic Police officer.From Joka, the Metro viaduct was constructed along the median of DH Road, mainly barricading the space reserved for a double-line tram track. Here, the construction of pillars became easy after some underground utility services were shifted. But the problem started surfacing with the construction site at Taratala. Since the flyover and the Majherhat bridge are vital links for vehicular movement along DH Road, it was planned that the viaduct will take a left-turn and run alongside these two structures.DH Road, particularly, is the vital link to the furthest end of South 24-Parganas. It handles a mammoth volume of traffic. So, any construction creates a massive bottleneck for vehicles. And, the Metro construction is bound to create problems.However, the people of Behala and Thakurpukur, who are most likely to be affected by this, are not complaining. The Metro will make commuting to and from CBD a cakewalk for them. \"Our only plea to the ministry of railways is to see that no time is lost in its implementation,\" said Anirban Mitra, the president of Behala-Thakurpukur Daily Commuters' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012515", "title": "23 engineering colleges lack quality", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Education minister P K Abdu Rabb told the assembly on Monday that 23 engineering colleges, found wanting in academic quality and infrastructure, have been given a year's time to improve the facilities.Their academic standard and quality of education will be evaluated a year later. ``The government will initiate necessary action if the improvement is not satisfactory,'' he said while replying to questions raised by P C George, M V Sreyams Kumar, N Jayaraj and Roshy Augustine on the deteriorating standards of private engineering colleges\"Since we cannot resort to extreme steps like closing them down immediately, reasonable time to implement recommendations of the expert committee is being given to these institutes,'' he said. The committee was constituted following a directive by the Kerala high court on September 22, 2011, to recommend quality parameters for private colleges.\"We've stopped allotting new BTech courses in those colleges where the pass percentage is less than 40 percent,\" the minister said.The minister further said that the government has constituted industry interaction cell in all the engineering colleges with a view to promoting interaction with the industry.The minister said the proposed technical university would help in bringing more effective control mechanisms over private engineering colleges and ensure better academic standards.Government has also mooted technology research parks in all engineering colleges, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15012855", "title": "Patna University colleges to have virtual classrooms: vice-chancellor", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) students will be provided the best of education through latest technological tools from the current academic session. Most PU colleges including Patna Science College, Patna College, Magadh Mahila College and Patna Women's College, would now have virtual classrooms to apprise the students of the latest developments in their subjects.These announcements were made by PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh while addressing the students and their guardians at an 'Open House' organized by Patna Science College here on Monday on the eve of the commencement of admission of undergraduate students. Students of different institutions under PU can benefit from the lectures delivered by eminent subject teachers and can also interact with them through teleconferencing or videoconferencing from the current academic session, the VC said.He said that teachers and officials of the university would always be available to solve the problems of students both inside and outside the campus. \"You can approach us even at the dead of night, if you have some serious problem,\" the VC told the students. The students were, however, asked to remain disciplined for their proper mental and physical growth.PU science faculty dean Upendra Kishore Sinha exhorted the students to take their academic programmes seriously and avoid bunking classes. No student would be sent up for university examination if he does not have a minimum of 75% attendance during the entire period of the course, he said.Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha said the 'Open House' has been organized on the campus for the first time with a view to apprising the students of the scope and job potential of various subjects, so that an admission seeker may not face difficulty in selecting the subjects of his choice at the time of admission. He said college teachers would extend all help to students in their academic advancement and personality development.PU proctor Kriteshwar Prasad, PU statistics department head Amarendra Mishra, PU chemistry department head Udar Jha, botany teacher M P Trivedi, geology teacher Atul Aditya Pandey, zoology teacher Sudhir Kumar Srivastava, mathematics teacher K C Sinha and physics teacher Shankar Kumar addressed the students and made them aware of job opportunities in different subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011683", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon goes the whole hog on demolishing encroachments", "text": "GURGAON: After severe indictment by the financial commissioner and principal secretary of the Urban Local Bodies department, the MCG has launched a massive demolition drive of unauthorized buildings. On Sunday, the enforcement wing of MCG demolished around dozen illegal buildings and also removed advertisement hoardings that were put up without prior permission.The commissioner, Ram Niwas, has asked all the executive engineers to file an affidavit every week stating that no unauthorized construction is taking place in their area. In case they find any illegal construction activity in their area, they have to mention that in the affidavit and point out the steps they are taking or planning to take, to stop it. If they fail to do so, strict action will be taken against them. Building owners too will have to keep the building plan map at the construction site hereafter.According to sources, the demolition drive is a knee-jerk reaction.\"The financial commissioner of the urban local bodies took a stern view of the rampant unauthorized construction going on in the city and more so in the MCG area, when he came to Gurgaon last week for an inspection. He told the MCG commissioner and other senior officials that they would be directly held accountable if he receives any compliant about illegal construction activity taking place in their area,\" said a source.\"He told the MCG commissioner and other senior officials that they would be directly held accountable if he receives any compliant about illegal construction activity taking place in their area. \"It was after this visit that the commissioner issued a slew of measures that have to be followed by every official,\" added the source.The MCG officials said that many times, they face delay in demolishing an illegal building since the owner claims the building to be legal.\"In order to deal with such situations, we have made it mandatory for all owners whose buildings are under construction, to keep the building map sanctioned by us at the construction site so that we our enforcement team can inspect it whenever they want to,\" said a MCG official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012227", "title": "10% water cuts to continue, BMC review on Aug 1", "text": "MUMBAI: With the rain still largely playing truant, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has decided to extend the 10% water cut till August 1. The decision was taken after consulting municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte. TOI has learnt that the BMC is no hurry to withdraw the water cut as most consumers will find the 10% cut to be a drop in water pressure. The good news, however, is that the civic body will not increase the percentage of the cut anytime soon.Confirming the development, Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner, told TOI, \"We have decided to continue with the 10% water cut till August 1 as lake levels haven't risen sufficiently. We will take a call again after a few days.\" The meeting with the civic chief lasted a few hours and TOI has learnt that the water supply department expressed concerns about depleting lake levels. \"Rainfall received in the catchment area has not been up to the mark, at least not good enough to withdraw the water cut,\" said a senior official of the water supply department. This year, the catchment areas have so far received 35% less rainfall than usual.The water cut was imposed from July 1 to tackle depleting lake levels caused by the poor monsoon. The water cut imposed by the civic body has helped increase water stocks, which will last for 72 days. The civic body maintains that the water cut has been imposed as a precautionary measure.The BMC had earlier imposed water cuts in 2009 and 2010, but lake levels this year are comparatively higher. For example, the water level of Modak Sagar was 149 metres in 2009 and 2010, while it is 155.24 metres this year. \"Of course the situation is not like last year but the lake levels have been better than 2009 and 2010,\" added the official. With scanty rainfall in 2009, the BMC had imposed up to 20% water cuts.Mumbai needs 3,450 million litres of water per day, for which the lakes collectively must have at least 1,254,000 million litres every year. In comparison, the present (as of July 16) collective stock is 2,11,157 million litres. On July 16 last year, the collective stock in the lakes was 4,23,651 million litres.The water cut has effectively reduced supply from four lakes-Bhatsa, Modak Sagar, Tansa and Upper Vaitarna. In terms of timings, the cut amounts to 25 minutes for a four-hour supply. \"Unless rainfall increases in the next few days, water cuts will be here to stay,\" a civic official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15010751", "title": "Monsoon recedes, dry spell to continue", "text": "JAIPUR: The much-anticipated monsoon, after a brief spell, has receded from the state.According to the Jaipur met office, the monsoon winds have deflected towards the Himalayas; as a result, states like Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Rajasthan have not witnessed rainfall in the past two-three days.On Monday, most parts in the state remained dry even as heat conditions revived. The temperature too has shot up by nearly four degrees with Churu recording a maximum temperature of 38.8 degrees Celsius.In the absence of rain since Sunday a rise upto 4 degree celsius was witnessed in the maximum temperatures of the various places in the state.In the absence of rain Churu remained hottest in the state recorded a maximum temperature of 38.8 degree celsius.Jaipurites too faced hot and humid conditions throughout the day. The state capital witnessed a maximum temperature of 37.2 degrees, five degrees above normal, coupled with high humidity levels up to 64%.Jaipurites though woke up to a pleasant morning amidst cloudy conditions however throughout the day the clouds played hide and seek with the sun. Till the late evening not even drizzles were witnessed in and around the city. In the absence of rain Jaipur witnessed a maximum temperature of 37.2 degree celsius, almost 5 degrees above the normal maximum temperature. Higher humidity level upto 64 percent also made even the below 40 degree celsius temperature intolerable in the city.Attributing the withdrawal symptoms of the south west monsoon to the deflection of the winds towards the Himalayas, the Met office predicted no change in the present condition for the next couple of days.\"Light to moderate rainfall may occur at some places in the eastern Rajasthan, however, the weather in the rest of the state will mainly remain dry,\" said an officer with the Jaipur met office.The dry spell has left farmers worried. Cultivation of rice in Kota and Jhalawar and wheat in Sikar, Jhunjhunu and Churu districts is likely to get affected due to inadequate rainfall.lull of monsoon has also increased the worries of the farmers in Kota and Jhalawar banking on the crop of rice while farmers in Sikar, Jhunjhunu and Churu looking at the wheat cultivation.\"The seeding job is over and mid July is the period when adequate rainfall is necessary to have a good crop. The ongoing dry pattern may prove disastrous,\" said Shyojilal, a farmer in Sanganer village.The met office in its forecast said that the dry spell is likely to continue for the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15011740", "title": "Research conducted by Kovai scientists on rheumatic patients shortlisted for prestigious award", "text": "COIMBATORE: A study conducted at the Arya Vaidya Pharmacy Research Foundation comparing the efficacy of classical ayurvedic treatment for rheumatoid arthritis and its modern medicine equivalent, methotrexate, has been selected in the category of Clinical Research for Excellence in Integrative Medicine Research Awards. The award constituted by the European Society for Integrative Medicine (ESIM), with support from Heel, a pharmaceutical company that develops, manufactures and distributes medicines based on natural substances, is given for the international research in integrative medicine, said P Ram Manohar, director and chief scientific officer, AVP Research Foundation.He told TOI that the study has for the first time provided proof that classical individualized ayurvedic treatment can be studied using a randomized clinical trial design, the gold standard for clinical evidence in modern medicine. The study began in 2003 with the help of NCCAM, a division of National Institutes of Health, USA, which awarded a research grant of Rs 1.3crore to the Ayurvedic Trust through the University of Washington , Seattle, USA and was completed in 2008 in collaboration with the University of California , Los Angeles.\"As part of the study a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial was conducted comparing classical ayurvedic treatment for rheumatoid arthritis with methotrexate in 45 patients by randomizing them into three groups -- one group receiving the ayurvedic treatment, the second group receiving methotrexate, and the third group a combination of both,\" Ram said, adding that for purposes of blinding, the first group were administered placebo methotrexate and the second group placebo ayurvedic medications. It is for the first time ever, placebos were developed for classical dosage forms in ayurveda -- decoctions, herbal powders, medicated oils, medicated jam, medicated wines and pills, he noted.The study found significant improvement in the ayurvedic group. The outcome of the treatment was analyzed on the basis of American College of Rheumatology criteria and the duration of the study was of nine months. The number of painful and swollen joints, inflammatory markers like erythrocyte sedimentation rate and C-reactive protein, rheumatoid arthritis specific tests, disease outcome measures were employed to diagnose the disease as well as evaluate the efficacy of the treatments administered, he said.The results indicated that the outcome of the ayurvedic treatment and methotrexate were approximately equivalent in efficacy, with numerically fewer adverse events noted in the ayurvedic group. The combination of ayurveda and methotrexate did not do as well as the other two groups. There was a significant improvement in the ayurvedic group at the end of nine months.The study was published then in the prestigious Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases, a respected journal for rheumatology studies, in 2011. The full text of the study was published in the Journal of Clinical Rheumatology later. It was adjudged the best paper worldwide in Integrative Medicine Research in the last two years by a special jury constituted for the purpose by European Society of Integrative Medicine, Ram claimed. \"For us it was a great achievement since Dr Edzard Ernst, a vehement critic of complementary and alternative medicine (CAM), said this study ought to be the blue print for future studies on CAM. This is a rare and unprecedented instance of ayurveda being recognized in the domain of integrative medicine in the global scenario,\" he said.The Indian team in the study included P R Krishna Kumar, project director and managing director of AVP, P Ram Manohar, principal investigator, along with six others. The US team comprised of Daniel Furst, clinical lead investigator, Manorama Venkatraman, program director, Cathryn Booth La Force, principal investigator and Mary McGann, statistician.The ESIM research prize is awarded in two categories: one for clinical investigations and the other for basic research. The two winners are awarded 10,000 euros each.Submissions were based on a scientific manuscript that has either been published in a peer-reviewed journal in 2011 or 2012, or has been accepted for publication. The jury, made up of a selection of international experts in integrative medicine, rated the papers according to three criteria: innovation, level of relevance and scientific excellence, he added.The winners will be announced at the 5th annual European Conference on Integrative Medicine (ECIM) to be held in Florence, Italy from September 21 to 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15012083", "title": "Indian ports stuck with toxic waste dumped by Europe", "text": "CHENNAI: Hazardous products including dead batteries, arms waste like empty shells and cartridges, toxic substances, waste oil and carcinogens like asbestos are making their way to the 7,600-km-long Indian coastline, posing a serious threat to hundreds of fragile ecosystems along the shores.Large quantities of this entire poisonous jetsam from various European countries have been discovered in shipping containers across eight major ports in the country. Most of these highly dangerous goods, many highly inflammable, were part of consignments declared as plastic or newsprint.To make matters worse, the almost entirely unregulated ship-breaking industry is bringing unknown quantities of toxic waste aboard end-of-life vessels sent to the country to be dismantled.The shipping ministry says it will take \"immediate steps\" to deal with poisonous shipments to India's ports, officials say it is likely to take several months before any of these consignments can be returned to the countries of their origin, if at all they can be returned.At least 83 drums of waste oil weighing around 12 tonnes still lies at Chennai port 19 years after it arrived aboard a ship in 1993.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15011784", "title": "Elderly couple Chennai's parrot whisperers", "text": "Every morning, 74-year-old C Krishnavenni wakes up before sunrise. She doesn't have many domestic chores to do. But she has a large company of parrots to feed, with the birds flocking to her house in Sai Nagar, Virugambakkam, at the same hour.The birds chirp and squawk in unison to let Krishnavenni and her husband, V Chandrasekar, 77, know that the day has begun. \"These parrots are like our children. If you listen closely, you'll realise that their sounds are not a cacophony but more like children calling their parents,\" Krishnavenni said. Age may have slowed her, but before she goes to sleep every night Krishnavenni fills a small box with grain and keeps it by her bedside for the ritual the next morning.\"It's amazing how punctual the parrots are. I don't need a clock to tell what time it is when they arrive,\" she said. When Krishnavenni opens the wooden door leading to the terrace more than a dozen parrots are already waiting for her, sitting side by side on a small wall opposite the door. The sight of the birds never fails to make her smile. She begins feeding them by throwing a handful of grain in front of the birds. In the blink of an eye, the parrots surround the grain.More parrots soon join in and soon there are more than 30 birds feeding on the terrace. Other, more cautious parrots wait on a neem tree in front of the house before they join the earlier arrivals.Krishnavenni and her husband earlier lived in Madurai, making do with the income Chandrasekar earned from a printing press. When orders dwindled, the couple closed the business six years ago. They moved to the city where one of their daughters had settled. The elderly couple rented a single room with a terrace in a two-storey building in Sai Nagar.The couple makes a living by selling flour to houses in the neighbourhood. They buy a large quantity of rice from a PDS outlet to make the flour and use a portion of the rice to feed the birds. \"Our neighbours too chip in as there are more birds now,\" Chandrasekar said.The parrots face stiff competition for the feed from pigeons and squirrels. \"Pigeons often pull out feathers of parrots to make nests and also eat grains faster than parrots,\" Krishnavenni said. The couple feed the parrots first to prevent the pigeons from fighting with them. \"We ensure that the birds do not go hungry even when we are away by asking our neighbours to put grain on the terrace every morning and evening,\" Krishnaveeni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15010764", "title": "Labourer killed on site as wall collapses", "text": "JAIPUR: A labourer was killed while digging the basement of a house in Sanganer area on Monday. While the labourer was working the wall of the adjoining house collapsed and he was trapped under the debris.The incident took place at Kamla Nagar in Sanganer on Monday when four labourers were working in a basement on a vacant plot. Suddenly the boundary wall of the adjacent house collapsed resulting in caving in of a lot of loose mud. Two of the labourers were taken out by the rescue team while one who was trapped under the debris succumbed in the hospital.A team from Sanganer police station and officials of the disaster management rushed to the spot. \"The labourer identified as Shyam Narayan (38) alias Shyamu was rushed to Sawai Man Singh hospital in a critical condition where he succumbed to his injuries,\" said a senior police officer.The incident has once again highlighted the ignorant approach of the police towards handling such incidents as the natives of the colony had opposed the construction of a triple-storey building stating it was not constructed with proper safety norms.The locals alleged that the local police station did not intervene on time when the construction was not up to the mark. Police have registered a case of death due to negligence against the owner of the adjacent house and the contractor. No arrests in this case were made so far, said an officer.\"We have registered a case under section 304A (death due to negligence) and section 336 (endangering life or personal safety of others) against the contractor Kajor Lal Kumawat and owner of the triple-storey building Vinod Khandelwal,\" said a senior police officer.Police after reaching the spot also evacuated the adjoining house as a safety measure.EomJaipur: A labourer was killed while digging the basement for a house at Sanganer locality in the city on Monday. While the labourer was working the wall of the adjoining house collapsed and he was trapped under the debris.The incident took place at Kamla Nagar area on Monday when four labourers were working on a basement on a vacant plot. Suddenly the boundary wall of the adjacent house collapse which resulted in the caving in of the heavy among of mud. Two of the labourers were bailed out by the rescue team while one who was trapped under the debris succumbed in the hospital.Soonafter a team of police from Sanganer police station and officials of the disaster management rushed to the spot. \"The labourer identified as Shyam Narayan (38) alias Shyamu was rushed to the Sawai Man Singh hospital in critical condition where he succumbed,\" said a senior police officer.The incident has again shown the ignorant approach of the police towards handing such incidents as the natives of the colony had apposed the construction of triple storey building stating it was not constructed with proper safety norms.The locals alleged that the local police station did not intervene on time when the construction was not up to the mark.Police have registered a case of death due to negligence against the owner of the adjacent house and the contractor. While no arrests in this case were made so far, said an officer.\"We have registered a case under section 304A (death due to negligence) and section 336(endangering life or personal safety of others) against the contractor Kajor Lal Kumawat and owner of the triple storey building Vinod Khandelwal,\" said a senior police officer.Police after reaching at the spot also evacuated the adjoining house as a safety measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15011502", "title": "Deaths of Dara Singh, Kamlakant Volvoikar, Kashinath Govekar mourned", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa legislative assembly on Monday paid tribute to three eminent personalities who passed away recently. The House also observed one-minute silence in memory of the three departed souls.St Andre BJP MLA Vishnu Wagh moved a motion to condole the recent deaths of famed Indian wrestler \"Rustom-E-Hind\" Dara Singh and also the deaths of harmonium player and bhajan singer Kamlakant Volvoikar from Ponda and freedom fighter and social worker Kashinath Govekar from Dongri.Wagh said that in his heyday, Dara Singh was a hero to him and many other boys of his age. He recollected the various wrestling fights that Dara Singh won internationally, especially his victory over another world-renowned wrestler King Kong. Wagh praised Dara Singh for being a versatile actor and recalled that he also served as BJP Rajya Sabha member.Wagh said Vovoikar worked hard to train young boys in playing the harmonium and the table. His death is a big loss to the bhajan listening community of Goa, Wagh said.Speaking on Kashinath Govekar, Wagh said that the Portuguese tortured him for his contribution to the freedom struggle but he continued unflinching.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , opposition leader Pratapsing Rane, transport minister Ramkrishna Dhavalikar, co-operation minister Deepak Dhavalikar, Ponda MLA Lavu Mamledar and water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar also paid tributes to the departed souls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15011300", "title": "Babus ordered to call RWAs to identify civic problems", "text": "NOIDA: Following complaints from residents of glitches in civic and maintenance works, the Noida Authority has directed its staff to focus on improving the basic amenities provided by it. The Authority has also directed the heads of the newly-constituted 10 work circles to regularly interact with RWAs to identify and solve civic woes immediately.The project engineers heading the work circles will now make routine calls to the RWA heads twice a week to check on problems, if any, and get feedback. All officials have been directed to remain accessible and pay \"special attention\" to issues like roads, sewerage, sanitation, power, water and maintenance of parks and community centres.Earlier this month, Noida Authority CEO, Sanjeev Saran, had directed the work circle staff to put up display boards with numbers of the respective work circle head, landline number of the Authority and contact numbers of police, fire department, etc near the main gate of residential sectors.\"Officials have been directed to make regular calls to RWAs and schedule meetings with them to identify civic problems and address them. They have also been directed to follow up on all complaints and call the complainants to inform them of action taken and get their feedback,\" Saran said.Last month, the Authority divided its officials into 10 work circles whereby each had been appointed its own head and earmarked work areas to systematize development work and ensure implementation.Each work circle comprises of around three to four junior engineers, three senior engineers and one project engineer, who is also the head of the work circle. P K Garg, Sahyodan Singh, M P Sharma, K R Verma, SC Arora, H N Singh, S K Gupta, M C Tyagi, Babu Ram and Shailendra Gaur are the project engineers appointed as the heads of work circles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15010533", "title": "SBI directed to review stand on ailing job-seeker", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice PV Sanjay Kumar of high court on Monday quashed an order of the State Bank of India disqualifying a candidate suffering from haemophilia from holding a post in its clerk cadre making his ailment as the basis for discrimination.The judge directed the bank to constitute a Medical Board for 'examining as to whether the petitioner is medically fit to be appointed to the bank's clerical cadre in the light of the certificates produced by him\".The bank was given three months to complete the exercise. The judge was dealing with a writ petition filed by Banavath Sankar Naik, a ST candidatewho had been selected to a clerical post in the bank in 2009. The petitioner produced certificates from the Nizam Institute of Medical Sciences and the Haemophilia Society which termed him fit to hold the post. The petitioner was, however, informed that he was not being considered for employment based on the opinion of the bank's medical officer.The judge referred to India's status as a signatory to the Proclamation on the Full Participation and Equality of People with Disabilities in the Asia-Pacific region and lamented the lack of will to translate statutory provisions, saying that it was a 'sorry state of affairs'. He referred to the statutory guidelines in this regard and the need for reference to a Medical Board. \"The Chief Medical Officer did not even deem it necessary to explain as to why he disagreed with these certificates and how he came to the contrary conclusion that the petitioner was unfit for recruitment even to the clerical cadre\", the judge said and set aside the order of the Bank and directed its officials to constitute the Medical board to re-examine the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15012160", "title": "Two US teachers visit Abhinav Vidyalaya", "text": "PUNE: Science teacher Charu Mathur from the Abhinav Vidyalaya English Medium High School, recently hosted two teachers from the US - Laurie Smelter and Aebeyo Abraha -in the school for a week. The teachers were selected to share best practices in the teaching domain and are part of the Teachers for Global Classrooms ( TGC) programme.Mathur is an ILEP (International Leaders in Education Program) 2011 alumnus and as an ILEP fellow, she was selected to host two teachers from the US. Mathur gained experiences during the scholarship programmes she attended over the last three years (NASA's 'Educators @ Space Academy Programme' in 2008 at Huntsville, Alabama and 'Advanced Space Academy Program' in 2011 at Kennedy Space Center , Florida).Meanwhile, a space science club was recently inaugurated in the city in the presence of Suresh Naik, chairman, International Space Society, and former group director, ISRO, while Laurie Smelter and Aebeyo Abraha were the guests of honour.In order to ensure sustainability of the project, the participating schools will start 'Space Science Club' activities in their schools. They will also adopt an underprivileged school (schools which have no resources to undertake such activities) and include it in their club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011906", "title": "Panic, as bus wreaks havoc", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Everything was going on normally - traffic was moving along and roadside vendors were busy selling their wares when the killer bus struck, emerging from the side of sectors 43-44-51 roundabout and snatching two precious lives within seconds.Police had to block traffic at the sectors 43-44-51 roundabout and divert it to an alternate route as the Sector 43 road, connecting it to Sector 35, was blocked because of a tree that had fallen. At least 400 meter area was badly damaged by the bus.\"The bus driver did'nt apply the brakes. He crushed the rickshaw, then rammed the bus into the footpath and then kept driving at a high speed, uprooting trees,\" said Shyama Devi, a fruit seller near the spot.Hari, a cycle repair mechanic, who was sitting on the other side of the road, said, \"It was just like death riding on wheels. Even though there were deafening shrieks of passengers, the driver did not apply the brakes. The bus was being driven so fast that it uprooted even strong trees and their branches were strewn all over the road.\" Police said that the driver could have had an epilepsy attack or had fallen asleep while driving, resulting in the accident.\"If the driver was not medically fit, he had no business being at the wheel, endangering others' lives,\" said Mohnish Jain, another eyewitness. The three -year -old girl and her aunt, who were riding the cycle-rickshaw and were killed in the accident, were going to do some shopping. As the marauding bus caused death and destruction, there was panic among onlookers, while vendors started running here and there to save their lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15012309", "title": "Couple branded witches, forced to eat excreta, drink urine", "text": "RANCHI: An elderly couple was rescued by police on Monday after they were forced by villagers in Latehar district to eat excreta and drink urine for allegedly practising witchcraft. Police sources said 65-year-old Robert Lakra and his wife Colestina Lakra (60) were blamed for the sudden death of cows, buffaloes and other animals over the past couple of months at Puro village.\"On Monday morning, around 15-20 youths of the village caught hold of the elderly couple and dragged them to the panchayat meeting. No one was ready to hear anything from the couple and after discussion of nearly half-an-hour they forced them to eat human excreta and drink their own urine,\" said a source.The couple, however, denied that they were practicing witchcraft. \"In a statement to the police, the couple said they were in no way associated with the death of animals in the area,\" said a police officer.Latehar SP Kranti Kumar confirmed the incident and said couple were rescued and are under protection of police. \"The moment we came to know about the panchayat meeting and threat to the elderly couple, I sent a team and they have been brought to the police station,\" said the SP.An FIR will be registered against the persons who were involved in torturing the couple. \"We are not going to tolerate this type of inhuman act in the name of punishment for practising witchcraft. All the persons involved in the crime will be arrested,\" the SP said adding that police would arrange medical assistance for the traumatized couple. However, till late in the evening, police did not manage to arrest any body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011285", "title": "Garment shop owner held with firearms", "text": "NAGPUR: City crime branch sleuths seized three firearms and six live rounds from two people in two separate operations on Monday. The arrested persons include a garment shop owner from Pandhrabodi village.Yogesh Pachpor (27) has confessed to the police that he kept the weapons to 'feel like a goon'. \"He said that he wanted people to be afraid of him and hence he would carry the weapons wherever he went. He believed, carrying the weapon will make him popular as a goon,\" said senior police inspector Madhao Giri.Crime branch police had got a tip-off about Pachpor carrying weapons without a license. On specific information, police laid a trap at Pachpor's residence at Pandhrabodi. The arms were found on his person.A commerce graduate, Pachpor is always seen in the company of notorious goons, including a murderer, burglar and other petty thieves. \"Hence, he also wanted to be called 'Bhai'. He would see people were afraid of his friends and he also wanted people to be afraid of him,\" said crime branch officials.Pachpor began his journey towards criminal activities after his graduation. He would assure admissions in colleges through forged documents. Police said he would help youths from rural areas to get admission in the college from where he passed out. \"He has many links in the college, and hence could easily ensure admission,\" said a cop.A few months earlier, Pachpor had charged a youth Rs30,000 to get admission. He then bought the country-made gun worth Rs3,000. Police said the pistol found on him had the sticker of a foreign country, but on further checking it was found to be fake.Police are still trying to find out whether Pachpor had any other plans, and also the source of the weapons.In another incident, a country-made gun was seized from notorious burglar Deepak Jhamre (27), a resident of Lashkaribagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15012619", "title": "Athanni does a vanishing act 'unofficially' from markets", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A quarter of a rupee 'chawanni' (25 paisa) has vanished from the markets following the decision of the Central government to withdraw it. It is now the turn of 'athanni' (50 paisa coin), which is still valid a currency but has practically lost its value and become virtually unacceptable in the daily trading. This coinThe shopkeepers do not accept or give 50 Paisa in the routine business. Even the beggars refuse to accept this coin. The 50 paisa coin has become more of a piece of toy. The coin sellers of Sangam have no space for 50 paisa as they sell Rs 1 to Rs 5 coins to tourists.It is common to see that shopkeepers never accept 50 paisa for any purchase. The shopkeeper paying back the balance say of Rs 1.50 or Rs 2, gives three to four toffees of 50 paisa each. If one tries to pay back the same toffee in place of 50 paisa, the shopkeeper will never accept it.\"Experiencing the zero value of 50 paisa in the market, whenever I had any coin of 50 paisa I used to give it to my son who now has around 300 coins of 50 paisa, which he uses for playing or counting,\" said Sachi, a housewife.The vanishing athanni has also spoiled the business of those who earn their livelihood by providing coins to the pilgrims. Visiting the shops of one of the oldest exchangers, who is in the business from last three generations and witnessing her establishment full of coins of various domination, TOI came across just a few numbers of 50 paisa coins. This was not the case a couple of years ago, when 25 paisa and 50 paisa were in demand. At one spot, several 25 paisa and 50 paisa coins were seen with unused donation offered by the devotees.\"Ab to kuch hi logan aat hain paisa liye khatir aur athanni to koi bhi nahi puchat (only a few come to exchange the money and no one wants 50 paisa),\" said the woman exchanging the coins at Sangam.The Assistant General Manager (AGM) State Bank of India ( SBI ), Rajeev Awasti, while talking to TOI on vanishing of 50 paisa coin from the market said, \"Even the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) has stopped manufacturing and requirement of 50 Paisa and it cannot be ruled out that in the coming days it would make a small amendment and withdraw 50 paisa coin from the economy, as has been done in case of 25 paisa\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "15012885", "title": "NBA champion Miami Heat to play LA Clippers in China", "text": "LOS ANGELES: The NBA champion Miami Heat will play two preseason games against the Los Angeles Clippers in China this fall.The teams will meet Oct. 11 at MasterCard Center in Beijing and Oct. 14 at Mercedes-Benz Arena in Shanghai .It's the first time the reigning NBA champions will play in the NBA China Games, which will mark their sixth edition.Eight NBA teams will play in eight international games in October as part of the league's international preseason schedule.The Dallas Mavericks will play games in Barcelona and Berlin and the Boston Celtics will play games in Istanbul and Milan against top Euroleague teams.Toronto and the New York Knicks will play in Montreal and Minnesota and Detroit will play in Winnipeg.In 2004, the NBA became the first American professional sports league to play games in China, with two games between the Houston Rockets and Sacramento .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15012009", "title": "Youth held for \u2018hugging\u2019 college girl in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A youth who \"hugged and kissed\" the college student who gave him a ride in her car at Adyar on Sunday evening was thrashed by passersby and handed over to police.Police said Priya (22) (name changed) of New Washermenpet was going in her newly-purchased car when it ran out of petrol near Third Cross Street in Kasthuribai Nagar. After vainly trying to start the car, she got out and was standing there when Raj Mohan (24), a private cab driver, approached her and offered to help.Believing that he genuinely wanted to help, Priya told him her car ran out of petrol and that there was no petrol station nearby. Mohan then went to a nearby outlet and got some petrol in a bottle.After filling up the tank, he claimed he had parked his vehicle some distance away and asked her to drop him there.As the car moved, Mohan who was seated in the back hugged the woman and started kissing her, Priya said in her complaint.Hearing her cries, a few passersby came there. They beat up Mohan, a native of Tiruvarur, and handed him over to the Adyar police. Based on a complaint from the woman, police arrested the youth who was later remanded in judicial custody at Puzhal prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011335", "title": "Chhattisgarh CM's 'irresponsible' comment on human cloning irks Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday slammed Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh as \"irresponsible\" for saying a father should be punished for the crimes of his son because of the genes passed by him.Mocking the BJP leader for saying that he was making a serious statement, AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"If his serious state of mind is so funny, then imagine how dreadful his jokes would be.\"The condemnation by AICC followed a similar criticism from the Congress state unit which said \"Raman Singh had taken leave of his senses.\"Addressing a gathering of scientists and students while inaugurating the Chhattisgarh Science Centre in Raipur, CM Singh said, \"If a son steals, commits dacoity or rape, then not he but his father should be thrashed. A son inherits the DNA, the genes, the character from his father.\"Singh, a medical doctor by qualification, remarked on the advancements in stem cell research and human cloning, claiming, \"Even human organs are being developed in machines. Poultry farms produce thousands of eggs of same size and colour. We can now create the human we want. The day is not far when you can have as many Aishwaryas as you want...one stem cell will create lakhs of Abhishek.\"Tewari said such a blatant statement on an issue as sensitive as stem cell research and human cloning is irresponsible. \"The ethics of human cloning is a hotly debated and controversial issue. Such a statement by the CM is irresponsible,\" he said.The Congress spokesperson said while the nation was lucky that Singh was not in charge of science &amp; technology department at the Centre, it was worrisome that such an irresponsible individual was governing a state. \"We hope that the people of Chhattisgarh will give this irresponsible attitude some thought,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15011844", "title": "Flood control: Officials, residents disagree on preparedness", "text": "PATIALA: The losses running into crores of rupees due to floods in Patiala district two years ago do not seem to have taught the administration any lesson. Lack of preparedness and failure to clean seasonal rivulets may again cost the residents dear this year too. Last Wednesday, the officials declared that they had completed all the works, but there is hardly anything to show on ground. In fact, residents are still waiting for work to begin on the cleaning of water channels.\"We have completed our all preparations for flood control and cleaned up all season rivulets in the district,\" claimed Patiala DC G K Singh after a meeting of flood coordination committee.However, there are no takers for the official claims. \"We have not seen any cleaning of any rivulet,\" said some farmers working in field near Devigarh.The DC is apparently completely unaware about the agitation and signature campaign launched by residents of Tafajalpura, Gurbax Colony, Guru Nanak Nagar, New Bishan Nagar, Purana Bishan Nagar, Deen Dyal Upadhya Nagar, Ram Nagar, SST Nagar, Mathura Colony, Jagdish Colony and many other areas last Sunday to protest against the lack of cleaning of Chhoti Nadi. The residents have now decided to approach the chief minister for the cleaning of Chhoti Nadi as they fear that it may not only cause floods but also lead to an outbreak of epidemic because of the dirty sewage water discharged in it.\"The administration is lying. We request the Punjab chief minister to take strict action against all officers, who have sent fake reports of cleaning and order a high level inquiry to know the utilization of funds,\" they demanded.Sources said there are around 17 drains in Patiala and many other seasonal rivulets and rivers like Ghaggar, Tangri, Markanda and Pachi Dara. In 2010, lack of cleaning had led to around 50 breaches, which led to floods and losses of Rs 63 crores in 200 villages of Patiala.Estimates prepared by the district drainage department reveal that it needs at least Rs 6.50 crores for the repair and cleaning of water channels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15010007", "title": "Bhopal to miss Kareena, Saif marriage", "text": "BHOPAL: While the Pataudi and Kapoor families are busy deciding the marriage ceremonies down to the last detail, the city not figuring in as the venue may come as a disappointment for many Bhopalis. The marriage of Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor is likely to take place on October 16. \"It's going to be a simple and sober affair. There are no plans for any ceremony in Bhopal,\" Sharmila Tagore told TOI.Sources say the families have yet to finalize the location for the wedding. Saif, who had visited the city in March this year, had hinted at holding at least one ceremony in Bhopal.\"Everything is smooth,\" said a Pataudi family source. \"From the kurta, farshi paijama and Bhopali dupatta all have been taken care of, but the family wants to keep it a simple affair,\" she added. Ahead of the marriage, on September 22 is Tiger Pataudi's first death anniversary.The wedding of Tiger and Tagore had taken place in Bhopal in December 1969. The nikah was a silent affair. The nikah was performed in the presence of a select few.\"They (Pataudi family) are more than celebrities in Bhopal. They belong to a family which is the custodian of the royal waqf properties. They must consider the high regard we have for their ancestors,\" said All India Muslim Personal Law Board member Arif Masood.However, there are some like professor Zamiruddin, who have a different take on holding a ceremony in Bhopal. \"People have become indifferent. Pataudis belong to a society where orthodox views do not matter.\"Perhaps, one instance after the marriage of Sharmila and Mansoor Ali Khan might be more than illustrative. \"Soon after their marriage, the newly-married couple was invited to advocate Akhtar Saeed Khan's house in Itwara locality,\" recalled Suleman Khan, an old timer from the city.\"Huge crowd gathered and started banging the door and even threw small stones at the door. It was not in protest, but to get a glimpse of the new bride. Who knows, history could repeat itself?\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15011570", "title": "Power flux hits industrial units", "text": "NASHIK: Frequent fluctuations in power supply has started to affect industrial units in Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation's the Ambad industrial area.leading to a damage of computers and machines at such units.The local industry body received several complaints regarding the issue and took up the matter with officials at Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd MSEDCL said that the matter would be looked into at the earliest and assured to deploy more staff in the area by the end of August. TNNSuresh Mali, President, AIMA, said, \"Industries in Ambad MIDC are getting power supply with abnormally high voltage for the last few days particularly at night and for the whole day on Saturday. This is causing damage to the data cards of CNC automatic machines and micro electronics parts of computers and PCPs.\"There are around 21 employees of MSEDCL for Ambad unit MSEDCL, but only 13 employees are presently working there due to their internal transfers. As a result, the complaints filed by the industries with regard to electricity are not being sorted out in time and causing delay,\" Suresh Mali said.A delegation of AIMA, led by its president Suresh Mali, met Junior Engineer of Ambad unit of MSEDCL Dhaval Agarkar and Dy. Executive Engineer of Cidco division Shinde, and made them aware of their problems. The MSEDCL officials assured the delegation to sort out the high voltage power supply issue at the earliest.The MSEDCL officials also assured the delegation to add four to five employees in Ambad unit shortl and to provide adequate staff to the Ambad unit of MSEDCL by the end of the August.There are around 1,500 small, medium and large industries in Ambad areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation in the city. Of which, around 1,350 industries are micro, small and medium enterprises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012259", "title": "Raj Thackeray enters Matoshree after 6 years", "text": "MUMBAI: The Uddhav-Raj emotional reunion at Lilavati hospital on Monday marks a watershed in the Thackeray dynasty's zig-zag career graph, say political observers.MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Monday rushed from Alibaug, where he was supposed to preside over an MNS workshop for corporators, to be at the bedside of Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray who was at Lilavati Hospital for an angioplasty, sources said.Later, Raj drove Uddhav back home in his Mercedes and stepped into Balasaheb Thackeray's Bandra apartment after a gap of six years. He spent nearly 30 minutes at Matoshree, sources said.\"The two cousins met like brothers in the true Thackeray spirit,\" said a close relative who was present in the hospital. Uddhav's wife Rashmi, Raj's wife Sharmila and Raj's mother Kunda, who is Uddhav's maternal aunt as well, in the VIP suite of the suburban hospital, presented a picture of family bonding, blurring, albeit briefly, the political divide in the clan, he added.Piqued by Uddhav's soaring fortunes in the party, Raj walked out of Matoshree in December 2005, alleging that a \"powerful coterie of sycophants and nincompoops\" had begun to rule the Sena.Three months later, the rebel floated his own political outfit and addressed a public meeting on the famous Shivaji Park grounds from where Balasaheb had flagged off the Sena way back in 1966.Since then, the two Thackeray cousins have been mapping their separate course, often engaging in verbal dual as well. While Uddhav went about revamping the Sena and handpicking his own team of loyalists, Raj cleverly poached on the Sena's prized Marathi vote-bank. The MNS won 13 seats in the state assembly in 2009. Early this year, the Sena bagged the cash-rich Mumbai civic body, in an indication that the two Thackerays were locked in a neck-and-neck race.A senior Sena leader ruled out the possibility of a reconciliation in the family following the 'punarmilan' episode at Lilavati. \"It is gracious of Rajsaab to call on Uddhavji and spend time with him in the hospital. But, no political significance should be attached to this gesture. The Sena and the MNS are two separate political parties and will continue to be so,\" he stated on the condition of anonymity.However, the TV news grab of Raj at the wheels of his blue Merc and Uddhav waving out to his supporters as the two left Lilavati hospital on Monday evening brought cheer across the Sena-MNS rank and file.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15011549", "title": "Rural police arrest gang of four from Mumbai for murdering cab driver", "text": "NASHIK: The rural police local crime branch have arrested a gang of four from Mumbai on charges of killing a 30-year-old driver and throwing the victim's body in the Ghorwad Ghat on Sinnar-Ghoti Road a few days ago. a few days ago.The accused have been identified as Harishchandra alias Ashish Shesh Narayan Kurmi, Prashant Pande, Pappu alias Pankaj Satyanarayan Kumbhar and Surendar Singh, all from Bandra (E), Mumbai.The Sinnar police said informedthat on July 3, they had found the body of a man 30 year old flung in the Ghorwad Ghat. From the evidence at the spot, cops deduced that the victim had been choked to death.A case of murder an unidentified person was registered at the Sinnar Police Station on July 4.The police, a few days ago, received a missingpeson's enquiry inc ourse of which the victim was identified as the a car driver who had left for Shirdi with three passengers. The man from Thane identified the victim from a photo shown by the police. When the individual was shown the picture of the dead body, the man from Thane said that he was looking for the same man who was a driver on his Innova multi utility vehicle (MUV) and had left for Shirdi along with three passengers.The case was subsequently handed over to the crime branch.During investigations, the police found out that the car driven by the victim had been booked by a Surendar Singh of Bandra (E) and the latter had sent his associates as passengers with a plot to kill the driver and decamp with the vehicle.After the police nabbed Surendar Singh, they were given the names of the three who had allegedly killed the car driver.The accused who had posed as passengers said that they had left for Sinnar on the night of July 2. As they approached the Ghorwad Ghat, they alighted from the vehicle under the pretext of wanting to answer nature's call. The trio then killed the driver and flung his body into the valley.The accused said that the vehicle was taken to Uttar Pradesh, where the three had been promised Rs 50,000 each upon the vehicle's delivery. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15011061", "title": "Auto drivers observe strike in Chandrapur", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Over 4,500 autorickshaw drivers observed a strike in the city and staged day long sit-in agitation to press their various demands on Monday. The strike caused problems to commuters and passengers were seen walking hassled with their luggage from bus stop and railway station.The Congress-led Vidarbha Autorickshaw Chalak Kamgar Sanghatna staged a daylong sit-in agitation before the district collectorate. Senior labour leader and former Congress MP Naresh Puglia along with Congress city president Gajanan Gawande, ex-civic chief Manohar Paunkar, district secretary Pravin Padvekar, Sanjay Mahadole and other leaders joined the agitation.The autorickshaw unions are averse to installing electronic meters in autorickshaws on their own and have demanded for a bank loan without guarantor. \"Autorickshaw drivers are economically poor. They earn hardly enough to sustain their living and cannot afford shelling Rs6500 for installing e-meters. Hence, government should provide loans to them for installing e-meters,\" said Puglia interacting with reporters.He also claimed the roads in the town were in a bad shape due to digging work for sewage scheme. Hence, unless the roads are repaired, funds for which is already at the hands, this decision of installing e-meters should be deferred, he said. Puglia also demanded curtailing the steady yearly rise in insurance amount of autorickshaws and sought official recognition for auto stands in the town.\"There should be a committee involving a member each of different autorickshaw unions headed by collector or SP, to resolve the problems related to autorickshaws,\" he stressed. Recently, administration has enforced fixed carrying capacity of six students in school autorickshaws. Puglia demanded for raising the carrying capacity of autorickshaws by two in case of primary students.A similar strike was also observed across the district by autorickshaw drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011721", "title": "SC order paves way for 3 St Francis' students results", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Supreme Court has upheld the order of Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court dated June 1 which had permitted three class XII students of St Francis' College to appear in the board examinations.The college had denied permission to the three students -- Faraz Talha, Eshaan Singh, and Shrestha Mishra -- to appear in the ISC (Indian School Certificate) exam 2012 on the grounds that they were short of attendance. Although the three took the examination as per an interim order of the Allahabad high court their results were withheld pending the Supreme Court verdict. Now the apex court has ordered the college and the council to publish their results on their website.Earlier, providing relief to the students, Justice SS Chauhan of the Allahabad high court had said the college couldn't come forward to complain that there was a shortage of attendance when the students were involved in curricular activities of the college. The students have been associated to the college's cricket team and were representing the school on the days they have been marked absent by their respective class teachers.The single bench of the HC, after considering the material on record and pleadings of the parties, ruled out the 'shortage of attendance' plea. Dissatisfied with the court's decision, St Francis College and the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examination made a special appeal in the Allahabad HC. The case was heard by a division bench comprising Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Virendra Kumar Dixit. On June 1, the division bench upheld the order given by the single bench of the high court. The council then approached SC and on July 12, the SC upheld HC order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15012832", "title": "\u2018Loose cannon\u2019 T G Venkatesh refuses to relent", "text": "HYDERABAD: With his bald pate and clean shaven face, T G Venkatesh does not conjure up the vision of a revolutionary leader, but these days the businessman turned minister is seemingly fancying himself as one.Three days after threatening that IAS officers who do not perform should be shot dead, Venkatesh insists that he has no regret for what he said and insists on repeating the lines. This is in spite of being berated by the IAS Officers' Association and making himself liable to be charged under law for inciting violence.\"Probably he has heard the speech of Jawaharlal Nehru who shortly after Independence threatened to hang black-marketeers from the nearest lamp-post. But is his moral stature anywhere near Nehru's?\" wondered a civil service officer. Others averred that he was trying to cover up his non-performance as minor irrigation minister by training the guns at officers - in an attempt to divert the blame.On Monday, Venkatesh told TOI that he stood by what he said and there was no question of any apology. This was even as shocked IAS officers were trying to figure out what to do next. \"There are some suggestions that we file a police complaint against the minister. But we will wait to meet the chief minister -who is away on tour -and then decide what to do next,\" an IAS officer who is part of the IAS Officers' Association said.Veera Reddy, senior high court lawyer, said the minister is punishable under sections 107, 115, 164, 189, 503 and 511 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Legal experts point out that any private individual or aggrieved party can file a complaint against the minister for abetting people to act violently against officers. \"No one has a right to shoot a person, no law gives immunity for the extreme action. The minister is at fault for his reckless comments. Mind you, he occupies a responsible position in the government,\" pointed out a legal counsel.Experts said under section 115, the term could extend to 14 years if the consequences of abetment are proven. \"Section 189 pertains to threat of injury to a public servant. Whoever holds out any threat of injury to a public servant, it shall be punishable with two-year imprisonment or fine or both,\" a senior lawyer explained. Pointing out to section 503 that relates to criminal intimidation, legal experts say the minister could be at risk for his remarks.Meanwhile, investigations by TOI revealed that the minister was peeved at a section of the IAS officers for not paying heed to his repeated pleas to take up irrigation related works in his home district Kurnool.\"The minister wanted irrigation tanks to be 'desilted' before the onset of monsoon. But the officials played deaf to his pleas,\" a source in Kurnool claimed. This irked the minister to no end. Interestingly, the minister is himself in charge of the minor irrigation portfolio.Alarmed IAS officers said that such statements would only embolden miscreants to attack officers when they are in the field. Joining the issue, former GOI secretaries EAS Sarma and K R Venugopal said that the matter should not be buried. In a letter to chief secretary Minnie Mathew, Sarma said the minister should be booked under the relevant provisions of IPC if what was reported in the media was correct. He asked the chief secretary to conduct an inquiry to check the veracity of the reports.Meanwhile, Venkatesh narrating the context in which he made his utterances told TOI that he was speechless when farmers and people's representatives came to him in Kurnool complaining about the breaches in tanks, silting in canals and field channels, and non-functional motors of lift irrigation schemes, which only highlighted the non-performance of the minor irrigation department which he heads.\"I have come to know through farmers that motors of many lift irrigation schemes are not functioning in the state for over a decade. Many farmers said that their lives would turn topsy-turvy if the tanks and channels are not repaired immediately. I was so embarrassed that I had no answer to the farmers' queries,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15009890", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: Mahila Cong wants action against scribe", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All India Mahila Congress (AIMC) has urged chief minister Tarun Gogoi to take strict action against the TV reporter who recorded the molestation of the young girl and was accused of instigating the mob at G S Road on July 9 evening.Addressing a news conference here on Monday, Poonam Rani Wangkhem, AIMC secretary and in-charge of Assam Mahila Congress, said that the chief minister has assured them that action will be taken against the TV reporter, who, besides recording the incident, has also been accused of instigating the crowd to molest the girl on July 9 night at Christianbasti area on G S Road in the city.\"The TV reporter recorded on his camera how the girl was molested. I ask, would he record the same if the girl was his sister. Putting the culprits behind the bars is not enough. The assaulters should be treated in similar manner as the girl was treated by them. It was unfortunate that a helpless girl was getting molested on the roadside as the reporter was rolling his camera,\" said Wangkhem.She is also going to submit her observations to Congress president Sonia Gandhi . Wangkhem said when the Mahila Congress met the victim, she told them that despite her objection, the reporter recorded the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011153", "title": "FBI to hone quizzing skills of Indian cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of counter-terror cooperation between the two countries, the US Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) officers will next month train a select group of Indian police officials how to interrogate terror suspects in a \"non-coercive manner\".The American training module is devised in such a way that the participants - mainly middle-level police officers - can explore and develop skills that allow them to conduct \"non-coercive interviews\" of terror suspects that are consistent with international human rights standards.\"Such skills will also meet the accepted standards for admissibility of such interrogation reports in most courts of law within the countries that are cooperating with each other on counter-terror measures,\" said an official.After offering India a series of training modules for terror-related investigation, the US Embassy has recently asked the Union home ministry to nominate police officials, working in various law enforcement agencies, for an \"Interviewing Terrorist Suspects (ITS)\" course that will be held at an Indian police academy from August 27 to 31.Sharing details of the course, the home ministry has written to chiefs of all state police and central police organizations, including paramilitary forces and National Investigation Agency (NIA), asking them to nominate two eligible officers (in the rank of inspector to SP) each for attending the training module.\"Twenty-four of them will finally be selected for the course, depending on their experience in the field of investigation,\" said the official.The course topics will include human rights, interviewing for combating terrorism, effective communication skills, interviewing for result, analyzing the interview and interrogation.\"In addition, participants will identify potential challenges in implementing effective interviewing techniques at their agencies and develop strategies for overcoming any resistance encountered,\" said a home ministry note to states.The participants would also get to develop \"effective listening and observation skills that allow them to maximize the information gathered through an interview with a terrorist suspect and minimize contamination of that information\".While, offering the course, the US has, however, made it clear that it is not open for anyone working in intelligence agency or military unit. But, the personnel assigned to an intelligence unit within a law enforcement organization and those who support the law enforcement function of that organization are acceptable.The US Embassy had last month come out with a training module to train Indian police officers to effectively investigate explosions and terrorist crimes scenes. That course will be held at Moyock in North Carolina from July 23 to August 10. The Post Blast course at Moyock will include a final practical exercise that will require participants to apply the skills acquired during the training to an actual explosive incident scene and determine the perpetrators in the scenario provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15012557", "title": "'Registration is vital to benefit from labour schemes'", "text": "Dharwad: Justice K Shridhar Rao of Karnataka High Court has called upon labourers to compulsorily register their names with appropriate authorities to avail benefits of labour-welfare schemes. Inaugurating a legal awareness programme, jointly organized by Dharwad District Legal Service Authority and several government departments here on Sunday, he said those working at construction sites should register their names with the labour department. \"In order to ensure that benefits of labour-welfare schemes reach the target group, it is vital to create awareness about the same among the beneficiaries. As many as 40,000 labourers are involved in building construction. However, only 7,000 of them have registered their names,\" Justice Rao said, adding that the remaining should approach the department for registration. The government has reserved Rs 1,200 crore for the programmes to be launched by Labourers' Welfare Board. \"For effective use of the fund, the Board has framed several schemes. Legal Service Authority is playing a major role in guiding the Board in implementing the schemes. Legal awareness programmes have been launched in every district, with the first-of-its-kind event being held in Bellary recently,\" he explained. Under the welfare schemes, identity card would be issued to labourers, using which they can avail scholarships, compensation, etc, to their wards. Authority is providing free legal aid to labourers, he noted. Efforts are on to open a separate ward in every hospital for medical treatment to labourers, he said. Besides, training centre is also being set up in every district to enhance the skills of labourers and also no-frill accounts are being opened so their wages are directly credited to their accounts. State Legal Service Authority secretary V V Angadi presided over the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15011038", "title": "SC slams lax govt for illegal clinical trials", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mounting deaths due to alleged unauthorized clinical trials of drugs on humans took centre stage in the Supreme Court which pulled up the Centre and the Madhya Pradesh government for showing lack of sensitivity and urgency in collecting data and responding to a public interest litigation.Though it refused to order a roving inquiry into the alleged rampant illegal clinical trials of drugs, a bench of Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave expressed concern over the lethargic manner in which the Union government gathered data and the MP government took action against erring doctors.\"Every day, one death is allegedly taking place. If it is true, it is most unfortunate. People are dying and the state government is saying it is taking action when meagre penalties are being imposed on erring doctors. There cannot be laxity in this issue. Though we have issued notice (on the PIL) in February, the Centre has not responded. We do not know what information it is gathering. But the matter appears serious,\" the bench said while asking the Centre and the state governments to respond in six weeks.Appearing for petitioner NGO 'Swasthya Adhikar Manch', advocate Sanjay Parikh said the Economic Offences Wing had identified doctors who carried out clinical trials of drugs on humans, mostly women , children and mentally retarded, but the Madhya Pradesh government had let go the accused by imposing a fine of just Rs 500.Advocate Vibha Makhija attempted to salvage some ground for the state by promising action and pleading that the state was not taking the petition as an adversarial litigation, but the bench was far from impressed. It asked, \"Why the laxity and lethargy in such a matter when every human life is precious.\"The court posed the same question to the Union government's counsel, senior advocate T S Doabia, who promised to collate data and file it within six weeks.Parikh sought a detailed probe into clinical trials of drugs being done illegally across the country and quoted a parliamentary standing committee's March 2012 report to inform the court that 1,514 subjects had died between 2008 and 2010 in clinical trials, which made it more than a death per day.\"The committee also pointed out that 33 new drugs were approved for consumption by patients without conducting any clinical trial,\" the counsel said.When the petitioner requested for guidelines laid down by the court that could be the precursor of a legislation, the bench said though the court was concerned by the magnitude of the problem, it was for Parliament to intervene with legislative action.The court also accepted senior advocate U U Lalit's plea for making Indian Society for Clinical Research a party in the litigation even as the petitioner accepted that a total ban on clinical trials would not be in the interest of the country.However, Parikh said, \"The court must find out what is happening in the name of clinical trials. To stop unauthorized clinical trials, to withdraw drugs introduced illegally and take action against doctors, authorities and sponsors are hand-in-glove in such trials, an investigation by the CBI is necessary.\"Times ViewAnywhere in the world, clinical trials are a carefully regulated area because of the obvious risks involved. In India, with its high levels of illiteracy, the risks become even greater since it is much more difficult for many of the potential 'volunteers' in trials to make an informed choice. Further, a public healthcare system that is woefully inadequate leaves most people who are not well-off desperately seeking any sort of treatment they can get. This again is a situation that heightens the possibility of unscrupulous exploitation of those in desperate needs. If anything, therefore, India needs to be even more cautious than most in regulating clinical trials. Our governments should be aware of this and act accordingly.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010971", "title": "Global media focus on PM a ploy to open FDI: Prakash Karat", "text": "NEW DELHI: While refusing to comment on The Independent article on Manmohan Singh , CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said international media focusing on the PM is meant to mount pressure on India. \"They want India to open to foreign investment,\" he said.Left leaders believe the global media, serving the corporate interests of the West and run by international finance capital, is trying to exert pressure on the UPA government to open to FDI and tax-free investment.CPI leader A B Bardhan said, \"Manmohan Singh can't push through the neo-liberal policies. The Western media serving class interests is trying to pressurize him to pursue those policies with recklessness, caring little for the common man.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15011370", "title": "Govt decides to phase out plastic within 3 years", "text": "PANAJI: The state government intends to phase out the use of plastic for domestic use-such as carry bags, sachets, wrappers-over a period of three years. It also intends to make the throwing of plastics in public places a cognizable offence, where offenders will be penalized, environment minister Alina Saldanha told the Goa legislative assembly on Monday.Saldanha said that as a short-term measure, the government will launch a drive at the end of the monsoon to collect plastics from public places such as highways, with the help of government departments like the PWD and the Goa state infrastructure development corporation. She said the matter will be taken up after consultation with all stakeholders like the tourism department, the village panchayats and the people.In her written reply to a starred question by Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai, Saldanha said the measures to phase out plastic will take some time for implementation and will be done by involving all stakeholders. She said the government will conduct appropriate sensitization and awareness programmes for the general public and visiting tourists in this regard.She also informed the House that in August 2002, the government had prohibited the carrying, use and sale of non-biodegradable PET bottles and plastic carry bags in certain CRZ areas in Panaji , Caranzalem and Dona Paula, and also in some wildlife areas such as Cotigao. For other beach areas in Goa, the ma0tter will be taken up in consideration with all stakeholders, Saldanha said.Intervening in the debate, chief minister Manohar Parrikar reiterated that plastic is posing a serious problem to the state and that as assured by the minister for environment, public places like highways will be cleared of plastics by the end of the monsoon. Parrikar assured the House that as stated in his budget speech, the government intends to phase out the use of plastic within three years.He further said that the government will consider making the throwing of plastic in public places a cognizable offence. The chief minister said that the government will work out a clear policy to phase out the use of plastic and that the policy will be placed before the House for scrutiny by members.Reacting to a remark by Saldanha that the government will give priority to tourism areas in clearing plastics, opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane urged the government to give equal importance to the entire state. The environment minister agreed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010939", "title": "Scrapping BRT best option, says study", "text": "NEW DELHI: After examining various scenarios on the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand bus rapid transit corridor, the Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) has pronounced that \"the no BRT option yields better benefits for this corridor\". It submitted its final report on Monday to Delhi high court and the transport department of Delhi government. Over a month ago, the high court had asked the state government to get a fresh, \"scientific\" study conducted on the stretch by an independent agency.The CRRI has visualized three scenarios for the corridor in 2015, based on existing traffic volume and projections for the future. \"The trial run scenario in 2015 will reduce the total travel time and stopped delays (time spent at an intersection waiting for the signal) by 39 per cent and 48 per cent, respectively,\" says the report. The trial run here refers to CRRI's experimental run with mixed traffic in all the lanes.The report, which is based on various traffic studies conducted by CRRI besides the trial run that took place from May 12-19, makes a strong case for mixed traffic on the corridor by doing away with the bus lane.\"The results of the trial run conducted on the corridor reiterated the fact that allowing other vehicles to ply on the earmarked lane for buses yielded better benefits for road users compared to the BRT situation,\" says the report.The scenario envisaged by CRRI is based on existing traffic volume and factors in a likely increase in traffic by 2015 at 5-7 per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15012347", "title": "Probe ordered into Ranchi University foundation day fracas", "text": "RANCHI: A three-member committee will be constituted by the Ranchi University to probe into the ruckus that marked the foundation day celebrations on July 12. HRD minister Baidyanath Ram directed the chief secretary of the department, BK Singh to form a committee and submit a report within seven days, after receiving a written complaint from ABVP member Satyadev Munda regarding the ill treatment meted out to his party associates during foundation day celebrations.Members of ABVP met the minister on Sunday and discussed the issue with him. Gaurav, secretary of ABVP said, \"We were not allowed to watch the programme and was beaten up by the university staff. Such behaviour is totally unacceptable so we met the minister to discuss it.\"Members of ABVP also highlighted many other issues of RU like the faulty construction work and ignoring of senate members by the university during their meeting with the minister.Ram said, \"A three-member committee has been formed to probe into matters, including the pending construction work on the premises, scuffle on foundation day and misappropriation of funds in university. The team will not include anybody from the university and appropriate action will be taken against the culprit after the report comes.\"University has also constituted a committee at its own level to probe the foundation day fracas, headed by pro VC VP Sharan and the members will be CP Lugun, dean of Students Welfare of university and proctor AQ Gilani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011811", "title": "Farmers protest at Lucknow Development Authority office", "text": "LUCKNOW: Visitors at Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) had a tough time after scores of farmers under the aegis of Bhartiya Kisan Union staged a protest demanding higher compensation for the land that was acquired in Sitapur Road over 20 years ago.The lathi wielding farmers sat on the main entrance gate of LDA raising slogans. They later met senior LDA officials who assured them of taking adequate steps. Sources said that the matter pertains to the land acquired in Sitapur Road in 1983. That also include the Shriti and Smriti Apartment project in Janakipuram that the LDA is executing with the help of some private developers.LDA vice-chairman Rajnish Dubey said that a committee has been set up to inquire into the problems faced by the farmers. \"It is because of the agitation that some of the housing projects are in a limbo. We hope to see the problem eases out soon,\" Dubey said.Sources said that the farmers were given an additional compensation in 1997. Now they are again demanding an additional 35% compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15009947", "title": "Army jawan court martialled for molesting girl in Sivasagar", "text": "JORHAT: The chief judicial magistrate of Sivasagar on Monday sent army jawan Anil Kumar Upadhaya, accused of molesting a girl in the district, to the army court martial for taking legal action against him. The CJM court passed the order after hearing a petition from the army court of inquiry where Upadhaya was produced before it.Sivasagar SP Akhilesh Kumar Singh said, \"An army court of inquiry on Monday produced army jawan Anil Kumar Upadhaya, accused of molesting a girl, before the court of CJM in Sivasagar, with a prayer to send the accused to the army court martial. The CJM, after hearing the petition, court martialled the accused.\" The SP said the army court of inquiry had taken the accused for one-day remand after police produced him in the CJM court on Sunday. However, police have found sufficient evidence against the army jawan on his involvement in the crime.The army jawan allegedly tried to molest a girl belonging to Mishing community when he, along with the 13 member army team were patrolling the flood-affected Dolpa area under Nitaipukhuri police station in Sivasagar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15009867", "title": "'Misogynist' jibe at Assamese outside state", "text": "GUWAHATI: As if derogatory terms like 'chinki' or 'junglee' weren't enough, people of the Assamese community, both students and working professions, are facing flak for the GS Road molestation incident in places like Bangalore and Delhi in the form of verbal taunts and jibes.The city has now become synonymous with the July 9 incident. Just type 'g' and 'u' on search engine Google and the first links that come up are on the Guwahati molestation.\"I have been living in Delhi for the past 24 years, and I had created an impression in front of my non-Assamese friends that we, as a people, are free and open-minded; we have no dowry system and women get a special respect in our community. But after this incident, the non-Assamese people who know me have begun asking me whether this is the way the Assamese men treat their women. With this incident, the image of our people has taken a severe setback,\" said Ashim Dutta, a Delhi-based web designer and entrepreneur.And it is not just the molestation incident that is behind this loss of face for the Assamese. The recent public thrashing of MLA Rumi Nath, which was caught live on camera, had sent shock waves across the nation. And the incident which was still fresh in the minds of people when the young girl was publicly molested by a mob on GS Road last Monday. The entire episode, which was recorded on camera, resulted in a massive national outrage.The footage of the assault, which was being repeatedly aired by major national broadcasting networks, has not only enraged the general populace but put the spotlight on Assamese community. The incident has smudged and tainted the image of the docile Assamese, and this at a time when the state was just emerging from decades of insurgency, which had earned it the sobriquet of being 'strife-torn'.Chandan Medhi, an Assamese software professional based in Bangalore, said, \"The G S Road episode has given a chance to those who love to term Assam as some sort of savage land. Since the incident I've been barged with questions like 'Is this a regular affair?', 'Is this the way you all treat women for having a peg or two?', and the worst one - 'Are we misogynists?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010774", "title": "Zakia Jafri can't have A K Malhotra's report: court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Zakia Jafri will not get a copy of the preliminary report, filed by member of the Supreme Court-appointed SIT A K Malhotra, in 2010, with regard to her complaint implicating chief minister Narendra Modi and others in the 2002 riots.On Monday a magisterial court rejected an application filed by the widow of former Congress MP Ehsan Jafri which sought directions to the SIT to furnish vital documents that were not supplied to her along with the closure report copy.Beside Malhotra's report, Zakia had also sought copies of the commentary by SIT chairman R K Raghavan which were submitted to the SC in a sealed cover. The court has declined this plea.In doing so, the court made clear distinction between inquiry and investigation, and said, \"This court cannot order for documents which the investigating officer of this case has not collected or taken in his custody during the course of investigation.\"SIT had argued that the investigation was conducted by IPS officer Himanshu Shukla, and all documents collected by him during the probe have been submitted before the court.Zakia was insisting on a copy of Malhotra's report arguing that there was a change in SIT's view on her complaint since then, and the complainant should be made aware about the evidence that led the probe agency to change its stand.The court has also rejected Zakia's demand for documents related to other post-Godhra massacres like Naroda Patia.The SIT has, however, been directed to supply Zakia another copy of those documents that are illegible.While turning down Zakia's plea, metropolitan magistrate B J Ganatra also declined social activist Teesta Setalvad's request to inspect the 22,000-page original report submitted in the court.\"If applicant is appearing party-in-person, he or she can be allowed to be represented by a close friend. But in this case, the original complainant (Zakia) is represented by her lawyers and she is participating in court procedures through them. In this situation, when she is being assisted by her advocates, it's understood that she is capable of any kind of submissions related to the case,\" the court observed and upheld the SIT's contention that Setalvad should not be permitted to touch the report. She had sought permission from the court to inspect the report on basis of a power of attorney from Zakia.The court has also set a deadline, till the weekend, to complete inspection of the report. Moreover, the court has asked SIT to file an affidavit by July 21 showing a list of documents featuring in the report, that were not collected during the course of investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011635", "title": "Kanwarias walk, cars crawl", "text": "GURGAON: The rush of Kanwarias the day before Shiv Ratri led to a massive jam on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway on Monday morning, thus inconveniencing commuters.Those coming from the Delhi side of the Expressway were especially in for shock as the jam started from Radisson hotel near Mahipalpur and extended till the Delhi-Gurgaon toll plaza up to the Ambience Mall exit.With no prior intimation available on the increased movement, Monday morning rush became a nightmare for commuters, most of whom reached their offices much after their scheduled time.\"Since Monday mornings usually witness heavy traffic, I leave home about 30 minutes earlier. However, this Monday when I reached the Vasant Vihar flyover of the Expressway, the traffic speed seemed much slower than other Mondays. The situation was worst near Raddison hotel where the traffic barely moved inches,\" Raman Kaur, a chartered accountant, commuting on the road said.The delay was especially bad for a few like Dr Priyanka Mathur for who it was the first day at work. \"I have just joined a new workplace and got stuck in this unexpected traffic near Mahipalpur. I was anxious all the while till I reached my workplace.\"Meanwhile, according to an official statement issued by the private concessionaire, \"There was congestion on the expressway on account of the increased rush of the Kanwar Yatra which is now in its last couple of days. Provision has been made to provide a crossing to the Kanwarias at key points like Udyog Vihar and near Ambience Mall where traffic has to be stopped. Similarly the traffic is affected at each entry and exit point where the Kanwarias need to be provided a safe crossing. We have deployed 50 additional traffic marshals who are working closely with the traffic police in managing the increased flow of the Kanwar Yatris. We have also provided a pedestrian pathway all along the expressway for the safe passage of the Kanwarias and put up more than 200 signboards requesting commuters to drive safely and provide way for the Kanwarias.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15011912", "title": "Lalbaug flyover railing to be extended to ease traffic jams", "text": "MUMBAI: Motorists driving towards CST via the Lalbaug flyover will have to take the Gloria Church flyover too. There will be no scope for them to avoid this flyover and use the road below it. Similarly, CST-bound motorists on the road below the Lalbaug flyover will have to stay on the road till the start of the J J flyover. They will not be able to use the Gloria Church flyover.A year after the Lalbaug flyover was opened to the public, the city administration has decided to enforce these \"corrective\" measures in a bid to ease traffic and pedestrian movement. The administration will put up iron railings between Lalbaug and Gloria Church flyovers to ensure that motorists do not deviate from the plan.The Lalbaug flyover's Jijamata Garden (Byculla) ramp will be extended with iron railings of 250 meters and 110 meters each on either side.This will unite the flyover's CST-bound end with the Gloria Church flyover. For Sion-bound traffic on the Lalbaug flyover, The railings will ensure segregation of flyover-bound and road-bound traffic closer to the Gloria Church flyover, which is the CST-bound flyover only.These changes, according to Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), will help segregate traffic from the flyover and the road below and help resolve the frequent snarls towards Lalbaug flyover's Byculla end near the garden.\"The criss-crossing of traffic from the road and the flyover slows down the pace of vehicular movement. This is because traffic from the road below take Gloria church flyover and the vehicles from Lalbaug flyover avoid Gloria church flyover,\" said a senior MMRDA official.\"This also brought the backlog of traffic up to pedestrian subway below Lalbaug and Gloria to go to Jijamata Garden thus affecting the pedestrian movement as well,\" revealed the official.The MMRDA will spend around Rs 14 lakh to install the railings. which are expected to avoid slow movement of traffic as well as of pedestrians around.The recommendation to do so had come from the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhagalpur ( bihar )", "code": "15012776", "title": "Assam youth's murder shrouded in mystery", "text": "BHAGALPUR ( BIHAR ): All hopes of the safe rescue of an abducted youth from Silchar district in Assam was lost following the recovery of his body on Sunday, a week after his kidnapping. Pritam Bhattacharya, 25, son of a retired principal and resident of Silchar in Assam, went missing from Naugachhia railway station in Bhagalpur district on July 9 when he was on way to New Delhi. He was travelling by Awadh-Assam Express.The railway police at Naugachhia besides the family members of Bhattacharya earlier believed that the youth was kidnapped and would be rescued safely from the clutches of his abductors. His body was recovered by the Naugachhia police near the railway overbridge under Katariya railway station on Barauni-Katihar railway section on July 15.It may mentioned here that Bhattacharya, a postgraduate in physics, was on way to New Delhi to appear in an examination for enrolment in PhD in Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU). According to police sources, the deceased had a heated exchange with some youths in the train bogie, about which he had also told his family members.Later on, some of these youths snatched his bag and disembarked from the train at Naugachhia station. According to sources, Pritam was carrying important documents including certificates and other articles in his bag. On impulse, Pritam got down from the train and chased the youths, but in vain. He, subsequently, reported the matter to the railway police and also informed his family in Assam around 3pm on July 9. His mobile got switched-off after Pritam talked to his family members, said police sources, quoting the family members. Since July 9, his whereabouts were not known, sources said, adding everybody including police believed that Pritam would be rescued from the clutches of abductors. His uncle and cousin had been camping here and requesting the police to recover Pritam safely.The recovery of Pritam's body has baffled the police while his family members are shocked. Pritam was the only son of Mahesh Bhattacharya, retired principal of a college in Silchar.Naugachhia SP Jaikant told TOI on Monday the incident took place under the jurisdiction of GRP and they are assisting the GRP in investigating the incident. The Naugachhia police said the motive of the crime was not yet clear. Police would be able to lift the veil from the crime soon, said the SP, adding the perpetrators of the crime would be arrested.Railway IG Vinay Kumar Singh said, \"We have interrogated some antisocial elements and history-sheeters in and around Naugachhia police district. The GRP are also eliciting information from the railway ticket examiner and fellow passengers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011131", "title": "Kabir Suman will stick to Pranab in President polls", "text": "KOLKATA: Rebel Trinamool Congress MP Kabir Suman is not going to break party discipline. Suman will make himself available in Kolkata, along with other Trinamool MPs, on the day of the presidential polls on July 19, as he has been asked by the party general secretary Mukul Roy .But unlike Mamata, who is keeping her cards close to her chest, Suman has made up his mind. He will be voting for UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee even if the party decides otherwise. Suman is aware that the party whip doesn't apply in the presidential polls.A few days back, the Trinamool MP received a letter from the party general secretary asking him to be present in the West Bengal assembly at the specified time. A form was attached to the letter. \"I needed to fill in the form to vote for the presidential polls in the assembly instead of the Parliament. I signed on the designated places, expressing my choice to be present along with other MPs on that day for the voting and sent it back to Roy. After all, I am still a partyman and will follow the party discipline and reach the assembly on time,\" the rebel Trinamool MP said. When asked whether he will exercise his choice if his party decides otherwise, Suman said: \"It is my choice. I will go ahead and vote.\"Suman also stuck to his earlier stance that he would vote for UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee and saw no reason to go back on his earlier announcement. \"I am firm in my decision. I will vote for Pranab babu, even if my party supports someone else. He is my choice and I will go ahead and register it. I won't be dictated on occasions where dictates do not apply,\" Suman said.Since he has made up his mind, the rebel Trinamool Congress MP has decided to stay away from the meeting of the Trinamool MLAs and MPs on the presidential polls. \"There is no reason why I should go to this meeting. I have always been treated with disdain. I prefer to stay away from all such party gatherings,\" Suman said in anger. His defiance goes back to the time when Operation Green Hunt started in 2010. Suman had planned to stage a dharna outside the Parliament demanding the withdrawal of the joint forces.\"Mamata Banerjee wrote to me at that time, requesting me to desist from staging the dharna. She assured me that she would meet me along with the other MPs and look for a solution. But to this day, that hasn't happened. I have a background in people's movement, naturally I feel cheated,\" Suman said.He asserted that he does not have a background of party politics and it was on Mamata Banerjee's request, that he had contested the 2009 Lok Sabha polls. \"I thought that I will be able to do some good for the people, if I become an MP. I have tried my best to do that. However, I cannot agree with many things that Mamata Banerjee now professes. So, I make my stand clear every time. However, I cannot deny that I am still a part of the Trinamool Congress.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011461", "title": "Congress pushes Mamata Banerjee into blind alley", "text": "KOLKATA: The alliance exists only on paper. The warmth has fizzled out at the grassroots level in Bengal as UPA allies Congress and Trinamool Congress continue to behave like adversaries, just two days before Mamata Banerjee communicates her stand on the presidential poll to her party MLAs and MPs.Mamata is still keeping her cards close to the chest, apparently keeping the door open for last-minute parleys with Congress, though her own partymen admit that it is a remote possibility.AICC general secretary Shakeel Ahmed, too, refused to give up hope that Mamata would vote for Pranab Mukherjee , but the Congress high command did little to woo her, unlike the way it gave Uttar Pradesh a Rs 45,000 crore package. What's more, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi gave the UPA first ally the cold shoulder by selecting Hamid Ansari for the vice-president's post, sending out clear signals that Mamata has to fall in line to keep the alliance alive.Mamata also seems to have run out of options for an honourable retreat for the time being. She is not in a position to join hands with the NDA and support its presidential candidate P A Sangma. Nor can she afford to take on Hamid Ansari publicly, realizing its impact on her Muslim vote base.She cannot also eat her words and vote for the UPA candidates after senior Trinamool Congress minister Subrata Mukherjee told the other day that supporting the UPA candidate in the presidential poll was never a condition of alliance between the two parties.Instead, the formal appeal to the Trinamool Congress chief from Congress leaders in Delhi and the pressure from Pradesh Congress leaders who chose to call on West Bengal governor M K Narayanan over the deteriorating law and order in the state is causing irritation among the Trinamool leaders.Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said he was not against Congress' alliance with Trinamool but if one partner \"violates the ethics of coalition politics everyday, it cannot be accepted\".\"Trinamool activists are attacking Congress workers in the districts and even capturing Intuc offices but the state government is sitting idle,\" Bhattacharya said after coming out of Raj Bhawan.Trinamool minister Partha Chatterjee was quick to counter. \"The Congress has no other issue other than attacking the state government of which it is a part,\" Chatterjee said.In West Midnapore, Trinamool MP Subhendu Adhikary said in a public meeting how the Congress was neglecting Bengal by denying its due to the state government when it was showering bounties on UP. \"The people of Bengal will never accept such neglect,\" he said.The mood at the grassroots defies any possibility of a last-minute rapprochement. Mamata is also against surrendering the state's cause under any circumstances.Trinamool legislators will meet chief whip Sovandeb Chattopadhyay at his assembly chamber on Wednesday between noon and 5pm to receive instructions on whom to vote for on Thursday, or whether to abstain. \"All MLAs will have to sign the register to record their presence on Wednesday,\" Chattopadhyay said. \"Party leaders Mukul Roy or Partha Chattopadhyay will instruct them, or I will be told what to communicate (to the MLAs).\" The MPs will receive their instructions separately, also in the city.AICC general-secretary and Bengal in-charge Shakeel Ahmed still appeared hopeful of Mamata's support: \"Ultimately the decision will be hers, but as a political observer for Congress in Bengal, I sincerely believe that Mamata will not ask her party MPs and MLAs on July 18 to abstain from the presidential election the next day and instead (decide to) support Pranab Mukherjee. We are still very much hopeful that as an important ally of UPA, Mamata Banerjee will take her party's stand on supporting both our presidential and vice-presidential nominees.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15011589", "title": "Home guards job drive stalled amid protests", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A recruitment drive of home guards was abruptly stalled following vehement protest by a section of serving and retrenched home guards in Bhubaneswar on Monday.Hundreds of former home guards, who were sacked for alleged dereliction of duty over the past one year, accused the commissionerate police of inviting applications from youths without releasing formal advertisements in newspapers. The disgruntled serving and ex-home guards alleged that the recruiters took kickbacks from the aspirants.\"I was removed from service on the false ground of remaining absent from duty for a long time. The police department wanted to remove us for ulterior motives,\" said Susant Bhoi, who was sacked nearly a year ago after joining the home guards in 2007. \"Fresh appointments should have been made in a fair and transparent manner. But the police is carrying out the recruitment stealthily and without making formal announcement in papers. We suspect that senior officers took bribe from aspirants,\" said another agitator Rajiv Kumar Jena. \"We want cancellation of the recruitment drive,\" he added.The protesters besieged the home guards' commandant office in Unit-I daily market area and jeered at the senior police officers, including Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh, who were verifying the applications of the aspirants. They threatened to go on a ceasework. Singh postponed the appointment process for one month in view of stiff opposition.\"I tried to convince the agitators that there was no irregularity or corruption in the recruitment procedure. I asked the retrenched home guards to submit applications again. But they did not budge from their stand. I had to postpone the recruitment for the time being,\" Singh said. \"Publication of advertisements for home guards posts is not mandatory. Aspirants regularly send applications to police stations for the job. We often send all applications to home guards office. Then we scrutinize the documents and call candidates for interview,\" Singh added.One man's gain is another man's loss. Singh's announcement about postponement of the recruitment process irked the aspirants, who had come to the capital. Some 30-odd candidates, who came from different parts of state, staged a sit-it in front of the office of the home guards' commandant demanding resumption of the appointment process. \"I came all the way from Dhenkanal to attend the recruitment process. I am shattered following the postponement. There was no money deals for the appointment,\" said Binod Sethi, a candidate. \"A group of serving home guards incited the retrenched ones to stall the recruitment procedure,\" Sethi said.The home guards are an auxiliary to the police force and utilized in election and law and order duties along with the policemen. Besides, they are also engaged in different jails, sub-jails and fire stations to augment the shortfall of jail warders and firemen. Home guards are also deployed in various vital installations, including PSUs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15012090", "title": "Three trainee teachers set afire; two die", "text": "CHENNAI: Unidentified men attacked three newly graduated teachers, including two women, and set them on fire in Arakkonam, 86 km from Chennai, on Sunday evening.While two of the victims, M Madhavan (24) of Pallur and S Ayesha (27) of Arakkonam, died of burns at the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital (KMCH) in Chennai Monday morning, the third, Sharmila (22) of Arakkonam, is at the CMC Hospital in Vellore where doctors operated to seal her damaged vocal cords, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15012533", "title": "New force to protect vital installations", "text": "Hubli: The government is contemplating to have Karnataka State Industrial Security Force (KSISF) on the lines of Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) to ensure the safety of all its vital installations, including reservoirs and airports. According to sources, security of a few important vital installations, including Mysore RBI, Bangalore International Airport, Isro, Mangalore Port, RTPS (Raichur), and TB dam, is being handled by CISF now, while other installations are under the vigil of state police. Sneaking in of terrorists into cities like Hubli and Bangalore, incidents like bomb blasts at Chinnaswamy Stadium (Bangalore) and small airports/ other installations being prone to terrorists' targets have prompted the government to think of having its own force like KSISF. Sources added that initially, the government wants to set up three battalions, each with 1,000 constables. The government is identifying land to set up the battalions in Belgaum, Shimoga, while the same for Bangalore has been finalized. About 100 acres of land is needed for each battalion. The process of recruiting constables to KSISF has started two months ago, and 1,500 constables have been recruited. The government is targetting to recruit another 1,500 constables by October, after which the new recruits will be trained by National Industrial Security Academy (NISA, Hyderabad). The government and NISA have entered into an agreement to train them from November. According to sources, the constables will be trained to deal with different challenges, including terrorist attacks, in one year before being put on the job. Speaking to TOI, Belgaum SP Sandeep Patil said that IG (internal security) Hemant Nimbalkar had recently visited Belgaum to discuss about the land for the battalion there. \"We will be able to finalize the land soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15012398", "title": "HC asks govt to file status report on law varsity plot", "text": "RANCHI: Hearing the petition filed by the Jharkhand Bar Council for speedy execution of the project meant for the national law university, the Jharkhand high court on Monday directed the government to file status report within two weeks.State advocate general Anil Kumar Sinha submitted a report saying the government had formed a high-powered committee headed by land reforms and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahato on an earlier direction of the court. He also informed the court that since the first meeting convened by the committee was not attended by Nagri villagers, the committee gave them a second chance and a meeting was in progress at Birsa Agriculture University the same day.Taking note of the declaration that JMM chief Shibu Soren made in front of the villagers during a public meeting, the high court asked the government to explain if it had plans to return every agricultural plot that had been acquired till date.Sinha said the government sought four weeks to formulate the points of agreement that is to be framed by the committee after consulting the villagers but the court asked to file it by July 31. \"Since the committee held its first meeting with the villagers on Monday, it would now draft a recommendation agreeable to both the parties thereafter a report would be submitted to the court,\" he said.The advocate general admitted that the government would have to review the old projects in which agricultural land was acquired and file a report if they could be returned to the owners. \"It seems that projects like the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences, Heavy Engineering Corporation, Bokaro Steel Limited and others wherever land was acquired would have to be reviewed if agricultural land was acquired in those cases. Obviously returning of land in these cases is impractical,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15010839", "title": "Designation doesn't bother me: Gautam Gambhir", "text": "CHENNAI: It was at the MA Chidambaram Stadium about 48 days back when Gautam Gambhir lifted that glittering Indian Premier League trophy. One and all lauded the Kolkata Knight Riders skipper's leadership abilities and the whispers started getting louder: \"Was it right to remove him from the Indian vice-captain's post?\"Gambhir, though, stuck to his \"it's all about the team\" theory and even as he gets ready for a fresh new season, he made it clear that it doesn't bother him what his \"designation\" is in the team.\"I don't go out in the middle thinking about my designation in the team. It doesn't bother me whether I am the captain or a vice-captain... My only job is to go on scoring runs and I try to do just that,\" Gambhir said, settling down for a chat with the media after the practice session.\"If I am a good leader, it's just because of my team. Unless each and everyone chips in, a team can never do well as a unit,\" it was the quintessential Gambhir who doesn't buckle down at 97 so that he can complete his century in a World Cup final.When both Virender Sehwag and Sachin Tendulkar are around, Gambhir, invariably has to sacrifice the opener's slot in ODIs. But it doesn't worry the Delhi man one bit. \"It's the team management's decision where they want to slot me...I have no problems batting anywhere,\" he played that tricky one straight out of the park.Setting aside his personal ambitions, Gambhir was more comfortable talking about the team goals as they embark on a fresh new season where they will play 10 Tests, 13 ODIs and the T20 World Cup.\"As professional cricketers, we have to adapt to situations. Every format is different. It's important for us to start well because if we do that, we will take that confidence into the Test series (against New Zealand) and then the all-important World T20.\"Gambhir also made it clear that Sri Lanka will be a difficult tour, coming straight out of a month-and-a-half break. \"They had a very good series against Pakistan and are in the winning mode. Moreover, it's their own backyard and we all know how difficult that can be... Thankfully, we have enough potential in the dressing-room and we need to go all guns blazing right from the word go to do well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15015360", "title": "The 11th Lux Style Awards: a night to remember", "text": "Widely acknowledged to be the Oscars of Pakistan, the Lux Style Awards is an award ceremony that first began in 2002. The Lux awards academy is the first of its kind in Pakistan and dedicated to celebrating and honouring the country's best talents in film, television, music, and fashion. Each year the most deserving nominees are selected by a jury, and voted for by people.This year, the celebration happened at the Expo Center in Karachi, and the ceremony took off with a bang. The function started with an amazing rap performance by Ahmed Ali Butt, who proved to be just as witty as he is versatile and had the audience in stitches poking light fun at their expense.The highlight of the show came with Ali Zafar's moving tribute to the late King of Ghazal Mehdi Hassan with a soulful redition of Mujhay Tum Nazr Say Girah Tou Rahay Ho . Ali Zafar also won the award for the Best Music Album for Jhoom from Mekaal Hasan and Zoe Viccaji.Among the other big winners was Humaima Malick who received the Best Actress award for Bol , and Quratulain Balouch who received both the Song of the Year and Best Original Soundtrack for the immensely popular Woh Humsafar Tha , from the drama series Humsafar . The award for Best Music Video Director was given to Adnan Malik for Mera Bichra Yaar , while the Best Emerging Talent award went to Bumbu Sauce. Lux Style Awards 2012 were attended by some of the most well know musicians of the country including Ali Zafar, Bilal Khan, Mekaal Hasan, Junaid Khan, JoSH and Zoe Viccaji. Ali Zafar later got the party started by putting on an electrifying performance with Humaima Malik to the beat of Jhoom and Madhubala .On the sidelines, the controvertial Pakistani film actress, Meera, took part in a round of Antakshari initiated by Humaima Malik and Ahmed Ali Butt. The audience was left amused when instead of starting with the syllable r , she joyfully burst into a La la la and sang Har Kisi Koh Nahin without a thought. Taking cue from the recent environment-friendly fad that has taken over awards shows and designer initiatives, the award ceremony's carpet was green instead of red which was quite a change from last year's blue. Celebrities posed for pictures dressed to the nines in designer finery reflecting the Western 70s theme of the event.The green carpet was hosted by Moomal Sheikh, daughter of Javed sheikh. The management promised live streaming of the event as well for the very first time, with the majority of celebrities favouring black, white and gold tones. Among these was Humaima Malick who wore a stunning offwhite creation by Shantanu n Nikhil.However, the performances were by far the most entertaining segment. A medley was performed by a number of celebrities including Ahmed Jahanzeb, Ahsan Khan, Mathira, Meera, Faisal Qureshi and Sana. The show also included a tribute to Ahmed Rushdie with classics like Yeh Aada, Yeh Naz, Yeh Andaz Aap Ka , Socha Tha Pyar Na Kerain Gaay and Ko Ko Korina .Oscar winning documentary maker Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy was acknowledged with a Lux Style Achievement award, and graciously accepted her award by saying, \"I feel that the LSA is as special to me as the Academy Award.\" Wearing a Saniya Maskatiya outfit, she was grateful that her work \"was recognized for the first time by a Pakistani forum\". \"In our society, we seldom celebrate peoples' achievements,\" Obaid-Chinoy told, \"We need to have a culture that supports such work.\"Shoaib Mansoor's Bol was also the winner of three awards including the LSA for Best Actor. On the fashion forum, Achievement in Fashion Design (Lawn) was awarded to the designer duo Sana Safinaz. A consecutive win for the designers, whose lawn collection was one of the most sought after in the past year. Kamiar Rokni was also a big winner and got the award for Achievement in Fashion Design.According to the LSA event managers, this was the biggest award show that they had put together ever in Pakistan, with the organizing committee flying in over 100 nominees and eventual winners from all over the continent. Rehearsals for the event began weeks ago with final preparations well in place. The performing and hosting members from stage, television, film and the music industries were diligently perfecting their acts well into the night before the event, determined to put on the best show for the live and television audiences alike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15011789", "title": "Revised rural tariff invites ERC's ire", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Electricity Regulatory Commission on Monday raised its ante over Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration move to assess the sanctioned load of rural consumers, in what it saw as an attempt to harass the consumers in the name of raising its revenue levels.The move came a day after Lesa issued a notice to unmetered consumers of Malihabad and Fatehganj turning their sanctioned load from 1 Kw to 2 Kw. The notice said that the consumers will be required to intimate about their load to the authority lest their load would stand revised upwardly.The said notice comes into picture less than a week after the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) told the commission that the unmetered consumers will be charged on the basis of per kilowatt usage instead of a flat rate which was the practice otherwise. The decision had evoked sharp response from the commission, which sought to know the reason behind the modification since the corporation had by then issued a public notice mentioning the revised power tariff rates, including the methodology adopted for the rural consumers.Chief engineer Lesa, Pradeep Tandon said that load will be revised for only those consumers who have a higher load than what is sanctioned. Lesa sources said that there were many consumers who were using more energy than the sanctioned load. \"As a result, there is a huge gap between the demand and supply, which largely went unassessed,\" said an official.Commission secretary, Arun Srivastava, in an order addressed to chief engineer (Madhyanchal), KB Ram said that nature of the very order was unwarranted and needs to be quashed. \"This is also violation of the Electricity Act, which lays proper guidelines for the authorities on how to revise the load of consumers,\" Srivastava said on Monday. He added that the authorities will be required to issue a fresh order which complies with the rules.The commission was petitioned by the UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad, which termed the notice as a 'diktat' of power authorities. The associated demanded intervention of UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , as the order would hurt the rural consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "15012447", "title": "Dispute over wooden frame claims one life", "text": "BAHRAICH: Two shopkeepers had a dispute over a wooden frame and one of them was badly beaten by the other with his associates. The injured shopkeeper was admitted at the district hospital, but his condition deteriorated after few minutes and doctors referred him to Lucknow's trauma centre. The shopkeeper succumbed to his injuries at trauma centre Lucknow. Police have registered the case against four persons on the application of the deceased's brother and arrested three of them, while two others are absconding.Reportedly Madhavraj Singh (45) resident of Bandha Mod is a victim of flood and he has been living at near dam for about five years in a self-constructed hut. He would rent out the frame wood and bamboos to earn his livelihood. A week earlier a ration quota operator Gulab Singh resident of Boundi and his brother Drigpal Singh had taken some frame wood and bamboos on rent, which proved to be the bone of contention between them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011968", "title": "NRI patient given expired injection in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Had it not been for the alertness of Balbir Kaur's son, she could have developed some complication as she was administrated an expired injection. The department of health and family welfare, Mohali, has held a Mohali-based hospital culpable for this negligence.The incident happened on March 26 when NRI Balbir Kaur, 66, was admitted to the hospital with malaria symptoms. Hospital records showed she was clinically tested for malaria while her discharge form mentioned that she suffered from a serious microbial infection - Salmonella paratyphi.Patient's son Kanwarjeet has alleged that the hospital staff purposely treated her for something else just to inflate the bills. \"The inquiry report is silent about this but we have been assured that the health officials will report the matter to the police,\" Kanwarjeet said.\"The injection was expired and the patient's attendant did sound the staff about this,\" said Manmeet Mann, communication head of the hospital. However the hospital denies wrong treatment and fleecing the patient.\"The patient was admitted with suspected malaria because of history of fever. Treatment was started for the same. Subsequent tests and endoscopy revealed positive growth of Salmonella Paratyphi, an intestinal infection. This was treated appropriately with an intravenous antibiotic,\" said the hospital officialsMedical records show that the woman was given 26 Razo injections throughout her treatment, while the bill mentioned only 13 injections. \"The hospital cannot be generous with us and exempt us. I am certain that the anomaly in the number of injections charged for and those injected indicates some wrong treatment,\" said Kanwarjeet.However, doctors have refuted these charges. \"Not only was the patient undercharged for Razo, she was also undercharged for some other medicines. It is a protocol in the hospital to audit the final bill prior to discharge. During this audit, the patient's medical file is tallied with the interim bill. However, Kanwarjeet had forcibly taken the medical documents from the hospital and kept them in his custody, which led to undercharging,\" said Abhijit, hospital spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010838", "title": "Resident Welfare Associations around corridor cheer report", "text": "NEW DELHI: People living around the BRT corridor have finally something to cheer about. Happy with the findings of the final report submitted by CRRI to the Delhi high court, these residents of south Delhi are hoping that the rest of the city does not have to suffer the same problems that they had faced in the past four years.\"We don't want all of Delhi to suffer like we have. BRT appears to be serving a contractor's lobby rather than the public. Life has become hell for residents ever since the BRT was constructed,\" said Ish Bhargav, secretary for the Siri Fort residents welfare association.\"While there are not even enough buses and other intermediary transport like autos that were promised long ago, the government is trying to push BRT without dependable and safe public transport. How can they even expect people to shift from private to public vehicles when they don't have enough public vehicles? It appears like a money-making enterprise,\" he said.Residents of Masjid Moth are one of the worst affected by the corridor, with their colony right at the corner of BRT. It has become difficult for residents to enter and exit the area. Heavy vehicles keep blocking the way for light vehicles turning towards the colony, thanks to the two different traffic lights, complained residents.\"We have written to traffic police, DIMTS, and even Ajay Maken when he was the urban development minister to address the issue. It takes us 20 minutes just to get out of the colony. Recently, a woman died because the ambulance took too long to reach the hospital because it had to go via BRT. It is a curse on us,\" said L N Meena, general secretary of the Masjid Moth RWA.Welcoming the report, residents of GK say they are hoping for a double benefit if BRT is scrapped. \"Residents were travelling via Nehru Place to go to places like Gulmohar Park, instead of taking the more direct and short route through BRT as the corridor is always jammed. Now we can reclaim the route, which used to be such a beautiful tree-lined stretch,\" said GK-I RWA member Rajiv Kakria.\"A second and big relief will be that the internal GK roads that had become free for all thoroughfare will be normalized. BRT should now never happen in the future as well. Ego has no role to play in city planning. The resistance to correct the grief caused by BRT forces us to believe that there are other ulterior motives to protect private parties,\" he said.Several of these RWAs have formed a joint action committee to oppose BRT and have extended their support to the Nyayabhoomi, an NGO and the petitioner in the case. \"All RWAs that are affected by BRT have extended their full support to jointly oppose against this BRT system in the city. We have to take long U-turns to reach our destination, school buses can't enter the colonies so children are at risk. We hope that the high court shall give the judgment in favour of affected residents,\" said Praveen Kumar , general secretary of the Madangiri village RWA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010813", "title": "Safety norms soon for sewer workers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking note of recent incidents where sewer cleaners died of gas poisoning, Delhi Government has set-up a three member committee to prepare a report on safety norms for workers and transition to mechanized cleaning of sewers. The committee has to submit its report within a week.The Delhi Commission for Safai Karamcharis (DCSK) had earlier submitted a special report to chief minister Sheila Dikshit , recommending banning manual cleaning of sewers. Dikshit had written to Raj Kumar Chauhan, the minister in charge, to look into the concerns raised in the report and come up with a solution. On Monday, the minister held a meeting with all civic agencies, including erstwhile MCD, DSIIDC, and DJB to discuss the modalities of doing away with manual cleaning of sewers.At the end of the meeting, Chauhan appointed a three-member committee including Sanjay Gehar, member secretary, DCSK, and the chief engineers of DJB and DSIIDC. The panel has been asked to draw up a set of safety norms for workers who clean sewers in keeping with the NHRC guidelines.After the meeting, DCSK chairman Harnam Singh said the minister has called for a meeting on July 25 to discuss the findings of the panel and plan the way forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010863", "title": "Eight arrested for betting", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad rural police's local crime branch (LCB) raided a gambling den in Kanbha and rounded up eight persons with Rs 2.41 lakh cash.According to LCB officials, a team led by inspector DJ Chavda raided outskirts of Vanz village near Kanbha on Sunday night and arrested Bharat Chauhan, a local resident, along with seven others from Naroda and Bapunagar. The police seized Rs 2.41 lakh cash, valuables, mobile phones and four vehicles - all worth Rs 10.50 lakh during the raid.Investigators said that Chauhan used to set up the makeshift gambling den and get the cut from the proceedings of the games played.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15011923", "title": "Senior central railway official transferred", "text": "MUMBAI: The railway board recently transferred Central Railway (CR)'s divisional railway manager (DRM) for Mumbai Rahul Jain even before the completion of his term. An officer of the 1979 batch of Indian Railway Service of Mechanical Engineers, Jain had taken charge 16 months ago.Said a source, \"Ideally, a DRM is allowed to complete a two-year term. Jain has been transferred before the completion of his tenure.\"Speculation is rife that Jain was transferred because of a series of breakdowns in train services in the Mumbai division. Jain is among 19 DRMs who have been transferred.Mukesh Nigam, an officer of the 1984 batch of the Indian Rail Transport Service, will replace Jain. Nigam was the executive director (coaching), railway board.Jain's new posting will be as DRM, Hubli. His transfer order comes against the backdrop of a local's derailment at CST on July 13. Jain did not respond to calls from TOI.In May, the board transferred two officials-chief electrical engineer and chief signal and telecom engineer- for the dip in CR's performance after a fire damaged Kurla and Vidyavihar signalling cabins. , resulting in disruption of services for three consecutive days.A few days ago, SS Bhatia, senior section engineer, was suspended by the Central Railway (CR) on the grounds that the he had pressurised a vegetable vendor into giving misleading statements before the commissioner of railway safety, probing the reasons in to Vangani incident that injured three commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15012310", "title": "Officials to monitor civic facilities with CCTVs", "text": "VARANASI: Varanasi will become the first city of the state where the senior officials of state government will keep vigil through online close circuit television cameras for knowing the condition of roads, sanitation, traffic and other works by sitting at Lucknow.Issuing instruction to the municipal commissioner to ensure the installation of all 90 CCTV cameras sanctioned by the state government, the UP minister of state for PWD and irrigation Surendra Patel on Monday said that this work should be completed on priority. The minister issued such instruction when the municipal commissioner informed him that the Varanasi Nagar Nigam had already given its nod for the installation of CCTV cameras. The minister instructed him to identify all the 90 points where the CCTV cameras would be installed. Apart from Lucknow based state government officials the district administration and police would also take the benefits of this facility.The minister held a closed door meeting with the divisional commissioner, district magistrate and municipal commissioner to take stock of the work being done for the improvement in condition of roads and power scenario. After conducting a physical inspection of Kutchehri and Maqbool Alam roads, the minister expressed his dissatisfaction over the cleanliness arrangements and the recently conducted work of road repairing. Patel asked the DM to review the condition of those roads that had been repaired in past three months but were damaged again. The DM was instructed to prepare a report on the condition of such roads for forwarding it to the state government and blacklist the contractors who had repaired it.Before this meeting the minister also held0 another meeting with the officials of PWD, UP Bridge Corporation, VNN, Varanasi Development Authority and electricity department. During the meeting the minister gave last opportunity to the officials of PWD, UPBC and VNN to make the city roads free from potholes in a week or get ready to face music. He made it very clear that in case of injury in road accident due to potholes the officials of agency concerned would have to face legal action. The minister said that all those contractors, who were assigned to repair roads in past three months but the same roads have been damaged again, would be blacklisted and the engineers of department concerned would also not be spared.The minister said that the Sindhora-Pandeypur road would be reconstructed after monsoon season but these roads should be repaired immediately for commuting. He sought report on Lehartara-Manduadih road, which became damaged after repairing. He asked to forward a proposal for the conversion of Kapsethi-Babatpur-Balua road into four lane road to the state government. The minister also reviewed the works of irrigation department and instructed the electricity department to ensure electrification of 29 tube-wells (installed under Chawdhary Charan Singh Tube-well scheme) by August 15 at any cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15012426", "title": "Minister in favour of law to keep tabs on coaching institutes", "text": "RANCHI: Students of Jharkhand can expect relief from the whims and fancies of private coaching institutes, as an act to check harassment of students by such bodies is likely to be in place in the state soon.Members of the Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) met HRD minister Baidyanath Ram on Monday demanding a legislation similar to that of the Bihar Coaching Act 2010.ABVP secretary Gaurav said, \"There are more than 200 coaching institutes in Ranchi, many of which lure the students promising a better future but at the end they turn out to be a hoax. In this case, students suffer the most. Bihar has implemented the law to control the menace of such institutions but Jharkhand has not initiated any step towards it.\"Bihar is believed to be the only state in the country where a law is made to check the alleged harassment of private coaching institutes. The Bihar Coaching Act, 2010 was implemented in April that year. Under this Act, the coaching institutes have to be registered with the government and should provide the students with a clear picture of fees, course and educational qualifications of the faculty members they have. The coaching institutes also have to provide proper infrastructure, classrooms, first aid and toilet facilities to the students. The institutes who have below 10 students do not come under the purview of the act.Taking note of the issue, the HRD minister forwarded the memorandum to his secretary to take initiative for the act. He said, \"Students face many problems because of the fake coaching institutes of the city which are not registered. Such coaching institutes play with the future of the students and I have also felt the need of a legislation to keep tabs on the coaching institutes.\" He said he would try his to enact the legislation and get it implemented soon for the welfare of the students.Suman Kumar, the state head of the ABVP, was happy about the assurance of the minister. \"It is good that the minister took our demands seriously. If the act is implemented, many students will be saved from the fraud of coaching institutes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15012697", "title": "AIISH to educate people on communication disorders", "text": "Mysore: The All India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH) is conducting researches and educating the public on issues related to communication disorders as part of five different projects initiated this year. People suffering from hearing impairment, voice, fluency, phonological and language disorders come to the institute from all over India. Professor and HOD of speech language sciences, Y V Geetha, is working on a project which will help individuals suffering from stuttering. People suffering from stuttering hardly get a feedback. With the help of this project, she will build support to provide feedback to them, said S R Savithri, director of AIISH. Likewise, for those suffering from dementia, common in aged people, a manual is being prepared by S P Goswami from the department of speech pathology. The project is being funded by the department of speech technology. Dr Ajith Kumar, a reader in audiology, is working on a project on the effect of cognitive training in individuals suffering from cochlear hearing loss, who cannot hear sounds of certain frequency. This three-year project is evidence-based practice and will provide a training module to the individuals. A three-year project on critical auditory evoked potentials as a measure of central auditory development in children with hearing impairment is being worked by Vijaykumar Narne, a lecturer in% audiology. Under an ADIP scheme, the institute is distributing body-level hearing aid free of cost to people with monthly income below Rs 6,500. Under the 12th five year plan, the institute may get Rs 44 crore, which will be used to start a speech and hearing institute in Orissa, Tripura, Allahabad, Aurungabad, Jaipur and Uttar Pradesh, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014836", "title": "Gwyneth Paltrow puts bikini up for sale", "text": "Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a self-designed skimpy and low-slung bikini for an eye-watering 119.84 pounds on her goop website.\"Just like every wardrobe has the perfect little black dress, we worked with designer Melissa Odabash to bring you the perfect little black bikini, exclusively for goop,\" the Daily Express quoted her as saying.\"Crochet detail complements the sexy triangle top (with removable pads) and classic adjustable tie-string bottom,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "dholpur", "code": "15011171", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav reminisces school days at Dholpur", "text": "DHOLPUR: Recalling fond memories of his school days, the Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday was in a playful mood during the golden jubilee celebration of the Rashtriya Military School, Dholpur, where he was present as the chief guest.The young chief minister of the most populated state reminisced on as how he and his friends would indulge in they used to do 'ragda' (recreation) in the school.\"We used to call it ragda as it was full masti\", he recalled that was supported by many of his batchmates, who had come to the occasion. Yadav was a student of the school , Dholpur from 1983 to 1990. He took taken admission in Class 6 and graduated from the school in left the school in 1990 after completing class 12.Amidst tight security, of military as well as civil police, Yadav arrived in a chopper at the new campus here and spent around five hours during which he took part in various functions. He had a photo session with the Georgians (the ex-students) of the school.He went to the Shivaji House, where he had stayed as student, and spent a few minutes relaxing in the same room that was allotted to him.\"Memories of school are the most treasured and I loved revisiting the place where I spent seven precious years of my childhood,\" he said.While addressing students at the main auditorium, he was cheered by there were intermittent claps to which Yadav quipped, \"Yahan taali bajane ka purana culture hai, hamne bhi bahut bajaaya.\"On a serious note, the chief minister, though, was not happy with the infrastructure at the school and suggested improvement. He assured the management full support, besides from his side, other than Rs 20 lakh from the Rajya Sabha MP fund from his party.A large number of Alumni turned up in huge numbers came from various places to witness the occasion. However, mismanagement marred the event. At one point, the police were about to resort to lathicharge after a heated argument with a few alumni but was averted thanks to the apologetic alumni, who came forward and calmed down the Rajasthan police cops, who lost their cool and ordered lathicharge after a heated argument with a few alumni.Dholpur SHO, Deepak Khandelwal, reportedly lost his cool with and hurled expletives at a few alumni, who too retaliated. The crowd, mostly comprising alumni, was seeking permission to enter the new campus where main function was scheduled. However, police had blocked the area and said that entry will be allowed only after the VIPs arrive.\"It was poor co-ordination all around,\" said Arun Punia, an alumnus who had a show down with Khandelwal. He said the alumni at they were made to stand in scorching heat. that wasn't a good experience.\"But as an ex-student, I don't have any complaints. These things often happen during such events,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15009895", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: Ruckus in Assam assembly over the incident", "text": "GUWAHATI: The July 9 incident of mob molestation of a girl in the city rocked the assembly on Monday as the opposition stalled the proceedings after its demand for an adjournment motion to discuss the incident was rejected by the government.The pandemonium reached such a level that speaker Pranab Gogoi ordered expulsion of all the All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) MLAs, who were leading the ruckus, and even summoned in marshals to escort tem out of the house. The AIUDF MLAs refused to leave, which led the speaker to adjourn the house just 10 minutes after the house assembled on the first day of the short July session.When the house reassembled after 15 minutes, the government agreed to discussion by any other device but not through an adjournment motion. The pandemonium continued and the AIUDF members staged a walk-out in protest. Later, after the question hour, the BJP and the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) were allowed to raise the adjournment motion for admissibility, parliamentary affairs minister Nilamani Sen Deka changed track and argued that the July 19 incident cannot be discussed in the house as it has become sub-judiced and there is also a inquiry commission probing the incident. Deka said a 1970 order by the then speaker had rejected discussion on any sub-judiced matter and matters that are being probed by a commission of inquiry.The speaker then rejected the adjournment motion based on the parliamentary affairs' minister's submission, which resulted in the second walk-out by AGP and BJP together.The speaker in his ruling said, \"This is an important issue of public interest. The image of the state and the people has been tarnished before the world. The culprits should be given the harshest of punishment and the government is taking steps. The adjournment motion application is rejected.\"Earlier, members of the largest opposition party, AIUDF, started the pandemonium immediately after the house assembled. AIUDF, along with BJP and AGP, had issued notices on adjournment motion separately for discussion on the molestation case and other crimes against women that have recently occurred in the state, including the trashing of Congress MLA Rumi Nath by a mob in Karimganj last month.Leader of AIUDF in the house, Sirajuddin Ajmal, stopped speaker Pranab Gogoi from reading out the day's business and wanted an instant ruling from him allowing the adjournment motion.\"The law and order in the state has collapsed. We want adjournment of all business and the house should only discuss the July 9 incident and all other law and order situations,\" Ajmal said.The parliamentary affairs minister later requested to the speaker to cancel the expulsion order against the AIUDF MLAs, which the speaker did, but this gesture by the government did not pacify AIUDF enough for them to call off their demand for an adjournment motion, which led to a walkout. The AIUDF described the day as a 'black day'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15010386", "title": "Trial run of plastic recycling unit to begin from July 23", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The trial run of the plastic recycling unit at the West Hill Industrial Estate area will begin on July 23. Set up with an aim to address the plastic menace in the city, the unit is considered to be the first of its kind to be built by a local self government body.The corporation health standing committee chairperson, Janamma Kunjunni has said the plant would recycle 600 kg of plastic every day. \"The plant will run on a trial basis for two to five days after which it will be made fully operational,\" she said.The corporation has allotted 0.4 hectares of land at the industrial estate for the unit. The civic body will run the unit with the help of private participation.The plant has been leased out to a private party for 30 years, which in return will pay Rs 3.5 lakh a year to the corporation. The civic body will first remove the piled up waste in the various parts of the corporation limit. The plastic from all the households will be taken to collection points in various parts of the city from where the agency will collect them and recycle it to produce plastic granules. The lack of a proper mechanism to recycle plastic waste in the city has been a source of worry for the corporation for some time.The corporation has recently entrusted a Tamil Nadu based agency for the one-time removal of the plastic waste at the major locations following protests. Around 20,000 tonnes of plastic waste has accumulated at various parts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011814", "title": "TN government takes first steps to unify transport systems", "text": "CHENNAI: Two years after the bill was passed in the assembly, the state government has taken its first steps in implementing the Chennai Unified Metropolitan Transport Authority Act (CUMTA Act). On Monday, officials, led by the chief secretary, met to get a consensus on the demands of various transport departments.Officials said the first step would be to create a single portal which will provide running time of various transport systems in the city. \"This is one of the cheapest scheme and it will be implemented within a year,\" said a source.On Monday, representatives from Metropolitan Transport Corporation, Southern Railway, Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority, Chennai Metro Rail Limited, transport department and the traffic police met. \"Representatives from each department submitted their agenda . By August, each of them will submit a plan which will be integrated, following which steps will be taken to implement them for the year 2013-14,\" said a source at the secretariat.One of the prominent measures of the CUMTA Act is to have a common ticketing across different modes of transport, including parking. As a first step towards the common ticketing program, a smart card named 'More' was selected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15015282", "title": "Cops readying sketches of Kandivali attackers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Samta Nagar police is preparing identity sketches in the case where an MBA student was bashed up by three men at Thakur Complex, Kandivali East, on Sunday.Kadam, 27, works as an accountant with an educational institute at Kandivali. He stays with his parents at Sanskriti society in Thakur Complex. Around 7.30 pm on Sunday, Kadam had gone to a marketplace close to his residence to purchase fish. Suddenly, he was accosted by two unidentified men. \"The men were sloshed and began hurling abuses at him. They were soon joined by a third associate. Mandar was taken aback as he did not know any of them. He tried asking why were they using abusive language, when the trio began thrashing him,\" Kadam's father, Sadanand, told TOI. \"It was getting dark. None of the passersby came forward to help my son.\"Kadam was later admitted to the Surbhi Hospital where he received stitches on his lip. \"His arm got dislocated and was immediately tended to by doctors. We have been asked to get his X-rays done,\" Sadanand added. Kadam had completed his M.Com degree and is presently pursuing an MBA. His family said the youth kept to himself and never indulged in fights with anyone. \"The Samta Nagar police have recorded Mandar's statement and visited the spot where he was attacked,\" a relative said. A case of assault has been registered by the Samta Nagar police against three unidentified men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15011354", "title": "Snag in AC rake hits Metro services", "text": "KOLKATA: Metro services were disrupted for nearly 30 minutes during the morning peak hours on Monday due to a technical snag in an air-conditioned rake at the Mahatma Gandhi Road station. Commuters were inconvenienced after being asked to vacate the Kavi Subhas-bound train at 10.44am. They were forced to opt for other modes of transport to reach their destinations. with many of them missing important appointments.\"On reaching When the train reached MG Road station, the motorman realized that there was a problem with the brakes. The brakes refused to disengage when the motorman tried to resume the journey. Though the problem was rectified by technicians at the station itself, we couldn't ignore the safety aspect and asked commuters to vacate the rake. Many of them were unhappy but there was little we could do. These are technical snags that take place without any prior warning,\" a Metro Railway official said. Though services towards Dum Dum from Kavi Subhas continued for a while after the incident, they had to be discontinued as there weren't sufficient rakes at the Dum Dum end.Finally, Truncated services were run between Kavi Subhas and Maidan. Normal services resumed only at 11.23am after the affected rake was sent to the Tollygunge carshed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15012144", "title": "Anti-ragging laws forgotten", "text": "With a few days to go for the next session to begin, most city colleges are still not abiding by the anti-ragging guidelines. Most of these institutions are not complying with a basic premise to curb ragging in educational institutes at the time of admission --- that of submission of an affidavit by students, saying that they would not indulge in any ragging, which has been made mandatory by the UGC. Panjab University departments too are yet to put up posters with helpline numbers.Three years ago, the case of Aman Kachru, a medical student who was ragged to death by seniors at Dr Rajender Prasad Tanda Medical College, Kangra on March 8, 2009, had caused a public outcry across the country.A fresh circular issued by the UGC in March 2012 (No. F1-21/2009 Anti Ragging) and uploaded on its UGC website mentions that this affidavit required to be submitted by all students seeking admission in any institute is \"now available on the website\".Even as the anti-ragging squad exists on paper in both Panjab University and its affiliated colleges, there is little awareness to prevent any such incidents.When contacted, most UT college principals were reluctant to be quoted on the matter, while some said that a mention in the prospectus about consequences of ragging was enough to deter students. \"We have been assuring all anti-ragging measures on campus even before the freshers arrive. Strict vigilance would be maintained, while an anti-ragging squad is already there,\" says A S Ahluwalia, dean students' welfare, PU.Cautioning senior students on campus against indulgence in any ragging, this year PU has mentioned consequences of one such incident last year in its \"handbook of information for hostels 2012-2013\". Page 19 of PU hostel rulebook reads: \"On September 12, 2011, for his indulgence in ragging, a student (name withheld) was expelled from boys hostel no 1, PU and a fine of Rs 25,000 imposed. The student was also debarred from giving one house test and faced debarment from representing PU in any regional or national tournament/event etc.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15011861", "title": "No High Court relief for MBBS copycat", "text": "MUMBAI: An MBBS student caught cheating at his first year exam got no relief on Monday from the Bombay HC to proceed to the second year. The bench of Justices D Y Chandrachud and R D Dhanuka dismissed a plea by Mobaswar Hossain of MVPS Medical College, Nashik, who wanted to attend second-year MBBS classes despite being found guilty of using 'unfair means' to pass in three subjects in the first term.Hossain and three others -Darediya Asim, Amarjeet Kumar and Sarbeswar Banerjee-\"smuggled out their answer papers of the summer 2011 exams from the varsity headquarters after paying Rs 2 lakh to daily wage employees of the varsity and smuggled them back in after re-writing answers afresh'', said the controller of examination in a letter.The students had sought revaluation for Anatomy, Physiology and Biochemistry and that's when authorities found something amiss. After a probe by the Unfair Means Inquiry Committee, an FIR was filed for cheating against Hossain and three others, said university counsel R V Govilkar. He pointed out how the answers written originally along with diagrams in the Anatomy subject were \"shabby\" and how the freshly inserted answers were \"completely revised with detailed labelling and neat handwriting\".Advocate K Y Mandlik, representing the college, opposed the petition. Advocate Prashant Patil, who appeared for Hossain, claimed his client was \"falsely implicated because of other students''.He said the inquiry was not complete and the university had \"illegally\" restrained him since June from attending classes.The HC showed no sympathy and dismissed the case after observing that there was no merit in Hossain's writ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011934", "title": "Burglars strike ATM counter, fail to get cash", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars broke into an HDFC ATM counter at Perumbakkam near Pallikaranai on Sunday night, but failed to either dismantle the machine to remove cash or take it away.Police said that the burglars had entered through the wall behind the ATM machine. They used crowbar and drilling equipment to sneak into the room. Having failed to get the liquid cash, the burglars fled leaving their behind. The incident came to light when a bank customer visited the ATM to withdraw cash and found the materials littered on the floor.After being informed, police rushed to the spot and informed the bank authorities. A special team has been formed to nab the culprits. \"We are trying to narrow down on the culprits based on the footages taken from a CCTV camera at the counter,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014513", "title": "When DJ Sumedh rocked at Underground, The HHI", "text": "DJ Sumedh was at Underground, The HHI, on Saturday to make revellers groove to his tunes.Latest releases, international chartbusters, house and club numbers \u2014 Sumedh explored different genres of music as he turned up the volume at his turntable, making the house shake to his tunes. At the do, we spotted girl gang Aditi, Priya and Anupama as the trio descended on the dancefloor for an impromptu jig. Paulina caught our eye as she posed pretty in a black top that she accessorized with just a steel neckpiece.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15010159", "title": "Leopard kills 7-year-old girl in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A seven-year-old girl, Sanjana Thorat, was dragged away by a leopard at around 10:30pm on Sunday from Shankar Tekdi in Mulund Colony and nine hours later only the head was found about 500 metres from her hutment, while there was no trace of the body. This is the first instance since 2006 when a six-year-old girl was killed by a leopard at Kandivli.The incident occurred when Sanjana, accompanied by her mother and grandmother, went to attend nature's call. With her mother and grandmother standing guard, Sanjana climbed on the top of the water pipeline, and as she sat on top of it, the leopard pounced on her, caught her by the neck and dragged her towards the jungle. The two women watched helplessly as their child was being dragged away and soon they started screaming for help.Hearing their screams, people of the slum which is located on the periphery of the Sanjay Gandhi National Park rushed to the spot. They also immediately called the police, who informed the forest officials. \"After collecting details from Sanjana's mother, forest officials, police and locals set out in search of the girl into the jungle at around 12:15am on Monday,\" a local Pawan Sharma, who was involved in the search operations, said.It was only at around 7:30am that they were able to find the head of the girl. \"Due to heavy rain and darkness, no headway could be made. The child was found early in the morning,\" G T Chavan, deputy conservator of forests (Thane), said.\"The head was found completely damaged, while there was no trace of the body. It seems the leopard pounced on the girl because she was small and might have mistaken her for a prey,\" said V B Marathe, assistant commissioner of police (Bhandup &amp; Mulund division).Forest officials said this was the first incident of killing by a leopard reported since 2006. \"There have been instances of leopard spotting in human habitations in and around the forest. Leopards often stray into human inhabited areas to look for easy prey and small animals, but no leopard has attacked humans for past many years,\" Chavan said, adding the slum is an encroachment on the periphery of the national park and people are accustomed to leopards straying into the area.On Saturday, a leopard had entered the premises of Whistling Woods International and walked out only on Sunday afternoon. No loss of life or property was reported.Sanjana was Thorats third child and a class two student of a civic-run school. She was a popular child in the locality. \"The incident happened barely 5 metres away from our hutment,\" Sanjana's father Dnyaneshwar told TOI, adding, \"we have been staying here from our childhood and such an incident has never happened.\"Sanjana's mother was inconsolable. \"My daughter forced me to take her out. Initially, I had objected but later agreed and took my mother along. As Sanjana sat on the water pipeline, the leopard pounced on her and dragged her to towards the jungle,\" she said between tears.The police have registered a case under the Criminal Procedure Act (unnatural death occurred due to wildlife killing).The Last KillIn an incident that was almost similar to what happened on Sunday night, nearly seven years ago Mumbai witnessed a leopard attack that claimed the life of a child. In 2006, a six-year-old girl staying at Janupada slums in Kandivli, accompanied by her mother, had stepped out to attend nature's call. When the child was waiting to wash her hands, a leopard pounced on her and dragged her away. Her body was recovered an hour later, with the leopard still sitting close to it. Rescue teams led by forest officials took over two hours to force the leopard away from the body.When Do Leopards turn Man-Eaters?Forest officials reckon that leopards turn into man-eaters under the following circumstances:* If the cat is injured, it is likely to attack humans as it is unable to hunt down other animals* When it is confronted or attacked by humans* When it is accompanied by cubs and goes on the offensive to safeguard them* It usually attacks small children in the dark, mistaking it to be a small animalThe man-animal conflictForest officials and environmentalists say that the man-animal conflict happens when humans tread too far into the animal's territory. For instance, the Sanjay Gandhi National Park is dotted with encroachments, so much so that some of the encroachers have taken up residence inside the reserved park. Also, many residential complexes have come up inside the forest including some educational institutions in places like Aarey Colony. The excessive human intervention displacing natural wildlife territory is the major cause for increased physical conflict. The first step is to move the people out of the wildlife territory and clear the area of encroachments. Also, leopard proof walls, mesh and laser barriers have to be constructed to minimize the conflict.DOs* Stay calm and try to move out of the way* Alert forest officials and rescue teams* Keep children away from the forest, particularly during the night* Cleared vegetation around houses so that the animal can be spotted easily* Put up spotlights so that the area is well-lit* Alert neighbours and locals if you spot a leopard, so that no one ventures into the areaDON'Ts* Never try to tease the animal by blowing horns or making a noise. That can disorient the animal and make it attack people* Must not burst crackers to scare the animal or throw stones* Do not step out in the night without company. A group of three or four people can be a deterrent for leopards* Don't allow garbage to accumulate near houses as it attracts dogs and rodents, which are easy prey for leopards", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mapusa/panaji", "code": "15011436", "title": "Heavy rains cause havoc across Goa", "text": "MAPUSA/PANAJI: With heavy rains lashing Goa for most part of Monday, trees were uprooted in several parts of the state, leading to road blocks and consequent traffic jams. The downpour kept personnel of the fire and emergency services on their toes.The rainfall waterlogged and triggered traffic jams in a major portion of Bardez and Pernem. The national highway (NH) 17 was flooded with water at Porvorim. It left commuters, especially those who were on their way home from office, in the lurch. Vehicles were seen driving through flooded NH 17 at Porvorim. Pedestrians remained the worst affected.Heavy rains throughout Monday also inundated most of the village roads. Stretches of roads were covered in water at Siolim, Anjuna, Agarwada in Morjim, Arambol and Paliem.\"The rain was so heavy that I could not ride the motorcycle. The roads were submerged and I feared I might accidently ride off the road,\" said motorcyclist Ashok Parab from Agarwada.The conditions at the Mapusa bus-stand were pathetic, as there was all muck in sight and several minor accidents were also reported due to the poor visibility caused by rains.\"As the gutter and roads were inundated with water, two people fell in the trench along the roadside as they could not spot it,\" said Krishna Gondlekar, who was at the bus stand, from where he boards a bus home from his work place.In Mapusa town, with most roadside drains choked commuters had a tough time negotiating their way in ankle the deep water. Water logging was also seen in most low lying areas in the town.\"As the gutter could not be seen, a lady fell into it near the parking lot at the Mapusa bus stand,\" said an onlooker Sadashiv Naik.There was also an incident of a tree being uprooted and blocking the NH 17 at Karaswada, near the industrial estate. Emergency services personnel informed that the Acacia tree uprooted and fell on the highway, thus blocking the way for some time but was cleared by them soon enough.In Bicholim, a big branch from a tree crashed onto a garage near IIT Valshi. A similar incident was reported at Nagoa near Arpora, where a tree was uprooted and landed on a house.A cashew tree which uprooted blocked the road at Paroda in Quepem and hindered traffic till it was cleared by personnel of the fire and emergency services.In Canacona, heavy rains lashed the taluka for the second day, throwing normal life out of gear.A residential house was damaged at Gaondongorim and one near the Cotigao village panchayat office. Several trees were uprooted in the taluka, but no casualties were reported, Canacona fire services sources said. However, people living in low-lying areas, especially at Talpona, Galgibaga, Agonda and Dhawalkhazan areas were inconvenienced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15011423", "title": "Margao Municipal Council kicks of door-to-door waste collection", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao Municipal Council (MMC) on Monday embarked on the exercise of door-to-door collection of garbage from all 20 wards of the city. The exercise has been taken up on an experimental basis so as to determine the requirements of manpower and funds to carry out the task on a regular basis.MMC chairperson Arthur D'Silva said that the task will be managed within the available resources of the civic body until proper arrangements are put in place. \"It is tough to collect garbage from all households in the city within such limited availability of manpower. It is being done on an experimental basis for a week, following which more sanitary workers will be hired and a proper system put in place,\" said D'Silva.The MMC is yet to finalize a fee structure for the exercise. \"We intend to charge one to two rupees per day from each household. The charges will be included as a separate component in the house tax,\" D'Silva said. The MMC is likely to start hotel waste collection system which was stalled following the opposition of hotel owners to the fee structure decided by the civic body.MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale, DySP (Traffic) Guruprasad Mhapne and PI (Traffic) Roy Pereira inspected parking arrangements in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "meerut", "code": "15014797", "title": "Meerut on Olympic podium", "text": "MEERUT: Meerut is in the news for the right reasons. The 2012 London Olympics shall see quite a few sporting equipment from Meerut being used by international athletes from across the world.\"We have been supplying athletic equipment to the Olympic Games since the 1992 Barcelona Olympics and the Asian Games since 1982 Asiad at New Delhi. The London Olympics would be the sixth straight Olympic Games for us. We designed pole vault, high jump standards, starting blocks and hurdles which were extensively used in the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta . For the present Games, we have supplied six different products under 12 categories,\" says Amber Anand, director, Nelco India Pvt Ltd. Apart from India, Nelco provides equipment to countries like South Africa , Australia, Ireland, Netherlands, Taiwan, China and US.But why is Meerut preferred as an equipment provider? \"Meerut has been a centre for manufacturing sports equipment since the 1950s when artisans from Pakistan were rehabilitated here after partition . We have master craftsmen who make the best implements as per the guidelines and rules of the Olympic Games,\" states Adarsh Anand of Anand Track and Field Equipment Pvt Ltd, who have supplied hammers, discus and shot puts for the 2012 London Olympics.Amber claims that ninety percent of what is manufactured across the world is done in Meerut. \"It is more cost-effective to manufacture goods here. The companies abroad simply sell it under their brand name.\"\"The training equipment is displayed by the IAAF on its website, one year ahead of the games. It is from here then that we begin to tap the market as our equipment is on display on their site,\" states Amber who is looking forward to attending the London Games.Shekhar Bhalla of Vinex (Bhalla International ), one of the largest suppliers for the 2010 Commonwealth Games which is also supplying equipment to the London Olympics, says, \"The training equipment we have supplied for the Games is on discounted rates since it is a platform for us to increase our market visibility whereas the competition equipment has been supplied at cost rate.\"We definitely have an edge over European markets because our equipment is comparable with the best in terms of quality despite being cost effective. Otherwise, international certification would not have come by for us.\" While manufactures from Meerut who have supplied the required material for the Olympics say that the growth in terms of money would be quite good, they say \"government is doing nothing by way of providing infrastructural facilities to them.\" \"Our effort is bound to give to Meerut some reputation in the international community . But we are doing this entirely on an individual level.\"The spirit of entrepreneurship in India is responsible for its growth. The government must see that now with small cities like ours making a name for ourselves in the international arena, we must get some positive response from them by way of proper roads, power supply and the likes in the city,\" says Adarsh.Some of the top athletes who use equipment from MeerutGerd Kanter ( Estonia ) - reigning Olympic champion in DiscusLi Yangfeng (China) - reigning world champion in women's DiscusDani Samuels (Australia) - top women's discus throwerNick Petrucci and Suzy Powell (US) - top discus throwersJohn Godina (US)- Legendary shot putterVikas Gowda (India)- Current discus national record holderKrishna Poonia (India)- Top women's discus thrower", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012471", "title": "Degree courses at Institute of Hotel Management and Catering Technology", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Institute of Hotel Management and Catering Technology (IHMCT) has invited applications for three year BSc programme in hospitality and hotel administration. The degree is offered jointly by the National Council for Hotel Management and Catering Technology and the Indira Gandhi National Open University, New Delhi.Those who have appeared in the JEE April 12, 2012 list but not allotted seats, or have not paid fees can also apply. The application can be downloaded from www.ihmctkovalam.org and can be e-mailed (principal@ihmctkovalam.org), posted or delivered along with original marks card. Those not over 22 years of age as on 01.07.2012, and SC/ST students not over 25 years of age can apply for the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15011241", "title": "Life in the fast lane: 165km in just 2 hours", "text": "The monsoon is chasing us. We are nearing the third toll plaza on the virgin Yamuna Expressway and the dark clouds hovering above are dancing wildly like dervishes in delight. We have left the Formula One stadium far behind but our driver powering an Innova is firmly in a Ferrari state of mind. He is tearing away at high speed to Agra.Soon drops of rain speckle the windscreen like colourless pimples. And then thick sheets of water come down furiously like liquid silver pellets. For the first time in our journey, the man at the wheel eases on the accelerator. For the next 10 minutes, we move at only 90 kms per hour!On the 165 kms long Greater Noida-Agra expressway, the maximum speed limit is 100 kmph for cars and 60 kms for heavier vehicles - which seems rather conservative: given the quality of the concrete road the maximum speed for cars should be 120 kmph. At 100 kmph, you can drive from one end to another of the rock-n-roll motorway in two hours flat.This super highway is not for bald or retreaded tyres. Most accidents on the Pune Expressway are caused by tyre bursts due to overheating in overspeeding vehicles. All along the Yamuna expressway yellow boards warn potential speed devils - \"You are under surveillance\" -- and that errant drivers will be prosecuted at the next toll plaza.The inaugural date of the expressway, completed at a cost of Rs 10,000 crore, has not been announced yet. The toll fee too isn't known though it is likely to be around Rs 300, sources say.First announced in 2001, the expressway reactivated by the Mayawati government in 2007. The project was tough task considering the engineers and the labourers weren't just constructing a six-lane expressway, with another two emergency lanes on the side. There are also six interchanges, 70 vehicular underpasses, 41 minor bridges, 76 cart track underpasses and 183 culverts. In case of a breakdown, there are orange SOS booths all along. And a toll free helpline. Rest rooms are located after every toll plaza but there are no petrol pumps.The high-speed motorway knifes through five districts --Gautam Budh Nagar, Aligarh, Mayamaya Nagar (erstwhile Hathras), Mathura and Agra. Driving through is looking at a picture postcard of hinterland north India or taking a lightning tour of Uttar Pradesh countryside. Once you are past the Gautam Buddha University with its stupa-like domes on the left, and the red NIIT building and the few other buildings on the right side if you are venturing towards Agra, you drive through wide open space. Barring the odd hamlet and a few scattered houses, much of the adjoining area is sparsely populated. The land is a pleasing green with grazing pastures, paddy fields, mango and neem trees.But there's a flip side to the tranquility. In a couple of places, drivers are warned about itinerant nilgais. Besides, those living in the vicinity seem to be using the expressway as an all-purpose, open-air recreation centre. Men and women can be seen squatting on the edge of the roads. Cyclists stroll. Some young men can even be seen doing sit ups on the smooth flat surface. Hopefully, such sights won't exist once the speedway opens.A huge divider, peppered with plenty of plants on way to becoming trees, separate the two sides of the road. The three toll plazas are wide and expansive with 12 booths for toll collection on each side. From the Greater Noida side, the first arrives at 37 kms, the second at 95 kms and the third after 149 kms.The top layer of the road is quality concrete though one also sees tar in very small patches. What lies beneath the concrete is equally interesting. The lowest layer is earthwork, followed by 50 cms of sub-grade or good soil, then you have a 15 cm thick layer of chips and another 15 cms of drainage layer. On top of it, you have dlc or dry clean concrete 20 cms deep and pqc or pavement quality concrete 32 cms thick. The wheels glide over the concrete as smooth as the proverbial Hema Malini's cheeks. And who doesn't like Hema Malini's cheeks?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011015", "title": "Sudeep Jaiswal pulls off a Houdini", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite the tight security that was specially deployed on the Nyay Mandir premises to nab him, District Bar Association (DBA) Sudeep Jaiswal managed to hoodwink the cops and get pre-arrest bail from two different courts - sessions and judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) - in separate cases by sending a \"friend\" to plead.Ironically, earlier in the day Jaiswal, appearing personally in the Monica Kirnapure murder case which was being in another session's court, took leave citing the lawyers' strike that had been called to protest the highhandedness of the police against DBA members on Friday. Though Jaiswal was present in the district and sessions court for most part of the day - either in the court, his chambers or the DBA office for a general body meeting - the police did not make any attempt to arrest him.Jaiswal got an ad interim bail till July 19 from the sessions court in the constable assault case registered against him at the Sadar police last Friday. In the other case, the top lawyer surrendered before the JMFC. He and several supporters had been charged with assaulting the principal of Methodist High School in Mecosabagh by the Jaripatka police. He was granted bail for Rs4,000.On July 13, Jaiswal is alleged to have slapped a constable, who was on duty at the Nyay Mandir gate, twice. He had been called to the spot by a woman lawyer who claimed that she had been abused by the constable. The DBA met and then decided to strike work on Monday.Jaiswal was booked for assaulting a government servant on duty, a non-bailable offence. There were other charges levelled against him too.On Monday, the DBA also held a general body meeting at the court premises and passed a resolution that charges against Jaiswal and other lawyers be withdrawn. TOI learns that Jaiswal, who is the body's president, had also attended the meeting.Zone II DCP MY Siram said that Jaiswal managed to sneak into the court despite a watertight arrangement. \"We knew he would try to make it to the court for bail and had made arrangements. Yet, he managed to do it before we could stop him,\" he said.Jaiswal seemed to be amused by the police arrangements for him. \"I'm not a terrorist,\" he said.\"Though the DBA had relaxed the strike on Monday to some extent, lawyers will not attend the court from Tuesday,\" he added. Jaiswal however, was not keen to name the lawyer who appeared for him in the bail applications. \"There was huge support for me,\" was all he said.Meanwhile, the district and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte on Monday adjourned the hearing on the first day of the Kirnapure murder case till July 24. Special public prosecutor Ujwal Nikam had moved an amendment application for adding a charge of criminal conspiracy against the accused stating that they intended to kill another girl, Vrushali, from the same hostel where Kirnapure was residing.The third year student from Rajashree Mulak College of Engineering was repeatedly stabbed on March 11 last year in full public glare. Police booked seven persons for her murder. The charge sheet was prepared in June last year but the trial could commence now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15010089", "title": "RTI activist\u2019s murder echoes in House", "text": "BHOPAL: Opposition Congress on Monday sought to raise in the Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha the issue of murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood, asking why the state government was silent on the recovery of a laptop, camera, photographs and the report of polygraph reportedly conducted on a ruling party legislator.Raising the issue during the zero hour, Arif Aqueel (Congress) said the charge-sheet has already been filed in the court while many issues related to laptop recovery; camera, photographs and lie detector test report were still remained unanswered. However, state home minister Uma Shankar Gupta said, \"These questions should be put to the CBI which has investigated the murder case. On the demand from opposition and others, the state government had handed over the probe to the CBI, a central agency\", he added.Intervening the matter, state Urban Administration and Development Minister Babulal Gaur said since the matter is sub judice, it cannot be discussed in the Assembly.Quoting newspaper reports, Aqueel said the CBI had conducted polygraph test on a legislator but the details of its report was yet to come out. The house witnessed noisy scenes with treasury benches strongly objecting to Aqueel's remark that the ruling party and its members were associated with the case hence they were putting pressure in this regard.Later, Speaker Ishwardas Rohani ruled that it was not proper to level any allegations in the house just on the basis of any newspaper reports. The CBI had questioned BJP legislator Dhurv Narayan Singh during the course of investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15010036", "title": "System in the offing to keep tabs on absentee teachers", "text": "BHOPAL: Absentee teachers will now have a tough time as a monitoring system is in the offing to check their attendance and leaves.The step has been taken following many absentee teachers at schools and their subsequent suspensions when authorities, including the divisional commissioner, were on surprise inspection recently.A meeting held at the district education officer's (DEO) office on Monday was attended by 89 principals of schools in the district, block resource coordinator (BRC), cluster academic coordinators (Janshikshaks) and the acting district project coordinator (DPC).DEO C M Upadhyay said, \"The monitoring of teachers' attendance would now be done by means of the school education portal. The site has been updated by the National Informatics Centre (NIC). Henceforth, when any teacher goes on leave, he would send an SMS to the cluster principal (sankul pracharya) who would then upload the leave on the website by means of the password assigned to him.\"The teachers failing to inform the cluster principal would be facing strict action, he added.\"Besides, the demand of extra school books, status of distribution of cheques for uniforms and cycles was also reviewed,\" he said.DEO also informed that joint director public instructions P R Tiwari stressed upon a mandatory 'sports period' in all schools. \"A physical training instructor (PTI) should ideally be in charge of the sports period. In case a PTI is unavailable, the principal should appoint a competent teacher as the in-charge. Also, the emphasis should be on the athletics,\" said Upadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15012333", "title": "'MLC poll voting should be through show of hands'", "text": "MUMBAI: The state plans to write to the Centre to implement the open ballot system in the elections for the legislative council. Parliamentary affairs minister Harshvardhan Patil said this had become necessary as large amounts of money were being offered in exchange for votes, especially for seats where candidates were few and the electorate very small (seats for local self-government bodies like municipal corporations and zilla parishads).Patil said if voting is done by show of hands, then no deals would be struck and the party writ would be obeyed. \"The Centre has already introduced the open ballot system for the Rajya Sabha, so it should face no problems in amending the representation of people Act and extending it to the state legislative council as well. We have discussed this issue with other party leaders and they are also in favour,\" he said, adding Maharashtra in the past has asked for such a transparent system.Patil said that owing to the 'money culture', the quality of members and that of debates in the upper House had dropped rapidly.\"This time, the Congress decided to put up only three candidates so that there is no horse trading. The going rate for the current election was as much as Rs 50 lakh per vote,\" he said. Patil added that traders, businessmen and builders were increasingly being elected to the upper House and that the questions raised in the House were only about the building and construction businesses. \"It is supposed to be the House of elders and the intellectually superior, but that is no longer the case,\" Patil said.Noted scholar and president of the Asiatic Society, Aroon Tikekar, said, \"the government needed to do a rethink on the composition of the Upper House.Earlier, writers and artists were members of the upper House. Now no writer even hopes to get nominated. So no questions are raised about arts, literature, science, sports.So, no one asks questions about science, sports or the arts. Many of those elected through the teachers' constituency are not teachers. This reflects in the budget as well.\"Leader of opposition in the legislative council, Vinod Tawade, said, \"If the state is serious, then it must move a resolution in both legislative Houses and lead a delegation to the union parliamentary affairs and law ministers.\" to amend the People's Representation Act.The National Democratic Alliance will support it,'' he said.Tawade said the situation had become very ugly.Nearly Rs 100 crore is being spent to fight elections for local self-government seats. An ordinary worker can no longer aspire to become a member of the council through these polls,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15011146", "title": "Army inquiry recommends punishment for 5 soldiers in blackbuck poaching case", "text": "JAISALMER: An Army Court of Inquiry in Jhansi has recommended punishment for five jawans of a tank repair unit deployed in Neembla area of Barmer district last year for allegedly bringing the meat of three poached blackbucks to the army camp during a war exercise.According to sources, the Court of Inquiry has found that subedar Gopi Lal, hawildar BR Nath, naik N Sarkar, lance naik IR Pardesi and sepoy DR Naidu had brought the meat of blackbucks from a local villager, Sukh Singh. Later Barmer DFO B R Bhadu had recovered 34 kg of meat from the army camp.The jawans were facing the charge of possessing the meat of the antelope, an endangered animal.Since the Court of Inquiry is over, summary of evidence and other proceedings will take place, which may take some more time, said an official.Defence spokesman Colonel SD Goswami said: \"Despite our best efforts, forest officials have not deposed before our Court of Inquiry. We have completed the inquiry and will follow it up with the next legal course of action as per law of the land.\"On the other hand, the DFO has filed an application in a magistrate court against the five jawans. DFO BR Bhadu said that the application was filed in the court on May 29 and hearing took place on June 4. The plea was accepted on June 15 and summons were issued to five jawans and a local villager Sukh Singh on June 18. The jawans were directed to be present in the court on August 31.Bhadu said that the court has directed the commanding officer of the unit, Colonel Atul Bamjoi, second-in-command Lt Col BS Chandel and Major AK Dharwal to be present as witness in the court on August 31.On November 25, 2011, the 88 Armoured Workshop Unit had come to Neembla area in Barmer for war practice. The DFO and his team found three heads of blackbucks in a deep freezer, 34 kg of meat and knife used in poaching. A forensic lab report too confirmed the poaching of blackbucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15010740", "title": "Girl registers complaint against dad, in-laws for child marriage", "text": "JAIPUR: A girl claiming to be a minor has accused her father of forcing her into marriage. She has registered an FIR with the Vidhyadhar Nagar police station on Monday against her father, husband and in-laws.She accused the husband of forcing her into a physical relationship with him.According to the police, the girl, a Class XI student, approached a court recently which ordered the police to lodge an FIR in the matter.\"She has attached a certificate with the complaint which shows her date of birth as December 12, 1994. She claims that she was a minor when her father Bhanwar Lal Gujjar forced her to marry one Hempal on April 1. Child marriage is illegal and therefore, she approached the court to annul it,\" said Rajendra Singh, in-charge, Vidhyadhar Nagar police station.The officer said the girl has claimed that her husband forced her into a physical relationship. \"She says that on April 24, she had gone to school from where she was abducted by her in-laws who kept her confined against her wish,\" said the officer.\"An FIR has been registered under Sections 323, 341, 342, 363 and 376 of IPC against her husband Hempal. Her father Bhanwar Lal, father-in-law Kaluram, mother-in-law Kajori Devi and brother-in-law Girdhari too have booked under various IPC sections,\" said the officer.The officer said the allegations are yet to be investigated. \"The court directions have reached us a couple of days ago. We will first record the victim's statement and then initiate a probe,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15012196", "title": "Spicejet plans to launch flights from Chakeri", "text": "KANPUR: The city may have better air connectivity with metros in the days to come. At present, Kanpur has flights for Delhi, Allahabad and Kolkata. Air India has been providing the service to the passengers from the city. Spicejet, a private airline, is planning to launch its services from Chakeri Airport from last week of July.Though the airline management has yet not decided about the destinations but a flight between Delhi-Kanpur-Delhi is in offing. The airline has already done a survey to know about the passenger needs and what all destinations they would like to fly. It would be better, ff flights for new destinations like Mumbai, Hyderabad and other cities are launched.Three senior officials of Spicejet Airlines conducted a survey of the Chakeri Airport on Monday afternoon and gathered information. They gathered technical details of the airport, saw the runway, passenger amenities and airport terminal. The officials also held a meeting with airport director R A Kushwaha and discussed with him their plan of launching Kanpur-Delhi flight from the airport.Kushwaha said that Spicejet seems to be interested in launching flights from the city. \"They have gathered technical details and given hints of starting flight between Kanpur-Delhi. Later, they can plan flights for other destinations. The Kanpur-Delhi flight is likely to commence from the last week of July,\" Kushwaha added.The civil aviation ministry would be constructing a new terminal next to the existing one at Chakeri Airport. The officials of ministry has identified 50 acres of land. The land is yet to be acquired.Union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal had recently written to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , requesting him to provide 50 acres of land identified by civil aviation ministry. The Airports Authority of India would construct the new terminal building and a parking lot as part of expansion of the Chakeri Airport.Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh had accepted the request made by Jaiswal to further develop the Chakeri Airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15011738", "title": "Dam levels low, TN seeks 40% of inflows into Karnataka reservoirs", "text": "CHENNAI: Taking serious note of the declining water level in Mettur dam, chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi on Friday shot off a letter to his Karnataka counterpart S V Ranganath asking for water to be released from its reservoirs, sources said. The state is worried that if the situation continues, water will not be released from the Mettur dam for another month.Tamil Nadu claims it has not received water from Karntaka from June 1 to July 16 this year. According to the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal's interim award, Karnataka has to release 33 tmcft of water during this period. In fact, Mettur reservoir has received only 2.88 tmcft during this period. \"It was decided to communicate to the neighbouring state that the situation is going from bad to worse here. We are even giving the Kuruvai (short-term) crop a miss due to insufficient inflows into Mettur. At least 40% of the inflows in Karnataka reservoirs should be diverted to Tamil Nadu,\" said a senior government official.Karnataka has been complaining of poor rainfall and inadequate inflows into its four reservoirs. If the situation persists, Mettur will not be opened in the first week of August and water will not be released for another month, sources said. This could directly affect several villages in Salem, Namakkal and Erode districts as the reservoir meets their drinking water needs, with outflow being maintained at 400 cusecs.\"It is the utter failure of Karnataka's reservoir management system that has deprived us the share. The Cauvery Monitoring Committee should take up the issue and ensure there is no such problem during the next crop season,\" Cauvery Delta Farmers Welfare Association general secretary S Ranganathan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010874", "title": "Two kids die, mom survives family suicide bid", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 30-year-old woman jumped off Sardar Bridge at Jamalpur with her two kids into Sabarmati river on Monday morning. Passersby informed firemen who rushed to the spot and saved the woman. Her two children however died in the incident. The incident took place at 11.30 am when a woman came on the bridge with her two children.According to eyewitnesses, the woman first threw the kids into the river from the bridge and then jumped after them.\"We fished out the woman first and then the children. The children were immediately taken to the VS Hospital where they were declared brought dead. The woman was unconscious when taken to the hospital,\" said an official.Investigators said that the woman was Manju Rathod, a resident of Rajivnagar in Vasna and a native of Jhalor, Rajasthan. \"She had come back from her parents' home 10 days back with the children - three-and-a-half-year-old Jayesh, and two-year-old Ankita. We tried to record her statement when she regained consciousness but she kept repeating that she wanted to die and could not answer any questions. The news of her kids' death shattered her,\" said U G Shah, sub-inspector of Ellisbridge police station.Police said Rathod would be charged with killing the two kids. Police contacted her family members soon after the incident and recorded their statement to know the reasons for the extreme step.In another incident, firemen fished out body of a man in late twenties from near Subhash Bridge at 10 am on Monday. The man, who is yet to be identified, had jumped off the bridge early in the morning. \"More than 15 bodies have been fished out from Sabarmati river this month,\" said a senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15011255", "title": "Govt to sack Ramtek council CEO", "text": "NAGPUR: Bhaskar Jadhav, minister of state for urban development, announced in the state assembly on Monday that the government would sack Madhuri Madavi, the chief executive officer (CEO) of Ramtek municipal council, within 15 days. Ramtek MLA Ashish Jaiswal had demanded that government act against Madavi as she was misbehaving with councillors and common citizens. Jadhav agreed with the charges, adding that Madavi was the worst officer in the state.Jaiswal told TOI that police cases had been lodged against Madavi in Ramtek and Wadsa, where she was the municipal council CEO. \"She had thrown her slipper at the chairman of Ramtek council. She had harassed councillors in both towns. She also put common people to inconvenience. People of Ramtek are fed up of her behaviour,\" he said.Before joining state government, Madavi was a NCP leader and an senior office-bearer in Gadchiroli municipal council. She also briefly worked as Mul council's CEO and in Chandrapur district collectorate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15009960", "title": "Agitation against murder of Assam student in Silchar", "text": "SILCHAR: The robbing and brutal murder of a 25-year-old student, Pritam Bhattacharjee, a resident of Assam at a railway station in Bihar's Bhagalpur district, sparked off widespread protest in his home town Silchar.Pritam, an MSc in physics from Guwahati University, was on his way to JNU in New Delhi to appear for a PhD enrollment examination in atomic physics. He was travelling by the Awadh-Assam Express. When the train from Guwahati reached Naugachia station near Bhagalpur on Monday last, a gang fled with his bag containing his mark sheets and a digital camera. He was last seen chasing them. After six days, his body was found around 7am on Sunday under a railway bridge near Kataria railway station, 9 km from Naugachia. His body was chopped into pieces.The citizens of Silchar held a meeting at the Women's College premises here on Monday. They decided to organize a mass movement against the brutal killing of the student at Madhya Sahar ground in Silchar at 11 am on Tuesday. \"A procession, which will be joined by members of different social organizations, will be brought out from the ground and the procession will pass through major streets of the town. This will be followed by the submission of a memorandum to both the Assam and Bihar chief ministers and the Union home minister through the deputy commissioner (Cachar),\" said Sudarshan Gupta, one of the organizers.Barak Upatyaka Banga Sahitya O Sanskriti Sanmilan (BUBSSS) submitted a memorandum to chief minister Tarun Gogoi through the Cachar DC on Monday. The apex literary and cultural body of Barak Valley sought immediate arrest of the goons responsible for the robbing, kidnapping and subsequent killing of Pritam in Bihar. BUBSSS also sought adequate security for Assamese students in Bihar and other parts of the country.Assam minister for excise and sports Ajit Singh and MLA (Silchar) Susmita Dev met the chief minister at Dispur and sought his intervention into the matter. The Assam chief minister assured them that he will talk to his Bihar counterpart over the issue.The news of death of Pritam, son of Shankar Bhattacharjee, former principal of Women's College, Silchar and a teacher of Sanskrit, arrived on Sunday. Shankar Bhattacharjee is also known as a senior ideological leader of the RSS.Social networking site Facebook is also buzzing with protests against the murder of the Assamese student. One such posting read, \"Dear Friends in FB....the cold-blooded murder of Pritam Bhattacharjee in a railway station in Bihar shows the prevailing lawlessness....Students from Assam who study in Delhi and other parts know well the pathetic condition when the train passes through Bihar....I appeal to all FB friends to organize a mass movement against the railway and the Bihar government so that no more innocent lives are lost.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15014738", "title": "Sangeeta Bijlani's b'day bash at Salman's house", "text": "Sangeeta Bijlani can always draw succour from the fact that despite being away from showbiz for decades, the friendships she struck in her heyday still hold good.The former model-actor, who visits Mumbai frequently to finalise her divorce with Azharuddin, found herself in an unhappy situation on her birthday, July 9. Her big plans to celebrate her birthday at a restaurant had to be cancelled at the very last moment because of some reservation issues, and Bijli, as she is still fondly called, was suddenly facing the prospect of disappointing both her guests and herself. And that is when the Khan family swung in.Salman's ever ready mom threw open the gates of Galaxy Apartments (place where Salman lives with his family) for Sallu's former girlfriend and cooked her signature biryani for Bijli's guests. The icing on the cake was of course Salman dropping by to wish the birthday girl before the party wrapped up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010770", "title": "Gujarat: Medical, paramedical admissions from today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Admission to 8,820 medical, dental and paramedical course seats will begin on Tuesday. On the first day, the Admission Committee for Professional Medical Education Courses (ACPMEC) will grant admission to handicapped students and those belonging to CBSE and ICSE boards.The admission process will continue till July 28. Officials said that of the total 8,820 seats, there are 2780 MBBS seats and 1,055 dental seats. Physiotherapy colleges have 1,300 seats, homeopathy 1,525, ayurveda 130 and nursing colleges 1100 BSc nursing seats.The merit list declared by the ACPMEC has 16,293 students. On the first day, priority will be given to complete admissions of handicapped students and CBSE and ICSE board students. Officials said that the students will be required to bring their original marksheets and Rs 15,000 cash with them.This is the first time that admission to both medical and paramedical courses will be granted simultaneously. Till last year, first medical and dental admissions were completed after which paramedical admissions were completed.Officials said that compared to last year, cut-offs in government medical colleges are higher by one or two marks. In self-financed colleges, the cut-off has gone up by three to four marks.Meanwhile, there are ten ayurveda colleges of which only three have got approval. Hence out of the 455 seats, only 130 seats will be considered for admission.\"This has been a regular phenomenon with ayurveda colleges which do not get approval in time and lead to complications in the admission process\", said an official. The official hoped that approval to remaining seats comes in while the admissions are on to prevent reshuffling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15011458", "title": "Rs 4 lakh worth gold stolen from Vasco flat", "text": "VASCO: Burglars broke into a flat at Vasco, Saturday night, and decamped with gold ornaments worth more than 4 lakh.Police said, Luiza Gonsalves, owner of the flat, returned home on Sunday from her native village, Goa Velha - where she had gone on Saturday - and was surprised on finding the main door lock broken. The flat is located in Sea View building near Sanjeevani hospital, Baina.According to the police, the burglars broke open the cupboard and decamped with gold ornaments including 5 gold bangles, 4 gold necklaces, 2 gold chains, 9 gold rings , 2 gold coin bracelets and one chain bracelet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15012147", "title": "Five jawans found guilty of buying poached blackbuck meat", "text": "JAISALMER: An Army Court of Inquiry (CoI) in Jhansi has found five jawans guilty of buying meat of three endangered poached blackbucks during war games in Barmer district's Neembla area in November last year and recommended punishment for them.Forest officials had accused Gopi Lal, B R Nath, N Sarkar, I R Pardesi and D R Naidu of poaching the blackbucks, but the Army maintained that they had only purchased their meat from villager Sukh Singh. DFO B R Bhadu and his team had claimed to have recovered the heads of three blackbucks from a deep freezer along with their 34kg meat and the knife allegedly used for poaching from their camp. A forensic lab report had also confirmed the poaching.Sources said the CoI too concluded that the five had bought the blackbuck meat from the villager that Barmer DFO had recovered from their camp.An official said since the CoI is over, summary of evidence and other proceedings will take place and that may take some more time. The nature of the punishment was not immediately known.Defence spokesman Col S D Goswami said the Army had completed the inquiry and will follow it up with the next legal course of action. But he said forest officials have not deposed before the CoI despite their efforts.The five belong to 88 Armoured Workshop Unit and were part of the war games that had begun on November 25, 2011.Earlier, a local magisterial court accepted Bhadu's plea against the jawans last month and directed them to be present before it along with Sukh Singh on August 31. Bhadu said the court has also directed the unit's commanding officer Col Atul Bamjoi, second-in-command Lt Col B S Chandel and Maj A K Dharwal to be present as witnesses in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15010436", "title": "Body parts found at Vizag railway station", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Police on Monday recovered two bags containing chopped body parts of an unidentified person. Rumours started floating around that the body parts stuffed in the plastic bags are that of the Psycho Samba, who escaped from the police custody four days ago in Kondapalli near Vijayawada.Sources said the police reportedly sent some of the body parts to their counterparts in Vijayawada and Guntur for examination.The body parts of the person aged between 35 and 40 stuffed in two bags were found lying on the tracks near platform number five. Police suspect that the bags, including a travel bag, could have been thrown from a train. While one bag contained allegedly committed the murder somewhere else by legs and thighs and the other had torso and head.The passengers, who were waiting at the platform were shocked at the gory sight of body parts close to the railway tracks.Police have sent the bags to King George Hospital (KGH). Government railway police DSP V Bhima Rao told TOI that the culprits might have killed the person somewhere and stuffed the body parts in the bags.The police was informed about the bags by the people and the sanitary staff around 7.30 am on Monday. There were no clothes on the body parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15011935", "title": "Developer booked in acid attack case", "text": "MUMBAI: A developer is emerging as one of the key accused in the acid attack case on estate agent Doodhnath Verma. The 50-year-old was abducted from Goregaon, thrashed and had acid poured into his eyes, before being dumped in a forest on June 18, over a property row. Six persons have been arrested in the case so far.\"We have booked builder Mahesh Pombhurlekar of PM Developers. He is yet to be nabbed. Verma, on the behalf of his sister-in-law Basmati Devi, had been fighting a case in the high court against Pombhurlekar,\" inspector Dhanaji Nalawade said. \"Some of the arrested are Pombhurlekar's employees. They have admitted that he had instructed them to attack Verma.\"On June 18, Verma had received a phone call from an unknown person who wanted to get a land deal brokered. Verma agreed to meet him at Goregaon station. But as soon as he reached there, he was bundled into a waiting car by four men and threatened with a gun. He was then taken to a room at Mira Road, where he was confined and tortured.\"CCTVs at a shop outside Goregaon station had captured the kidnapping. The man who had called up Verma and taken him to the car was identified as Sandeep More. We arrested him and found the Maruti Swift used in the abduction,\" an officer said. The Mira Road room where Verma was confined was occupied by Vikas Shrivastava who sent his wife to her hometown on June 18 on the instructions of another accused, Balchandra Devendra. Shrivastava and Devendra were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15012110", "title": "Traders write to CM over power tariff", "text": "LUDHIANA: Hike in power tariff by 12.28% has the industry irked and perturbed. All sections of industry are not only criticizing the decision, but some associations have even expressed their unhappiness by writing to the chief minister and expressing their discontent.\"We are very unhappy with Punjab State Power Corporation's decision to hike tariff in order to meet the demands of electricity. Such a recommendation is an indirect admission of failure of the government to honour its often repeated words of making state power surplus,\" said Darshan Dawer, the president of Ludhiana Knitwear Club.He added, \"We have already expressed our discontent to the chief minister in a letter. The industry is already facing a financial crunch and the proposed exorbitant hike in power tariff will further debilitate the production, squeeze the liquidity and throw it out of competition in the national and international field. A better option for the government would be to reduce transmission losses and cases of power theft. We demand a rollback.\"Reacting angrily to the hike in electricity tariff, city industrialists have written to the chief minister, asking him to intervene.\"Before announcing the hike in power tariff from 55 to 58 paisa per unit for industrial consumers and 53 to 58 paisa per unit for domestic consumers, the government should have surveyed whether ordinary people or for that matter even industrialists have the capacity to buy power with additional prices or not. The decision is vehemently opposed by all industrialists and we demand a rollback,\" said the president of United Cycle and Parts Manufacturers Association (UCPMA).Manjeet Singh Khalsa, chairman of UCPMA, said, \"Besides the hike itself, it's highly condemnable that power tariff for the last 3.5 months consumption \u2014 April 1, 2012 to July 15, 2012 \u2014 is payable according to the latest hike announced. In this adverse economic scenario, the decision will greatly affect the already reeling MSMEs.\" Badish Jindal, a member of national board of MSME said, \"The industry will be worst affected by the decision as it will have to pay 830 crore more after this revision. Besides, as an impact of cross subsidy, the industry is also paying 981 crore as additional charge to PSPCL.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15012767", "title": "Close encounter: We may meet aliens this century", "text": "LONDON: An Oxford scientist has given a prediction which will get dollar signs flashing in eyes of Hollywood directors: Humans could encounter aliens in less than 100 years. According to one of leading physicists in the United Kingdom , governments should start preparing for human's first extraterrestrial encounter now, reported the 'Daily Mail'.\"I do suspect we are going to get signs of life elsewhere, maybe even intelligent life, within the next century,\" Jocelyn Bell Burnell said at the Euroscience Open Forum conference in Dublin.\"How well prepared are we? Have we thought of how we approach them? Should we put them in a zoo, eat them, send in GIs to bring them democracy?\" Burnell said. She said we are most likely to find alien life where we find rocky planets with carbon dioxide and ozone in the atmospheres.However, she said that even if we do find signs of alien life, it is likely to take decades to talk to them from Earth through radio or lasers. \"Nothing can travel faster than the speed of light. So you are probably talking of conversations that could take 50 or 100 years, just one way,\" Burnell said.Scientists are divided about whether we should be advertising our presence to inhabitants of other planets.Renowned scientist Stephen Hawking has warned that aliens may plunder Earth for its resources.\"We only have to look at ourselves to see how intelligent life might develop into something we wouldn't want to meet. If aliens visit us, the outcome would be much as when Columbus landed in America, which didn't turn out well for the Native Americans,\" Hawking was quoted by the paper as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15011441", "title": "Combing operations: Over 25 quizzed", "text": "NASHIK: The city police discovered 25 history sheeters, who were interrogated during a combing operations. The operations were held between 6am and 10am. They were conducted in Panchvati, Adgaon, Panchasheel Nagar in Bhadakali, Malharkhan Slum, Joshi Wada and Kasturba Nagar in Sarkarwada, Sant Kabir Nagar in Gangapur police station area and in different pockets of Indira Nagar and Ambad.ACP Ganesh Shinde informed that 25 criminals were checked, 10 vehicles were seized out of nearly 150 checked, since the concerned owners did not have valid documents with them.Senior police officers informed that the combing operations have proven to be a major deterrent in street crime. They claimed that over the past six months, there had been more than 130 combing operations, in which action had been taken against 1,232 people, while 339 criminals were detained.Besides, a large number of meetings are also being conducted in residential colonies to spread awareness among the citizens on security and to cooperate with the police to bring down the crime rate.Recently, the police also formed a team of volunteers in the Adgaon area to assist the police in patrolling the area and a similar plan is being chalked out for different parts of the city, reports said. The combing operation on Sunday came nearly after a fortnight within a spurt of chain-snatching incidents and house break-ins.Shinde said that the police did not arrest people with criminal background every now and then, but the operation was an attempt to keep a check on them so that they do not indulge in criminal activities.ACP Sandeep Palve of Zone 2 said that the combing operation was to keep the surprise element, keep up the continuity of the operation and police presence.However, despite the combing operations, chain snatchers did strike on Sunday morning, decamping with gold chains worth Rs 1.50 lakh. Police explained that chain snatchers targeted elderly women in the interiors of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15010982", "title": "Nagpur to get contaminated water for 5 more years", "text": "NAGPUR: The sad state of affairs at Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) came to fore on Monday when the civic body warned it cannot guarantee water free of contamination for the next five years at least. Executive engineer of NMC's water works department Shashikant Hastak made this statement in the house during the general body meeting on Monday.Making this scary statement, which shocked the entire house, Hastak, who is also executive director of Nagpur Environmental Services Limited (NESL), a special purpose vehicle for monitoring 24X7 water supply project, said the level of water contamination may be brought down but there is no hope for complete resolution of the problem for five years.\"The entire water network spread over 550km is old and requires to be replaced. The work to replace the pipeline will be undertaken under 24X7 water supply project. Until that work is completed, the problem of contaminated water supply cannot be solved. It will take at least five years to make the city free of contaminated water supply,\" he said.Hastak further said the problem of contaminated water increases with monsoon. \"New pipeline network in slum areas is the need of the hour, to reduce this problem. The department has prepared a proposal, which will be sent for the approval of general body,\" he said.These statement were made following directives by deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav, who was in the chair during the general discussion. Corporator from Barse Nagar Pushpa Nimje displayed a bottle filled with black water. Nimje said the water had come from an NMC tap. \"We have been raising the issue for last three months, but officials are not ready to listen to the problems,\" she said.Slamming the BJP-led ruling alliance, leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre said the problem is increasing instead of reducing despite directives by mayor Anil Sole three months ago. \"Officials are not following directives of the mayor nor paying heed to complaints from corporators. They are well aware of the fact that no action will be taken against them,\" he said.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke requested the mayor to direct officials to solve the problem in the ward represented by Nimje by replacing the section of water network where leakage is detected. \"Implement shut downs and initiate works to solve the problem. Citizens can face water shortage for couple of days instead of contaminated water,\" he said.Senior corporator Dipak Kapse said the central government had sanctioned Rs2,000 crore for improvement of water supply since 2006. \"It is unfortunate to see citizens facing problem of water shortage and contamination despite this.\"Condemning Hastak's statement, Thakre said the general body has to take this seriously. \"Citizens in many parts of the city are facing waterborne diseases due to supply of contaminated water. Hastak admitted that the problem will continue for five more years. What is the use of paying such huge amount to private operator and sanction of crores by the Centre? There should be an enquiry into the entire water works sanctioned under JNNURM,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011629", "title": "Daily grind: Getting in is only worse than getting out", "text": "GURGAON: While it was the \"Kawar' movement which led to the massive traffic congestion on Monday morning, Delhi-NCR residents heading towards Gurgaon complain that this is a regular affair and they have to face traffic congestion regularly, from 8 am to 10 am and again in the evening, between 6.30 pm and 8 pm.Situation becomes worse if any car breaks down on the way.In this congestion, what happens regularly is that most of the Cash payers drift towards the tag lanes. On the Gurgaon side, people coming from Udyog Vihar use the road below or along the E-Way. While many have to take U-turn towards Ambience mall, they cut across all six lanes of the expressway right before the toll to get to the other side. This causes massive blockage especially during peak office hours.Rupesh Pandita, resident of Dwarka in Delhi, said, \"My home is in the neighborhood. yet it takes me about one and half hour to get to DLF Golf Course in Phase V. If it wasn't for the toll, I'd reach my office in 40 minutes.\"Another resident from Paschim Vihar, Rajan Vij said, \"I am always concerned about the everyday congestion on the toll road. The private agency responsible for the opening of new toll gates claim that National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) didn't approve of the plan. The agency has cheated the commuters in the name of pre-paid tag facility.\"Nishant Jain, resident of Vasant Vihar, said, \"Although I don't use the expressway regularly, but whenever I do, it's a big disappointment. I prefer the Old Delhi road instead just to avoid the 30 minutes of wait.\"When asked to comment on the issue, DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said, \"Recently, the Punjab and Haryana High Court has directed the private concessionaire to open five kiosks on five cash lanes on each side, on an experimental basis so that six vehicles can get clearance in one go. This is yet to be done.\"A spokesperson of private concessionaire, Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd, said, \"We are already processing over 600 vehicles per hour during the peak hours. This is anyways higher than what is mentioned as stipulated rate in the Concession Agreement. However, to increase the processing rate even further we are looking at experimenting with hand-held toll collecting devices in the lanes. We would also be relooking at out tag policy in order to encourage more cash commuters to switch on to electronic tags and touch card for toll collection which is faster. We are also going to implement High Court's order very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15011638", "title": "Woman Maoist surrenders in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A woman Maoist cadre in Ganjam district surrendered before the superintendent of police of Ganjam at Chhatrapur, on Monday. \"Sabita Mallick (22) also known as Sukanti among rebels surrendered because of sexual harassment in the Maoist camp. She is from Manakadakhai village within Sorada police limits and had joined the Maoists in 2009,\" said SP(Ganjam) Rajesh Pandit.She was a sentry and cooked for the cadres. Sabita was also involved in the murder of a CRPF havildar at Kerubadi and in the encounter with security personnel there, police said. Sabita also knows how to make tiffin bombs, police said.In another development, security personnel recovered a landmine weighing around 20 kg and ammonium nitrate of the same quantity during the combing operation in Ganjam-Kandhamal border. Ammonium nitrate is used for the making of landmines. Four barrels were also seized from the area, the SP said. These were seized during the combing operation by CRPF and police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15011270", "title": "Jawan held with illegal arms", "text": "HOWRAH: An Army jawan was held with two country-made weapons from an unreserved compartment of the Down Jamalpur Express at Howrah station by the Government Railway Police (GRP) on Monday morning. Anup Kumar Adak, 28, a resident of Purba Radhanagar in Hooghly's Khanakul, was posted at an Army unit in Amritsar. He had recently been granted 20 days' leave to visit home.Adak's detention has given rise to apprehensions that gun-runners in Bihar could be using men in uniform to smuggle illegal arms into West Bengal and other states.On July 11, the GRP arrested Lakshman Rao , a 22-year-old suspended Central Reserve Police Force constable from the Down Jamalpur Express at Howrah with two country-made guns and two cartridges. Rao, a resident of Andhra Pradesh was posted in Latehar, Jharkhand , from where he was suspended for absence without leave. Rao had told the police that he had procured the arms from Munger to take back home.The jawan claimed Adak, on the other hand, claimed on Monday that the arms did not belong to him. He told the GRP that they may have been slipped into his bag in the train on Sunday night while he was asleep. After primary interrogation, he has been handed over to the Army for necessary action.\"We acted on a tip-off and kept watch on passengers in the unreserved compartment of the Jamalpur Express. When it reached platform 12 of Howrah, we nabbed Adak and searched his bag. Two country-made guns, including a single-shot pistol, were found in the bag. The jawan claimed that he had gone to Jamalpur to visit his elder brother and was returning to Hooghly. He saidwith plans to rejoin his unit in Amritsar in the next few days. He says that he has no clue about how the guns turned up in his bag. It is certainly strange that Army and CRPF jawans - who are supposed to protect the country - are found carrying illegal weapons. It is possible that they are being used as couriers by gun-runners as they enjoy a certain level of immunity,\" a GRP officer said.Milan Kanta Das, superintendent of railway police, Howrah, said that a probe has started and the jawan has been handed over to the Army. TNNUnder the Army Act, no soldier can be arrested and tried by a civil court without sanction from his officers, unless he has committed rape or murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15010494", "title": "One held for killing Greater Noida businessman", "text": "NEW DELHI: An extortionist has been arrested for the murder of industrialist Ashok Aggarwal, who was shot dead inside his Greater Noida office on June 29. The accused has been identified as Ved Gujjar (21). Two of his associates involved in the murder have absconded.Crime branch sources said Ved collected \"protection money'' (ranging from Rs 5,000-10,000) from Aggarwal every month. When he suddenly demanded Rs 4.25 lakh within a month, Aggarwal refused. Ved then stormed into Aggarwal's Anandpur office and shot him dead. Police said Ved allegedly shot Aggarwal six times. \"We believe that at least three weapons were used, all of foreign make. At the time of arrest, Ved just had a countrymade pistol on him. We arrested him on Sunday on a tip-off from the Narela T-point area. We have informed Gautam Budh Nagar police about the arrest,'' said DCP (crime) Sanjay Jain.Police said after killing Aggarwal, Ved came out and threatened passers-by that those who disobeyed him would meet a similar fate. \"Ved kept shouting that he was an extortionist and that anyone who did not obey him would be killed. Seeing him rant, several locals gathered at the spot. It was then that he shot thrice in the air and left in his car,'' said Joy Tirkey, additional DCP (special investigation team).Cops said Ved is the elder brother of a Greater Noida-based extortionist Durbasa Gujjar. Though Gautam Budh Nagar police has registered cases of auto theft and extortion against Durbasa, no FIRs had been registered against Ved \u2014 an ITI graduate with no permanent job \u2014 till now. \"Ved saw that his brother was becoming rich by targeting those who received compensation for their lands from the Noida Authority. Hence, he too wanted to make quick money through extortion,'' said the officer.Cops said they were searching for Ved's two accomplices. \"We are surprised that nine rounds were fired from sophisticated weapons. We are investigating Durbasa's role in this incident and whether he had supplied the weapons to his brother,'' said an officer. He added the case files would soon be handed over to Greater Noida Police, who had registered the murder case.Ashok Aggarwal, a Greater Noida-based industrialist owned three brick kilns, a motorcycle showroom, a shoe showroom and ran a property dealing firm in Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15011657", "title": "Credit card fraud: 2 in judicial custody", "text": "GURGAON: A city court sent two suspects in the credit fraud case to judicial custody on Monday. The suspects, Akshita Attri (27) and Rahil Arora (27) had been arrested on Saturday after American Express officials registered a complaint about the fraud that was committed using the credit card of a foreign national.The police meanwhile, is raiding several places in Gurgaon and Delhi to arrest Akshay Mishra and Joginder Kumar, the other suspects in the case. Police have stated the suspects did transactions amounting to Rs 10.85 lakh between October 2011 and April 2012.Attri used to work for American Express and was given a show cause notice after the fraud came to light. Her friend, Rahil Arora used to work with a Noida-based IT firm and had also used the credit card and password details reportedly provided Attri. The police have also dug out the internet usage data of the mobile phones that were used for internet shopping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15012035", "title": "T-Nagar is where they really hit the streets", "text": "CHENNAI: Amidst a sea of armchair activism, there are some islands of real action in the city. And what better example than the T-Nagar Residents Association, a federation of various street associations in the area, which has been active over the past two years in an effort to improve quality of life.\"We have mainly raised the issue of encroachments by illegal hawkers on pavements on both sides of the Usman Road and Ranganathan Street, two main arteries, besides illegal structures, questionable activities and lack of fire safety measures in the crowded maze of streets,\" said senior association member, V S Jayaraman. The main issue, though, is encroachment, he says adding with grim humour, \"That's why T-Nagar is known as 'Encroachment Nagar\".To clear encroachers, knock down unauthorized buildings, put fire safety measures in place and ensure right of way for pedestrians, the consumer action group has filed a petition before Madras High Court in which T-Nagar Association has impleaded, said President of the Association, V N Damani.He said illegal hawkers and traders from Madurai and Tirunelveli had occupied space along the flyover on Usman Road making it tortuous to use the pedestrian walkways. \"They pay municipal staff to look the other way and have managed to hang on here despite a corporation scheme to relocate them to Pondy Bazaar,\" he said. Encroachers had also taken legal recourse to get a stay on their eviction.With a slew of petitions pending before the court, the association has now decided to expedite solutions by submitting a plea to the chief minister highlighting issues in T-Nagar, said Abdul Kadar, secretary of the residents' body. He says a relatively new issue is the mushrooming of ladies hostels in the area which has \"attracted anti-social elements\".\"There are four to five ladies' hotels on Hadley road alone,\" he says. The only silver lining is the bright electric lamps on some roads which has discouraged the practice of drinking under cover of darkness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15011930", "title": "A love story told through letters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Get ready to enjoy a love story of two persons who could neither stay together nor apart. They exchanged love letters for 35 years. 'Tumhari Amrita', inspired by A R Gurney's 'Love Letters' (1988), will have Shabana Azmi and Farooq Sheikh in the lead roles of Amrita Nigam and Zulfikar Haider.It is a funny, poignant, melancholic chronicle directed by Feroz Abbas Khan. The story is told through love letters exchanged between the two persons who are from different backgrounds. It brings forth the relationship between the two who are engaged in constantly shifting priorities.In the play, the actors do not memorize the script but read out letters placed on their writing desks throughout the performance. Its Hindi/Urdu version was created in 1992 by playwright Javed Siddiqui. After its premiere at Prithvi Theatre, Mumbai, in February 1992, it has been staged in India, Europe, the US and Pakistan.The 1.30 hours play will be staged at Tagore Theatre on Wednesday evening at 6. Entry to the event will be by invitations only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010854", "title": "CBI's whistleblower arrested for betel nut scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Juhapura-resident Sarfaraz Khan, who got Securities Exchange Bureau of India (SEBI) deputy general manager arrested in May this year, was nabbed under Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities (COFEPOSA) Act, 1974 on Monday.Khan was arrested in a betel nut import scam in which textile trader and importer Ashok Panchariya has already been detained under COFEPOSA last month.Last year, DRI booked a case against Panchariya, a resident of Vrundavan Bungalows, Thaltej, and Khan after it seized 72 metric tonnes of betel nut at Nhava Sheva port in Mumbai. Khan had imported the betel nut through his trading company SV Enterprise from Indonesia but changed the country of origin to Sri Lanka to claim benefits of preferential rate of duty. For betel nut import from Indonesia one has to pay 108% duty, while for Sri Lanka it is only 8% as it falls under SAARC Preferential Trading Arrangement (SAPTA).\"Detention orders to arrest Panchariya and Khan were issued on June 22. However, only Panchariya was arrested while Khan went underground. He surrendered on Monday after all ways for him to escape were shut down,\" said a DRI official. The duo has been accused of evading Rs 4.4 crore duty in betel nut imports.\"Both Khan and Panchariya have been earlier found to be involved with metal scrap, diaper and wet date import scams. DRI has also found their footprints in the recent seizure of poppy seeds which were illegally imported from Pakistan ,\" sources said.SEBI had last year banned SV Enterprise from equity market alleging it of market manipulation using Global Depository Receipts (GDR) and initiated an inquiry. Khan later filed a complaint with CBI against SEBI DGM Avarjeet Singh accusing him of demanding bribe to clear his name off the GDR scam inquiry. On Khan's complaint, CBI laid a trap and arrested company secretary Ashok Mehta with Rs 25 lakh from a hotel in Ahmedabad. Mehta had allegedly come to collect the bribe from Khan on behalf of Singh who was later arrested from Delhi and brought to the city.SEBI order against Khan's company had also banned another Ahmedabad-based broking firm Pan Asia Advisors Ltd alleging it of manipulating share prices of several companies by misusing GDRs. Pan Asia Advisors promoter - Arun is Pancharia's brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15009778", "title": "Woman journalist's condition stable, no arrest so far", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Times journalist Tongam Rina (32), who was shot at by an unknown gunman on Sunday evening, is recovering at the R K Mission Hospital here. The doctors successfully conducted a surgery on her on Sunday night. However, she will be kept under observation for the next 24 hours though her condition is stable.The associate editor of the daily was shot at when she was about to enter her office in Itanagar. Journalists in Arunachal Pradesh demanded the immediate arrest of the attacker on Monday. A case has been registered in the Itanagar Police Station and a non-bailable arrest warrant issued against the unknown gunman.Chief minister Nabam Tuki also convened a high-level meeting on Monday to assess the situation, calling for a serious and thorough investigation into the incident. The meeting was attended by the chief secretary, DGP, DIG and capital deputy commissioner.Tuki condemned the attack on Rina, saying that \"attack on the media is an attack on the people and therefore, an attack on the government.\"\"The criminal - whatever be his or her identity - has to be arrested and arrested immediately,\" Tuki asserted. The CM directed the chief secretary to sound red alert in and around the state capital complex and launch an extensive hunt to nab the culprit.The DGP informed that ITBP and CRPF personnel are assisting the state police in the search operation. Nakas have been put up at various locations with orders to frisk each and every vehicle. All entry and exist points to the capital have been sealed and monitored by security personnel, who are specifically on the lookout for unauthorized and illegal possession of arms and weapons.Tuki assured the media fraternity that their freedom of expression will be ensured at any cost and appealed to them to cooperate with the government in the investigations. While praying for speedy recovery of Rina, he said that the government will bear all the expenses of her treatment.He also appealed the people to remain calm. \"A criminal is a criminal....without any religion, tribe or community. The law won't spare him or her at any cost. The last thing we need at this moment is giving the incident a communal or political colour,\" Tuki said, adding that this is a challenge that has to be faced and overcome collectively.Meanwhile, Governor General (retd) J J Singh has termed the attack on the associate editor of Arunachal Times as an act of cowardice. He condemned the attack on the freedom of the media, saying that media is the strength of our democratic society. Conveying his concern to Tuki, he said that those involved in this shameful act should be arrested at the earliest and made to face the law of the land.The CM, who had rushed to the hospital on Sunday evening immediately after the incident to take first-hand information of Rina's condition and coordinate with the medical authorities, is continuously monitoring her recovery. An official of the CMO has been deputed in the hospital to oversee her treatment.Rina was rushed to the nearby R K Mission Hospital by her colleagues, where she was operated on by a team of the state's leading surgeons. The bullet has been removed and she is recuperating in the hospital at the moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15012472", "title": "FM radio to become tool for education", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: While FM radio is gaining popularity among the masses , State Institute of Education Technology (SIET) is set to cash in on the FM wave and use it as a learning tool for students in remote areas. The SIET is set to launch Vidyavani, a project that would broadcast education modules for school students through FM radio, from August. This facility will help students in interior areas in Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam and Pathanamthitta districts.\"The SIET will provide the content in the form of audio modules, which will be broadcast by community radio services at the respective locations. This will be helpful for those students who are unable to access visual and technological learning tools,\" SIET director Babu Sebastian said.In the beginning, science and mathematics subjects of Classes VIII, IX, X, XI and XII will be offered in the form of audio modules. In Thiruvananthapuram, the broadcast will be done through DC community radio at KINFRA park at Kazhakkoottam. In Kollam and Pathanamthitta, the Vidyavani programme will be broadcast through Radio Benziger and Radio Macfast respectively, which are the local community radios. In Kottayam, it will be aired in association with Radio Media Village in Changanassery. \"The broadcast will be done from 7-9am and from 7 -10pm,\" Babu said. He said that the service will be spread over to all districts in the state by launching new community radio stations using MLA funds and collaborating with the existing community radio stations.The Vidyavani programme has been designed as a radio skit and the learning part will be part of discussions between the characters in the skit. In addition to science and mathematics, English tutorials will also be provided through the facility.\"By this academic year end, all subjects of high school and senior secondary classes will be broadcast through Vidyavani programme,\" Babu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15009935", "title": "Six Arunachal girls detained, released", "text": "JORHAT: Railway Police detained six Arunachal girls along with a man from the Leo-Guwahati Intercity Express at Furketting railway station in Golaghat district late on Sunday. Railway Police initially suspected it to be a case of human trafficking.However, the girls have been released after the police received proper documents from concerned authorities verifying that they were going to Bangalore for religious training.Officer in-charge of government railway police (Furketing) Krishna Haloi said, \"We detained six girls and a man from the intercity express after receiving a complaint from a group of train passengers last night. The persons hailed from Arunachal Pradesh and were on their way to Bangalore.'' He added, \"The detained persons were Christians and were going to Bangalore for religious training. However, the concerned religious authorities produced documents verifying the same and we released them on Monday.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15010909", "title": "Memorial for martyrs of Mangadh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When it comes to British Raj and injustice meted out to the masses then the Jallianwala Bagh massacre of April 13, 1919 immediately comes to mind. But very few know that Mangadh, a small town in Panchmahal district, on the border of Gujarat and Rajasthan had witnessed one of the biggest massacres of the struggle for Independence against the Britishers.On November 13, 1913, 1,506 Adivasi Bhils were killed when the Britishers attacked a religious meet in the hill of Mangadh. This massacre was far worse than the oft-mentioned Jallianwala Bagh massacre where 379 persons were killed.Gujarat government is now creating a martyr's memorial at Mangadh in Santrampur Taluka in Panchmahal. Additional principal chief conservator of forest, social forestry, H S Singh said the state government has decided to have a forest in the memory of the martyrs who laid down their life fighting against the Britishers.Singh said the department will plant 1,506 saplings. This will also help the barren hill get a green cover. He said a cultural forest, titled Sanskrutik Van, among others will also be developed in the area. \"Till date, people flocked to this hill only when an annual two-day Kartik Mela is held in winter. But now we are creating a parikrama route along the hill and also renovating an old rest house. Some small forest huts will be developed so that people coming to the area can rest on their way to the hill,\" said Singh.Singh added that there is a dharmshala where the forest department plans to create a small interpretation centre so that people can get the details of the incident.Officials said in the area of Bhils in Southern Rajasthan, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh , this aboriginal community was ill-treated by the British rulers and were also exploited by the rulers from Dungarpur, Vaswada, Santrampur and Devgadhbaria. The Britishers took extreme measures to keep this tribe in abject poverty.At this juncture, Guru Govindgiri, a socially conscious and religious personality, launched a struggle against social evils prevailing among Bhils and Garasis. At that time, an organization named Samp Sabha was the symbol of unity of tribes in Gujarat. Govindgiri was a follower of Swami Vivekananda, said Singh.The number of devotees in the organization had reached five lakh. The goal of this organization was to get their tribe free from the system of forced labour. Rumors were spread that the about 70,000-odd Bhils had gathered on the hill and intended to attack Santrampur district. The British army surrounded the hill from three sides and the unarmed people were indiscriminately fired at, killing 1506.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-17"}
