{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14476405", "title": "Panel wants more powers for mayors", "text": "NEW DELHI: The three mayors in Delhi may soon have more work on hand than just cutting ribbons. Helping them move beyond their 'ceremonial role', the expert committee drafting the new Delhi Municipal Act, which would replace the existing 1957 municipal act, has proposed more powers and a longer term in office for mayors of the municipal corporations.The panel has suggested a 'mayor committee' in place of the existing 'standing committee' to increase their say in decision making. It has also recommended an extension of the current office term of 12 months to 20 months or a full-term of five years.\"In the present Act, the mayor performs more of a ceremonial role presiding over meetings of the corporation, but doesn't have too much of a role in decision making. Most such powers are exercised by the standing committee and its chairman. One suggestion is that standing committee be replaced by a mayor's committee to be chaired by the mayor so that he/she plays a major role in such decision making,\" said the proposal drafted by the expert committee, headed by K Dharamrajan.The suggestions by the committee have been sent to leaders of the three municipal corporations and will be taken up for discussion on July 2 in a meeting at Delhi secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14500825", "title": "Railways plans dedicated counters for tatkal tickets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with mounting complaints of misuse of tatkal scheme, railways are planning to have dedicated counters and separate time slots for selling tatkal tickets.Plans are afoot to install CCTV cameras at the ticket counters to keep a close watch on tatkal ticket seekers and making e-reservation more fool-proof.\"Besides, we have decided to bar booking clerks from carrying mobile to reservation counters,\" said Northern Railway general manager V K Gupta, while other officers said the \"character of the tatkal scheme will be changed\".Talking to reporters here, Gupta said separate counters and time slots for tatkal reservation would also be put in place very soon to prevent touts from misusing the scheme.His comments come a day after the Railway Board reviewed the tatkal scheme, which was introduced to help passengers travelling on emergency. However, there have been increased complaints that passengers have been unable to exploit the scheme properly, thanks to the role of touts.Despite a number of changes carried out in the scheme in the recent past including reducing the days for reserving tatkal tickets from five to only one day and barring web-based agents from booking tickets during the first hours, touts continued to exploit the scheme, selling tatkal tickets at a premium.At present, tatkal scheme is available in around 2677 trains which translates to around 1.71 lakh berths. In 2011-12, earning from the scheme stood at Rs 847 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14492007", "title": "Stay order for Thuppaki", "text": "Vijay's movie Thuppaki under AR Murugadoss's direction has been issued a stay order from releasing the film.The reason being pettitioner Ravi Devan director of an upcoming movie Kalla Thuppaki has stated that he has already registered the title way back in 2009 and has been renewing it since then. It is also said that, with Thuppaki the title similar to Kalla Thuppaki would raise confusions among the audience. Kalla Thuppaki is scheduled to release this year and the director wants Thuppaki the Vijay movie's title to be changed to avoid confusions over further proceedings. It is also said that Ravi Devan has filed a complaint at the director's union and the Producers council but with no justice served has stepped on to court. Now, the court has given a ban on Thuppaki 's release and have ordered Kalaipuli S Thanu the producer to come out for clarifications.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14500014", "title": "Google design chief \u2018wants to\u2019 work with BlackBerry-maker RIM", "text": "WASHINGTON: Google's design chief Matias Duarte has said that he would love to work with BlackBerry maker Research In Motion (RIM) to built an Android-based phone with keyboard.\"I am still a huge fan of hardware keyboards,\" Duarte, Google's Director of Android User Experience, told ABC News.\"Many of the products I have worked on in the past have had them. I think there is a place for them, its all about choice and different types of devices. I would love, personally, to have a portrait oriented device, like we made at Palm,\" he added.Duarte had earlier headed software design department at Palm and worked on the company's Palm Pre device, which had a physical keyboard and touchscreen.According to the report, Duarte said he would love to work with RIM 'if they wanted to work on Android devices.'\"I would really welcome that. They clearly make great physical keyboards,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14482031", "title": "Teakwood smugglers attack forest department officials", "text": "NASHIK: A patrol party of the forest department was attacked by a mob led by timber mafia men engaged in transporting teak in the Amba range of Peth tehsil in Nashik district on the Gujarat border. A complaint has been registered at the Peth police station against those engaged in teak smuggling.Range forest officer Dilip Ghorpade (forest development corporation, Nashik) and his staff were patrolling the forest area of Zari Navapada, which is near the state's border with Gujarat, when they got a tip-off in the early hours of Wednesday that wood smugglers from Gujarat had entered the Nashik range.When the forest employees tried to stop them by blocking the road with the help of villagers, the mob attacked them. The forest department has filed an FIR in this regard at the Peth Police station and an inquiry is being conducted.\"We started patrolling at 9pm. Around 12.30am, we were informed by some villagers that people from Gujarat were moving around in Nashik range in four-wheelers with the intention of smuggling teak. We located them at 2am and blocked the road by 2.45am,\" Ghorpade said.\"We were moving in two four-wheelers with 15 staff members and villagers. Realizing our move, the intruders tried to flee but we blocked their way. They were in eight pick-up vehicles without registration numbers. Some vehicles were stacked with wood. They were 40-45 in number and were equipped with ammunition. They began pelting stones at our vehicles, leaving 7-8 forest staff members injured. They also tried running over our people. When we fired a round for security purposes, they became more aggressive. They eventually escaped after we fired a second round,\" said Ghorpade.A complaint was lodged at the Peth police station against the offenders. According to forest officials, four cubic meter wood worth Rs 80,000 was smuggled from the Nashik range. Forest officials said that though locals helped them by providing such tip-offs, many locals also help the offenders. They also lament of lack of staff.\"This is a sensitive area. We have five employees in the Amba range and 8-10 in Zari Navapada and three security guards in this dense and interior forest area. This is a border area and more security personnel are also needed at the check post given that the offenders move in large numbers with weapons,\" said Ghorpade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14485083", "title": "Arrest of cricket coach might open pandora\u2019s box", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The arrest of a government cricket coach, R P Chopra, for accepting a bribe for facilitating a cricket player, could open a can of worms of corruption in Panchkula district sports department.Sources in vigilance bureau (VB) said, \"Apart from cricket, other sports like badminton and boxing, among others, too are on the VB radar. Three more coaches of cricket and badminton, along with district sports officer (DSO) Ashwani Kumar, had been told to appear before the vigilance sleuths on July 2.\"The summoned coaches and the district sports officer have gone on leave after the arrest of Chopra on June 22.Chopra was held for accepting a bribe of Rs 10,000 from a cricket aspirant, Krishan Kumar, in Tau Devi Lal Stadium, Sector 3, Panchkula. He is in 14-day judicial custody.A senior vigilance officer said, \"It was found during preliminary investigation that Chopra used to charge a big amount from cricket players for a chance to participate in state and national-level competitions.\" \"He allowed only those who paid a handsome sum to him to practise batting in the nets. Others who paid the required monthly fees of Rs 200 for cricket coaching were not allowed to practice there,\" he added.DSP (vigilance) Nihal Singh said, \"Many other things are being investigated. The sale and purchase record of sports equipment, including cricket kits, rackets and shuttles, among others, will also be scrutinized.\"The arrest of a government cricket coach, R P Chopra, for accepting a bribe for facilitating a cricket player, could open a can of worms of wide spread corruption in Panchkula district sports department.Chopra had also taken Rs 2.50 lakh from Vikram, 19, of Naraingarh in Ambala district and selected him for a Cricket Premier League (CPL) team in March 2010. Vikram was in the runners-up team, which had won a prize of Rs 50 lakh, but the accused did not pay anything of the cash prize to him. The victim has filed an affidavit in Panchkula district courts against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14495168", "title": "Tamil Nadu CM announces various infrastructure projects", "text": "CHENNAI: As part of her government's efforts to decongest suburban Chennai, Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa on Friday announced various infrastructure projects totalling over Rs 230 crore.A road expansion of upto one km at the busy GST Road connecting southern suburbs to the city, near the airport at a cost of Rs 1.75 crore, was also sanctioned by her.Further, Jayalalithaa allocated Rs 231.68 crore towards road over bridges and subway at other suburban areas of Tambaram, Velachery and Kolathur, an official release here said.The release said these efforts would help decongest these parts, which have of late become favoured destinations of real estate activity in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14476040", "title": "Abu Jundal escaped arrest in Pakistan at ISI's behest", "text": "NEW DELHI: After 26/11, when pressure mounted on Pakistan to arrest Lashkar-e-Taiba's operations chief Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi from a camp near Muzaffarabad in PoK, Lashkar's Indian hand Abu Jundal was let off on the intervention of ISI officials despite being present at the spot.Jundal, who was sent to India after being detained in Saudi Arabia, has already disclosed the role of Pakistan's ISI and serving officers of the Pakistan army in 26/11, and has also spoken of how the agencies worked to protect their Indian asset.ISI and Pakistani army personnel were well aware of the control room in Quaidabad locality between Malir Cantonment and Jinnah International Airport in Karachi from where the Mumbai attacks were directed. Jundal is reported to have provided information on Sajid Mir, the handler of Pakistani-American jihadi David Coleman Headley . Mir has been charged by US prosecutors for the Mumbai outrage along with three others including a \"Major Iqbal\".After being bailed out by the ISI, Jundal was asked to stay off the radar and he left for Saudi Arabia in early 2010. He was provided two IDs, one for internal use in Pakistan and one for outside the country.His passport, in the name of Riyasat Ali, was arranged by a senior Lashkar commander and 26/11 plotter Muzammil, and then he fled to Riyadh .When cops asked him about the control room, he described it as a small room with four TV sets, computers with internet connection and several mobile handsets. Sources said Jundal claimed that this control room was destroyed by ISI officials after the 26/11 attack concluded.He also claimed that all Lashkar members had done some communication practice for VoIP internet calls and understand the network areas of the targets. The Lashkar bosses also checked the SIM cards and handsets before the 10 terrorists left for Mumbai and a last-minute drill was also conducted.Also, Jundal has disclosed that when news first broke that Ismail had been arrested by Mumbai Police during the attack, Lakhvi and other handlers were very upset as he was the main militant among the 10 but when they came to know that it was Ajmal Kasab , they heaved a sigh of relief but with a little disappointment.Special Cell sleuths are scanning Jundal's email IDs and conversations and sources said they have recovered a huge cache of information including \"numbers, addresses of various module members and hideouts\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14490937", "title": "Maine Pyar Kyun.. was my most special film with Salman: Katrina", "text": "I am told that the first success is a lot like first love. You can't forget it. But for me, my first hit - Maine Pyar Kyun Kiya, is like a blur. All I remember is that we had loads of fun while shooting. The scenes were so funny that we'd be laughing our heads off between shots and try to keep a straight face while shooting.Thankfully for us, the audience also found the film as funny. And it went on to become a big hit. My first success didn't sink in. Actually, I've never stopped to consider a hit or a flop. To me, moving forward and trying to do the work I believe in, is the key to my existence. I'd rather keep moving ahead than count my success ratio.But I can never forget the amount of fun I had while shooting for the film with Salman Khan and his brother Sohail. I was relatively new to the industry. They made me feel comfortable. Meri Hindi itni achchi nahi thi . But they never made me feel like a newcomer.Sohail was playing my friend and neighbour. Some of my funniest scenes involved him and Salman playing cat-and-mouse around my apartment. It was hilarious.Frankly, I wasn't surprised that the film worked. David Dhawan is the master of comedies. He wanted to try out a new language of expression. I was happy to be a part of that change. I think he even got new technicians on board. The film looked different from his earlier movies.Farah Khan became a close friend while shooting for the Just Chill dance number. I think I was shooting for Raj Kanwarji's Humko Deewana Kar Gayi when the news of Maine Pyar Kyun Kiya 's big opening came. Though I just continued with my work, somewhere inside me, it meant a lot. I wanted to be told that what I was doing was okay.Acceptance was important for me. I was still the outsider with no knowledge of Bollywood. Maine Pyar Kyun Kiya was important to me.Though later Salman and I came together for other projects, Maine Pyar Kyun Kiya was special. Perhaps because it was our first time together. Everyone associated with the project was very happy for me. Though Sushmita Sen and I did not have too many scenes together, she was very sweet and supportive.It's very important to make a newcomer feel at home. Maine Pyar Kyun Kiya did that for me.As told to Subhash K Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14477030", "title": "Nagpur experts hail UN's linking of health and environment", "text": "NAGPUR: The United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio +20) has recognized an important link between health and development. Dr Margaret Chan , Director-General of the World Health Organization declared that health is a \"precondition for, an outcome of, and an indicator of sustainable development\". This is also demonstrated by the fact that one of the biggest challenges of this century has been to counter increase in incidence of non-communicable diseases as the world moves towards development.Experts suggest embracing green technologies in terms of transport, housing, energy requirement as a solution towards the creation of societies that are not just economically productive but also healthy. Experts from the city believe that the recognition of the interrelation of health and environment is an important milestone and a step in the right direction. Some, however, expressed concern about the implementation of these ideas.\"Doctors have always been promoting better surroundings for better health, so this step by the UN is an appreciable one. The fact that factors like noise, which is responsible for problems ranging from hearing loss to convulsions and even cardiac problems, have also been addressed shows the seriousness of the UN in this regard,\" said Dr Uday Bodhankar, general secretary of the Commonwealth Association for Health and Disability.He also said that faulty habits were responsible for spread of many diseases. \"For example, using a chullah, which is not an environmentally friendly device to cook, is the most common reason for children acquiring pneumonia,\" he explained.It is not just the doctors, other sections of the society also acknowledge the importance of this small step. \"Industrial and vehicular pollution are biggest contributors to air pollution, which leads to various respiratory diseases. So, a mandate towards having green fuels for transport vehicles and improvement in the air and water quality of the countries makes a lot of difference,\" said Prakash Kumbhare, principal scientist and head of the research and development planning division at National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri).Former president of city branch of Indian Medical Association (IMA) and ENT surgeon Dr Prashant Nikhade believes that health has always remained a neglected area, especially in India. \"We don't realize that a healthy population is essential for a better economic output. The saddest part is we all know the solutions towards the ecological imbalance and its impact on human health, yet we hardly make efforts in the direction of those solutions,\" he said.Environmentalist Kaustav Chatterjee thought it was good that environmental groups have started broadening their horizons, including issues like poverty alleviation and health improvement as pointers towards environmental sustainability. \"After the Kyoto protocol of 2005, most environmental summits have failed to prompt any action. There are several commitments made in all of them but their fulfilment has been a big question mark. There have been several good suggestions in the Rio +20 conference, like considering outlook towards the energy requirements and economic situation of developing countries. It would all make sense only when acted upon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14483545", "title": "500% costlier dam deal junked", "text": "MUMBAI: Two months after TOI exposed the huge cost escalation in the Kondhane dam project near Karjat, the state government has terminated the contract awarded to F A Enterprises and proposed action against officers of Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation (KIDC) which approved the project.In its April 26 edition, this newspaper had front-paged the story of how KIDC awarded the work to F A Enterprises for Rs 56.17 crore, but within a month increased the price to Rs 328 crore, an astounding 500% jump.Now, a confidential letter written by state water resources department secretary E B Patil to the governor said, \"Instructions are issued to executive director, KIDC, to terminate the contract for the original work of the dam as it was taken up without fulfilling the conditions mentioned in the administrative approval. It is proposed to take action against concerned officers after inquiry in the matter.''The Kondhane dam is planned on the river Ulhas and is situated below Khandala. When built, it will submerge around 1,000 acres, more than half of which is forest land.Contract terminatedActivists had alleged huge graft in dam dealsDocuments showed that the Kondhane dam's height, restricted to 39 metres when bids were invited, was almost doubled to 71 metre soon after F A Enterprises won the contract.KIDC justified the increase, saying that an elected representative wanted more water to be stored in the dam. The minor irrigation project was suddenly converted into a medium irrigation project, escalating its cost six times between July and August 2011. \"Work on the dam is stopped since April 11.Currently, the expenditure on the project is nil,'' said secretary , state water resources department, E E Patil's letter to Raj Bhavan.\"Work order for the additional work portion considering additional storage was given to the same agency by field officers under KIDC. As reported by KIDC, work order for additional work is cancelled. Revised administrative approval is not yet given by the government,\" it added. In April, four activists of India Against Corruption moved the HC and urged it to halt work on the project The petition said that F A Enterprise and F C Construction from Khar, although purported to be different entities, were one, and have been awarded \"a disproportionately large number of irrigation projects in Thane and Raigad districts\" . Soon after the TOI expose, governor K Sankaranarayanan wrote to CM Prithviraj Chavan: \"I request you to direct the chief secretary to personally conduct an inquiry and submit an action taken report within 15 days.\"The governor further said, \"It appears work started without obtaining clearances . The Maharashtra Water Resources Regulatory Authority has communicated that the Kondhane project was not referred to it for clearance by KIDC.''Patil's letter to the governor said the project cost would have risen to Rs 435 crore due to the proposed increase in storage capacity and other costs. \"Out of this, cost of work portion related to the dam is about Rs 328 crore,'' it said. The state is expected to review the construction of the dam itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475329", "title": "7 illegal buildings near Pavana river razed", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) demolished seven buildings, including two multistoreyed constructions, near the Pavana river bed in Keshavnagar in a massive anti-encroachment drive on Thursday. The demolition drive began in the morning under heavy police bandobast and continued till evening.The total area of the demolished constructions was 1,176 sq.m. said Makrand Nikam, PCMC's executive engineer. \"The civic body had sent notices to the owners of these constructions in March-April, directing them to remove them. But they didn't pay heed. Some constructions were in progress when the drive was conducted,\" Nikam added.Eighty-five police personnel, including five inspectors and eight sub-inspectors, provided police bandobast to the drive. One State Reserve Police Force platoon was also deployed at the site. Two earthmovers, a forklift and a dumper were used in the drive.The police restricted the movement of vehicles on the Chinchwadgaon-Keshavnagar-Kalewadi road during the demolition drive. The people did not oppose to the drive as they were informed about it on Wednesday itself.Shiv Sena corporators Shrirang Barne and Seema Savale have been demanding action against the unauthorized constructions in the Pavana river bed. They have been alleging that the encroachments in the riverbed will cause flooding in other areas.During an inspection of the nullah cleaning works earlier this month, municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi had also inspected the riverbed. \"We will continue the drive to remove encroachments in the river bed and nullahs. We have evidence and information about the encroachments,\" Pardeshi said.About dumping of debris along the river, Pardeshi said, \"People say that they are dumping debris in their own plots and not in the riverbed. The onus of proving that they are not dumping debris in the river bed will be on the people. They will have to show the boundaries of their plots clearly so that we can ascertain that that there is no dumping in the river bed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "14480869", "title": "Dalit killings: 2 held", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: Sixteen days after five dalits were killed in Lakshmipet in Srikakulam's Vangara mandal, the CID cops on Thursday arrested the two prime accused in the infamous case amidst public outcry over the government's slow reaction in nabbing the accused. In all, 76 persons have been named as accused in the case and 64 of them have been arrested till now.The main accused and former ZPTC member Botsa Vasudeva Naidu was arrested in Hyderabad where he was taking shelter at his relatives' house. Another prime member behind the attack on dalits, Avula Srinivasa Rao, a Congress worker was nabbed by Srikakulam cops in Visakhapatnam district. Five dalits were killed and 18 others were injured in a clash between two rival groups who hurled country-made bombs and attacked each other with sharp weapons in Lakshmipet on June 12 over a land dispute.The dispute was going on between Kapus and SCs in the village for the past one and a half year. SC community persons P Sundara Rao, S Venkateswara Rao died on the spot while C Appadu and N Sangayya succumbed to death on their way to the hospital in Rajam on the same day. One more person died after a week while undergoing treatment at King George Hospital in Visakhapatnam.Dalit organisations alleged that the masterminds behind the attack on dalits were Vasudeva Naidu, who is said to be a relative of PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana and Srinivasa Rao, one of the henchmen of minister Kondru Murali. Following strong reactions from various political parties, cops made the duo as the main accused in the case and booked them under SC, ST Atrocities Act. A CID enquiry was ordered three days later. Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy offered his condolences to the families of the deceased and announced ex-gratia to the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14478075", "title": "NCP youth wing leader murdered", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Tension gripped Ghugus town on Thursday morning after a gang of armed assailants killed district vice-president of Nationalist Youth Congress Tirupati Pol (27) in broad daylight on busy street. Heavy police bandobast along with riot control squads have been deployed in the industrial town to defuse the tension. Rivalry in coal trading businesses that had in recent days led to multiple incidents of scuffle among rival gangs is suspected to be the reason behind the murder.Sources informed that armed assailants pursued victim Pol in a red Maruti van at around 10.30am. They dashed Pol's bike from behind knocking him on the ground near Gitanjali bar on busy Wani road passing through heart of town. Then a group of persons armed with swords disembarked the van and attacked Pol. They stabbed him with swords and fled from the spot leaving him in a pool of blood. Several onlookers including brother of victim Pol reportedly watched the gruesome murder, but assailants disappeared before anybody could intervene.Tension gripped the town as kin and friends of Pol gathered on the spot as the news of attack spread like wildfire. Cops also rushed to the scene. Injured Pol was rushed to local hospital from where he was referred to Chandrapur. However he succumbed to injuries while being treated at civil hospital in Chandrapur.Additional forces from adjoining police station and riot control squads from Chandrapur headquarter were rushed to Ghugus following the incident. Superintendent of police Rajiv Jain himself visited Ghugus and took stock of progress in investigation. Cops have been deployed at key squares and locations in town to ensure no untoward incident takes place.Sources claimed that murder is the outcome of rivalry in coal transportation. Mungoli opencast mine near Ghugus has nowadays become hot spot for coal traders and transporters. After Mahagenco stopped taking coal from this mine large stock of coal is issued from the mine for road sale. The transporters wrestle over getting maximum share of the road sale coal stock. This competition in coal trade has led to armed brawls between rival gangs in Ghugus. Victim Pol was president of local Hyva truck transporters association and had reportedly had rivalry with few others in coal business.NCP district president Rajendra Vaidya claimed that victim's brother Ramesh Pol and others have blamed Sheikh Haji, a rival coal transporter and politician, for the attack in statement given to police. \"Victim Tirupati Pol was popular youth leader. He had filed three complaints with local police claiming that Sheikh Haji had threatened kill him. I had met former SP Suvez Haque with a delegation to apprise him of the threat to Pol's life. Still police took no preventive action into the complaint and in the end Pol was killed,\" he alleged.Vaidya claimed that their party would not add to the tension by staging any immediate protest against the murder. Decision about any protest agitation would be taken after the situation becomes normal in the industrial town, he said.Vaidya claimed that SP Rajiv Jain has assured him of arresting the attackers in quick time. Ghugus police claimed that they have identified Sheikh Wajid, brother of Sheikh Haji, and his accomplice as the attackers. Search operations are underway to round up the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14491741", "title": "State urban development minister expresses displeasure over Mahakumbh arrangements in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: State urban development minister Azam Khan on Wednesday held a review meeting with senior officials here on Mahakumbh preparations. He took stock of the present status of road, electricity and insisted that the Mahakumbh would be made historical so that people would remember about it.However, he expressed displeasure over the construction of the roads by Public Works Department (PWD). He was miffed at the accumulation of mud across both the sides of the roads and ordered to remove it within a week.He also questioned that why drains and drainage system are not being made across the road where the work of widening of the road is taking place. He emphasised for undertaking construction of drains and proper drainage system across the road so that water does not accumulate on the roads during the rainy season. For maintaining cleanliness during the Mahakumbh, he said about 1200 sanitary workers would be recruited. As the area is large, more workforce would be employed. In addition to this, health department would also recruit about 6000 sanitary gangs. Each gang would comprise of about 12 sanitary workers.He also asked the reason for the delay in construction work of Alopibagh flyover. The officer concerned said that about 87 per cent work is complete. He also assured that the remaining work would be completed till the end of July. The Minster instructed that firstly the underside road should be opened for the public and the remaining work should be done later.He also asked over the pace of construction of the pucca ghats across Yamuna river. It was informed in the meeting that work of construction of four ghats out of five ghats is going on. However, NOC (No Objection Certificate) is being awaited from the defence department regarding construction of Kila Ghat.He instructed the power department officials that CFL and LED lights should be used in the mela area so that proper illumination could be provided to the devotees assembled on the banks of Ganga and Yamuna. He also saw the map of the mela area where the power department would install the electricity equipments.The Allahabad Municipal Corporation officers have been instructed that arrangements should be made that the street lights should not be lighted during the day time. Further, ity should be seen that street light department workers should turn off the lights in the morning itself. This would help in conserving electricity.The minister reiterated his commitment that this Mahakumbh would be made historical so that people could treasure it in their hearts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14494199", "title": "EVMs, ballots boxes kept under tight security", "text": "KANPUR: Security has been beefed up in and around the Government Polytechnic in Kalyanpur, Captain Sukhwasi Singh Janata Inter College in Ghatampur and Baba Raghunandan Das College in Billhaur.These places have turned into a 'no-entry zone' on Wednesday night, where the EVMs and ballot boxes have been kept for counting to take place on July 7. The EVMs and ballot boxes have been put inside locked strong rooms under the stringent security of special sleuths. The counting for Kanpur Nagar Nigam and Bithoor Nagar Panchayat will take place at Government Polytechnic. Counting for Nagar Palika Parishad, Ghatampur will take place at Captain Sukhwasi Singh Janata Inter College in Ghatampur and for Billhaur Nagar Palika Parishad and Nagar Panchayat Shivrajpur, counting arrangements have been made at Baba Raghunandan Das Inter College. Except sporadic scuffles and fights, voting remained largely peaceful across 1,978 polling booths in the district.An estimated 41.08 per cent of voters exercised their right to franchise in polling for KNN. The two Nagar Panchayats of Bithoor and Shivrajpur witnessed 67.58 and 65.46 per cent while two Nagar Palika Parishads of Ghatampur and Billhaur recorded 55.74 and 66.50 per cent of voting. The security in the counting centre will be a four-tier one, with a high-priority zone, an inner ring and an outer ring and for added protection, a peripheral security cover. DIG Amitabh Yash said a major chunk of police personnel and officers would be on duty. A control room had been set up to monitor surveillance in and around these places. In addition to the arrangements, armed police pickets have been deployed in and around sensitive pockets across the city. All officers from the special wing will be on alert, patrolling would be increased to prevent anti-social elements from vitiating the atmosphere", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14484837", "title": "Dr Kotnis\u2019s wife passes away in China at 96", "text": "BEIJING: Guo Qinglan, wife of legendary Indian physician Dr Dwarkanath Shantaram Kotnis who provided medical assistance in China in late 1930s, passed away on Thursday in Chinese city of Dalian.She was 96. Guo, herself a nurse, hailing from China's Shanxi province married Dr Kotnis in 1941, a year before his death in China. She has been an honoured guest at many high-level diplomatic functions between China and India. She was a regular invitee at the Indian embassy functions in China.The news of her death was conveyed to the Indian embassy by the Chinese foreign ministry on Thursday, senior Indian diplomat Arun Sahu said.While conveying the message , the Chinese foreign ministry also recalled the contribution and service rendered by Dr Kotnis who worked in China for about five years from 1937 until his death.Revered as a legendary doctor in China he came along with a five-member Indian Medical Aid Mission during the Japanese invasion of 1937.His services during the difficult days of Chinese revolution were deeply praised by Chinese leader Mao Zedong.Dr Kotnis, who hailed from Sholapur in Maharashtra, died of epilepsy in China at the age of 32 years in 1942. India and China have instituted a joint medical mission in his honour. Recently Indian doctors visited China to study rural medicare here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14483061", "title": "Heavy downpour showers pain on Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Uncertainty over a weak and delayed monsoon ended after the skies finally opened up on late on Wednesday and early Thursday, especially in the suburbs.Between Wednesday evening and early Thursday morning, Santa Cruz recorded 75.4mm rainfall while Colaba registered 19mm. Rainfall in Santa Cruz during the period was the highest, beating the earlier high of approximately 52mm rainfall on June 19.From Thursday morning till early evening, Colaba recorded 28mm while Santa Cruz reported 18.2mm. The weather department has said the heavy downpour is a result of an active offshore trough.\"An offshore trough was active because of which the entire Konkan area, including Mumbai, received a good rainfall,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director general of Indian Meteorological Department (IMD).The weather department has predicted occasional rains or thunder showers in parts of the city and the suburbs and heavy showers in some areas over the next two days. \"There were a few spells of rains in Madhya Maharashtra as well. For the next two days, there is likely to be rainfall but not as heavy as that of Thursday,\" said Apte.By June 27 last year, Colaba had recorded a total rainfall of 447.4mm while Santa Cruz got 641.7mm. This year, though, the cumulative rainfall have been much lower compared to the previous year, with Colaba recording 148.6mm and Santa Cruz 271.2mm till June 27.After June 24, when Colaba had received about 45mm of rainfall in a day, the city witnessed sort of a lull when neither the island city nor the suburbs received more than 20mm of rainfall. But the weather department has said that there is enough time for the monsoon to cover up the deficit.\"Though we cannot give a forecast, in the month of July and August, the city should be able to substantially cover the deficit of rainfall,\" said Apte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14495171", "title": "Flood situation remains grim in Arunachal Pradesh", "text": "ITANAGAR: The flood situation in Arunachal Pradesh remained grim on Friday, though the water level of most of the major rivers are showing a receding trend as over a hundred villages across the state lay submerged by the flood waters.An Indian Air Force chopper rescued 185 marooned villagers from Bijoypur I and III villages in Changlang district on Thursday, official sources said.The worst-affected districts are Changlang, Lohit, Dibang Valley and East Siang.The sources said that Changlang district deputy commissioner Opak Gao was monitoring the relief and rescue operation in Bordumsa and Bijoypur areas.Assistant deputy commissioner K Riba said that the Noa Dehing river had started to recede gradually.\"A medical team has been positioned round the clock in the relief camp to look after the sick with sufficient medicines\", he said.The Dharmapur area of Kharsang circle remained cut off from the rest of the world with reports of extensive damages to flood control structures, he said.A report from Tuting in Upper Siang district said that incessant rain in the past several days had triggered flash floods and landslides at many places as surface communication between Migging and Gelling village stayed completely cut off.The torrential rains have caused extensive damage to Sipo and Sikut hydel projects and affected water supply in the district.Surface communication with Itanagar city was also disrupted following breach of a portion of the NH 52-A at Karsingsa following erosion by the turbulent Dikrong river.Traffic to and fro Itanagar has been diverted to the Nirjuli-Doimukh-Gumto-Harmuti route and it would take several days to restore the road, PWD (Highway) chief engineer Bora Ete informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14481795", "title": "UP seeks temporary IAS posts for PCS officers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has stepped in to end the decade-old status quo on promotion of PCS officers to IAS cadre. In a letter sent to the Union government seeking approval for the creation of 11 temporary posts for promoted PCS officers, Akhilesh has stated this will address the acute shortage of administrative staff in the state, especially at district level postings. With the stamp of permanence missing, the move is expected to appease the warring PCS lobby, which in the past has opposed the decision. The posts, CM said, will be dissolved automatically once the promoted officer retires from service.Once a clearance for the decision comes from the department of personnel and training (DoPT), the cadre controlling authority for IAS officers, the state government can begin inducting officers of the provincial civil services (PCS) to IAS level postings.Speaking to TOI, Akhilesh said: \"Due to the shortage of officers, many bureaucrats have been put in charge of multiple assignments. Once the Centre approves the promotion of senior officers from the PCS to be elevated as district magistrates, the situation is expected to get better.''At present, Uttar Pradesh has nearly 150 vacancies at IAS levels, to which officers from the PCS and other state services can be appointed. Akhilesh added: \"This matter has been pending for over 10 years now, with officers going to court against each other. We have found a solution where we can execute our work without creating any dispute. As a result, I have recommended temporary posts that will cease to exist once a promoted officer retires from service.'' In 2002, in fact, the Samajwadi Party had included the PCS officers' demand in its poll manifesto.The strength of the IAS cadre in UP is 537 officers, of which 374 are recruited directly, while the remaining 163 are inducted from the state civil services from the executive branch.However, only a handful of officers from the PCS and state services cadre could be promoted in the past six years because of a delay in the cadre review and a writ filed by a group of PCS officers at the Central Administrative Tribunal. Now, with the Supreme Court striking down quotas in promotions, promotions to the IAS cadre can begin once again.A senior PCS officer, on condition of anonymity, said: ``To a large extent, the delay in promotions was because of administrative mismanagement. With nearly 150 vacancies in the IAS cadre, the state government should have proposed nearly 30 names for promotions, annually. This was not done. In the past two years, the situation worsened because of this quota in promotions issue.''Even without the quota issue playing a role in promotions, UP, at present has over 100 senior PCS officers who are eligible for promotion to IAS cadre. According to the PCS cadre rulebook , an officer can be promoted to the IAS cadre after having put in a minimum eight years of service, for having made extraordinary contribution to the state government. However, several officers in the PCS cadre have still not been promoted even after having put in over 30 years of service.This time, with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav stepping in to resolve the matter, there could be light at the end of the tunnel for at least a few senior officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14484359", "title": "Internal survey planned to check maternal, infant mortality rate", "text": "JAIPUR: The state medical health and family welfare department has written to the Centre requesting it to conduct survey on maternal mortality ratio (MMR) and infant mortality rate (IMR) on a yearly basis so that the data would help in analyzing the current status of the health indicators.A medical and family welfare department official said as per the latest sample registration system (SRS) figures (SRS 07-09), the MMR in the state is 318.The last national and family health survey ( NFHS) was conducted in 2005-06 while the district level household survey (DLHS-3) was last conducted in 2007-08. Since then, no fresh DLHS survey figures have been released so far.Meanwhile, the state government has decided to conduct its own survey in the state with the help of auxiliary nurse midwives (ANM). The network of ANMs is covering every part of the state. The internal survey would find out the actual figures of MMR and IMR in the state, the official said.The survey would also help in analyzing the causes of MMR and IMR, he added.The official further said the internal survey would be community based and on facilities received by the beneficiaries. Under the survey, if a woman is found dead between pregnancy and delivering a baby, the incident would be considered as MMR. But if she dies at home, then community-based survey would count it and if she dies in the hospital and health centres, then facility-based survey would include it in its count, the official said.\"The survey is being conducted by ANMs to find out the actual position and reasons of MMR and IMR,\" National Rural Health Mission (state mission director) Gayatri Rathore said.The medical health and family welfare department has been working in the direction to achieve the target set by the Centre to reduce the MMR and IMR in the state. By 2012-13, the department has to reduce MMR to 248. Also, the target for IMR is to reduce it from 55 (SRS 2010) to 37 per 1,000 live birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14481329", "title": "Illegal business thrives as Patna lacks parking slots", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has only four parking slots in the state capital. But when one parks his vehicle on the roadside, someone appears and charges a certain amount for parking vehicles there. Nobody has any idea where this illegally charged money goes and with whose permission it is being collected.Many of the city roads are occupied by parked vehicles. The roadside parking areas across the city are maintained by the road construction department (RCD). There are roadside parking slots on Fraser Road and Exhibition Road. However, the PMC has identified four areas for parking purpose - near Dak Bungalow Maruti showroom, Patna Market, Civil Court and B N College. \"But these four parking areas are unable to even accommodate 10% of the vehicles moving in the city,\" said a PMC official on the condition of anonymity.He said there are 27 areas marked for parking, including general and market parking spaces. But the number of four-wheelers and two-wheelers in the city is growing at a very high rate. So, there is hardly any parking space for the increasing number of vehicles in the city. According to PMC sources, the parking fee for two-wheelers is Rs 2 while it is Rs 5 for the four-wheelers. There is no time limit for the parking charges.There are very few official parking areas on Fraser Road, Boring Road, Gandhi Maidan and Rajendranagar but some people collect parking fee from vehicle owners. \"These people charge anything between Rs 10 to Rs 20 from the drivers on per hour basis. Sometimes they don't give any bill against the payments but no one dare ask them anything,\" said Rajiv Kumar, a bank employee.An official said the PMC collects the parking fee from the legal parking spaces only. It has no idea about the other parking places.According to Patna district transport office, 10,000 private cars were registered in the first three months of 2012. The purchasing power of people is increasing but there is little parking space in the city, he added.However, the Patna traffic police have already given the PMC a list of places where parking lots are required. \"There is a long pending demand of multi-storeyed parking place but PMC is yet to finalize all the details,\" said a PMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14476686", "title": "Undertrial gets 15 days' interim bail to tie the knot", "text": "PANAJI: An undertrial facing charges of murder has got a high court reprieve to tie the knot. Granted 15 days of conditional interim bail, the accused on his release will, under police escort, prepare for his marriage, get married and then return to custody.The high court of Bombay at Goa granted the interim bail and directed the authorities to provide the undertrial with the two escorts during the period of his release.The accused, charged by Maina Curtorim police station, had sought his release on bail as his marriage is scheduled on June 29 and produced a copy of his wedding invitation card as proof.While directing the accused to execute a bail bond of Rs 1 lakh and a surety of like amount, justice FM Reis observed, \"Taking into consideration that the applicant is stated to be getting married and that his preparations for such an event have been prepared which is seen from the material produced on record which is otherwise not disputed, I find that considering the facts and circumstances and in the peculiar facts of this case the applicant can be granted interim bail for a specific period.\"The court also held that merely because a person in custody is likely to get married is not a changed circumstance to grant bail as a matter of right. The court, however, granted the accused interim bail considering the role he allegedly committed in the alleged crime and that the material witnesses had been already examined in the case before the trial court.Public prosecutor SR Rivonkar argued that the accused was involved in a serious offence and he was not entitled to be released on bail at this stage. He pointed out that at the most the accused can be released on interim bail on certain conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14481711", "title": "Sadananda Gowda lives to fight another day", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has managed to get a reprieve for a couple of weeks thanks to the presidential election on July 19. But not before his planned visit to Delhi was scuttled at virtually the last minute.The BJP leadership which met on Thursday in Delhi reportedly decided not to make any leadership change in Karnataka until the new President is elected. The panel headed by party president Nitin Gadkari decided to take up the matter in the third week of July.Fed up with the indecisiveness of central leaders, camps owing allegiance to former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa as well as Gowda urged the party to send a one-line resolution whether the party wants to change the leader or not instead of sending its representative to elicit opinion from legislators.While the BSY camp is demanding Gowda be replaced with rural development and panchayati raj minister Jagadish Shettar, ministers loyal to Gowda have suggested he dissolve the legislative assembly.With no clear message emanating from the BJP leadership, political developments landed Gowda in a state of utter confusion and forced him to reverse many decisions. As BJP leader Dharmendra Pradhan was scheduled to visit the city to seek legislators' opinions, Gowda met his supporters over breakfast at his residence and decided to fly to New Delhi in the afternoon along with 11 ministers to seek an explanation on why he is being replaced.A special flight was put on standby at HAL airport ready to take off at 2.15pm. The media interaction in the evening was cancelled and his address, scheduled for 4pm was preponed to 12.15pm.At the press conference at Vidhana Soudha, Gowda maintained that as a chief minister he had every right to go to Delhi and couldn't be questioned by anybody. He made a U-turn after a telephone call from state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa. The CM bluntly said, \"Delhi? Who said I am going?\"BSY's camp also planned to land in Delhi. Apprehensive that this could indicate a vertical split in the party, the BJP leadership warned the state unit that no one should step out of Bangalore or face severe action.As this message reached Gowda during the fag end of his press conference, he abruptly wound up his comments and rushed to his official residence, along with Eshwarappa and held talks. After meeting loyalists, Gowda said he'd continue as CM. Shettar said he would abide by the decision of the leaders. \"Whatever is the decision, it should be fast and clear. We'll accept it and abide by it,\" Shettar said.As the day progressed8.30am: Sadananda Gowda hosts breakfast meeting at his official residence. Decides to go to Delhi along with several ministers. Says he will advance his interaction the media and cancel dinner for them11am: CM attends legislative council to elect new chairman11.45am: State BJP chief KS Eshwarappa gets a call from leaders in Delhi and told he needn't come with the CM12.30pm: Gowda addresses media1.20pm: While speaking to reporters, CM gets a call from Eshwarappa. He cuts short his address and rushes to his official residence1.30pm: Seven ministers loyal to Gowda arrive at HAL airport to go to Delhi along with the CM. The special flight is scheduled for 2.15pm1.45pm: All seven ministers called back to CM's residence", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14490339", "title": "Vivek's role to roll forward in next Krrish", "text": "When super heroes are pitched against equally powerful adversaries, it makes for even more exciting viewing. At least that's what Rakesh Roshan seems to think. We've learnt his Krrish franchise has gotten bigger with Vivek Oberoi's super villain in Krrish 3 now becoming a regular in the entire Krrish series. And that's not all. Plans to make Hrithik's super hero sing and dance have been dropped simply because Vivek's super villain aka Kaal does none of that.Roshan confirmed the development saying, \"For the first time, there's another character as powerful as Hrithik's Krrish and that is Vivek Oberoi's Kaal . Krrish won't sing and dance. With Krrish and Kaal pitched against one another in a very serious combat, any attempt to change the equation would tilt the balance.\"Apparently, Kaal has turned out so effectively that he will be part of all future installments of the series. Rakesh Roshan, who has almost completed Krrish 3 , said, \"This time, I had to work hard on establishing Vivek's character. He is a definite part of the franchise now. We've left no stone unturned to ensure it looks like a battle between equals. There's no point in introducing an antagonist and then leaving the character half-finished.\"In the climactic duel between Hrithik and Vivek, Hrithik insisted Vivek get equal footage and leverage. Rakesh said, \"I had to justify Vivek's presence. The story moves ahead with both of them. And Vivek has done an amazing job.\"The filmmaker added, \"For the last five months, we've shot only action scenes. All I can tell you is the fights are not about showing the super hero throwing punches. His opponent is just as powerful.\"About comparisons with Hollywood , Roshan said, \"We can't compete with Hollywood. One of their action scenes is equal to my entire budget. Given our monetary restrictions, we've done whatever we could with the action scenes. But our forte is the drama. So we've based all the action in emotions. We have to depend on our content, the story and emotions. We'll try to get the audience involved in the emotions and then get them sucked into the stunts.\"According to the director, making Hrithik's character and Vivek's character look evenly matched on the screen has been his biggest triumph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14500842", "title": "\u2018Unch Mazha Zhoka' completes 100 episodes", "text": "In a day and age when TRPs are highest for thriller action dramas, mushy soaps etc., Viren Pradhan and Zee Marathi took a huge risk by deciding to air Unch Mazha Zhoka - a serial based on 19th century social reformer and revolutionary - Mahadev Govind Ranade and his wife Ramabai Ranade. But, that gamble has paid off and the serial has sompleted a 100 episodes!\"A period drama, women in nav-vari sarees, absolutely no glam and no scope to add or minus characters based on TRPs. On the face of it, this looked like a tough task. Unch Mazha Zhoka had to be informative yet not like a boring documentary,\" says producer and director Viren Pradhan, adding, \"But Nikhil Sane, the business head of Zee Marathi egged me on and that was huge encouragement. Today, as our serial completes 100 episodes, it's a humbling feeling. While the pressure to keep doing the good work is immense, I love this kind of pressure as it always results in good work.\"The serial pays finest attention to detailing. Whether it's the use ceramic jars, the brass vessels, the jewellery, the home decor - everything's a pictorial dictionary for today's generation on how people lived in the in the 19th century. So, ask Viren how difficult it was to get this authentic flavour for his serial and he says, \"That was the toughest part and my art director's team scouted so many markets and chor bazaars in Nashik, Wai, Pune, Mumbai for the stuff. When we found something that looked old and worn out, we'd buy it. But, I am so happy to note that all the effort has paid off. If the audience can take a trip down memory lane and if that journey teaches them about how the women and men of that era fought to give women the social freedom they enjoy, nothing like it. Also, the whole social milieu of that period is enumerated through various episodes of different people and that gives us a sense of how reform and culture worked sometimes in tandem and often at variance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14483893", "title": "Lurking danger of open borewells in Balotra", "text": "JAISALMER: There are dozens of open borewells on the banks of Luni river inviting accidents to happnen. Despite the Supreme Court's directions and the recent tragedy of the five-year-old Mahi losing her life when she fell in an open borewell, the administration has not done anything to cover them.The administration says that it does not have any information about the directions. The tehsildar in Balotra where there are numerous open borewells has been directed to investigate in this regard. Due to heavy demand for water in Balotra Industrial Area, the business of selling water by digging borewells is on the boom. If one borewell dries up the water mafia gets another one dug at some distance and the first one remains open.There are several open borewells in the areas of Sankarna and Bithuja in Balotra. TOI journalist found many open borewells amid babool shrubs in Sankarna. One slight slip and a person could easily fall in these borewells. Though some borewells are covered with small stones but that is not enough. Even with light rain they would be washed away leaving the borewell open. With a government primary school near the borewell there is always the danger of children falling into the borewell.Puja Sundesha, a class X student in Sankarna said, \"There are many open borwells in the area where my house is situated. Children play outside and under such circumstances we have to take care of the children. The administration should force the borewell owners to close or fill the useless borewells.\"Sankarna resident Suresh Saini said that there are around 15-20 abandoned borewells in his area which have dried up and have been left open. Kamlesh Abusaria, SDM Balotra said that the tehsildar has been directed if there are any open bore wells then he should check and submit his report.The patwaris have been asked to make reports on the spot regarding open borewells. \"Otherwise in our knowledge there is not even a single open borewell. If there is any then immediate action will be taken,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14482875", "title": "Anna university mess pits govt against governor", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu higher education department appears to be on a collision course with the governor's office over the selection of a committee to oversee the affairs of Anna University in the absence of a regular vice-chancellor. The university, one of India's premier technical varsities, manages admissions to over 500 engineering colleges in the state. It has been without a VC for the last two days after the tenure of P Mannar Jawahar ended on June 26.The ad hoc syndicate of the university selected a three-member convenor committee with Jawahar as chairman on June 22. It was approved by governor K Rosaiah, in his capacity as chancellor of the university, on June 25. But the panel has now become defunct with Jawahar resigning as chairman on the orders of higher education secretary T S Sridhar. The secretary, through a demi-official letter addressed to university registrar S Shanmugavel on June 25, asked the ad hoc syndicate to reconstitute the committee with the government nominee, commissioner of technical education Ramesh Chand Meena, as chairman. Sridhar raised no objection to Jawahar's continuation as a member or the inclusion of M Sekar, dean of College of Engineering, Guindy, as the third member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14477751", "title": "Hassled students form victims' forum against Calicut University", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Beset by the callous attitude of the Calicut University, the students of the varsity have come together to form a forum to voice their protests. On Thursday, scores of students assembled at the Press Club Hall here to announce the formation of the Calicut University Victims' Forum.Flustered by the inept conduct of examinations of the degree courses under the choice-based credit semester system (CCSS), they also shared their personal experiences on how the delays and other inefficient practices of the exam department wrecked their academic prospects.Ramees EK, a BSc chemistry student of Farook College, said though he is in the fifth semester of the course, many students have not yet received their first semester results. \"Even those who have got their results now doubt the authenticity of it as there have been numerous reports of answer sheets disappearing from the varsity,\" he said. Sahala Nechiyil, a degree student in English literature, said that she had the shock of her lifetime when the varsity announced that the first and second semester exams would be held consecutively. \"We were surprised when the university announced that the first and second semester exams would be held consecutively, without the mandatory six-month gap between the semesters,\" she said. She said a cursory glance at the syllabus would reveal that it was not at suited for the course.\"Even teachers are victims of varsity's callousness as they are forced to teach subjects which even they had not studied. English teachers have to teach political science and Indian constitution,\" she said.Munsif V, a third semester BA English student of Malabar Christian College, said many students under the CCSS system in the college were stunned when they got D grade for external exams while actually the examiners had awarded A grade to them. \"The CCSS is a beautiful system, but the shoddy implementation has affected tens of thousands of students,\" he said.The forum is now planning to stage a sit-in before the varsity on July 11 demanding their right for a proper education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14478979", "title": "Raid on cellphone trader reveals tax-evasion trail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The commercial tax department has uncovered Rs 101 crore worth of murky transactions and detected evasion of Rs 13 crore value added tax (Vat) during a raid on city-based cellphone trader. Last week, tax officials raided Shukan Enterprise, a mobile handset trader in Gheekantha and found a trail of cash transactions.Following the raid, tax officials carried out searches on nine other cellphone traders in Ahmedabad, Surat, Rajkot, Jamnagar and Morbi. \"Shukan Enterprise purchased cellphones from these nine traders. We found that many purchases were made without bill and the 15% Vat levy on cellphones was evaded. We've detected a Rs 2 crore Vat evasion done through such purchases. We've already collected Rs 96 lakh tax from the dealers,\" said a senior commercial tax official.Investigators also found that Shukan enterprise through its own companies in Hyderabad and Delhi had carried out on paper transactions worth over Rs 100 crore in the last one year and evaded Rs 11 crore Vat. \"The trader sold the cellphones purchased from the state or imported from China in the local market, but showed bogus cellphone sales from its Ahmedabad firm to its sister concern firms in Delhi and Hyderabad to fraudulently claim the input tax credit. Given this, we've raised a tax demand of Rs 4.64 crore against the trader,\" said the official. tnnOfficials said that after the department cracked down on Chinese cellphone consignments smuggled into the state through rail or bus routes, a few traders have found new ways to evade tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "14479125", "title": "'Political pension' of Dang traditional rulers hiked", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In a pre-poll move to woo the predominantly tribal population of Dang district, the Narendra Modi government on Wednesday declared it was increasing the nominal annual emolument receivable by the traditional rulers of the district by 25%.Announcing the decision soon after the cabinet, government spokesperson Jay Narayan Vyas told newspersons, the higher emolument - called political pension or 'saliyana' in official jargon - will be handed over to the five Dangi Rajas, nine Nayaks, who work as their ministers, and 653 Bhaubandhus, who are the traditional rulers' family members.A Congress stronghold, Dang went to the BJP for the first time in the last 2007 assembly elections. The move to increase the pension is seen as an election ploy to woo the biggest and most influential tribal community of Dang - Bhils. The Dangi Rajas, Nayaks and Bhaubandhus belong to the Bhil community which makes up for 35% of the district's total population. Bhils are also populated in large numbers in several other districts of the eastern belt with strong tribal presence.BJP MLA from Dang Vijay Patel told TOI that the traditional Dangi rulers have already been given two major sops by the Modi government. \"Each of the rulers has been allocated plot of land in the district headquarters Ahwa to construct houses. Also, each Dangi Raja has been allowed to cut and sell 25 trees compared to each tribal who is permitted 10 trees,\" he said.The total saliyana each Dangi Raja gets varies between Rs 1 lakh and Rs 2.5 lakh. Each Dangi Nayak and Bhaubandhu gets a saliyana of a few thousand rupees. \"Like every year, the new saliyana, effective from April 1, 2012, will be given to the Rajas, Nayaks and Bhaubandhus during Holi, when the annual Dang Darbar is held,\" the MLA said.Apart from the Bhils, there are two other major communities in the Dangs - Kunbis, who also constitute about 35% of the population, and Varlis, who are about 25%. While the Kunbis are tribal cultivators, Varlis are mainly involved in spiritual activities.\"The political pension was agreed upon during the pre-independence days by the British rulers with the then Dangi rulers as a compromise after the British failed to bring the area under their rule. The pension was last increased in 2005 by 25%. Today, the total annual emolument the traditional rulers get is Rs 19 lakh, which will now be increased to Rs 25 lakh,\" Vyas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14474914", "title": "Wimbledon: Leander-Stepanek pair rolls into Round 2", "text": "LONDON: Seeded fourth in the Wimbledon men's doubles draw - India's Leander Paes and Czech Radek Stepanek - powered past lucky losers Aussies Colin Ebelthite and John Peers in an opening round match late on Thursday.The Indo-Czech pair came through 6-2, 6-4, 6-2 against the last-minute replacements, who came in place of the dangerous Colombian pairing of Alejandro Falla and Santiago Giraldo . Falla pulled out of the doubles citing injury. Next up for Paes-Stepanek is the seasoned Israeli pairing of Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram .Paes and Stepanek struck early in the match, breaking Ebelthite in the third game when the Aussies went down 0-40, a Paes forehand doing the job at 15-40. The Indian veteran then served out the set in the eighth game.The unheralded Aussie pairing had more of a say in the second set where they had two chances to break Paes and Stepanek in the eighth and 10th games respectively, but came up short on the breakpoints. The Australian Open champions were always in control of the big points.In the third set, Ebelthite and Peers, fighting with their backs to the wall, saved two breakpoints to hold serve in the opening game. The break, however, came in the third game. The Czech ace then served out the match to put his team in the second round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14478235", "title": "Karayi comrades in CBI custody", "text": "KOCHI: A city court on Thursday allowed a CBI petition seeking the custody of CPM leaders Karayi Rajan and Karayi Chandrasekharan in connection with the murder of NDA activist Muhammed Fasal.Chief judicial magistrate P Sasidharan would decide the remand duration on Friday.The investigation agency had submitted a chargesheet in the case a week ago. The CBI had named Rajan, CPM's former Kannur district secretariat member, and Chandrasekharan, Thiruvangad local committee secretary, as masterminds of the murder. Kodi Suni, arrested for T P Chandrasekharan murder, has been made the prime accused.Fasal, once a CPM worker, was hacked to death at Muzhuppilangad near Thalassery on October 22, 2006.According to investigators, Fasal was killed over political animosity sparked by his joining the NDF, and luring CPM cadre to his party. The chargesheet stated that the CPM's Thiruvangad unit had conspired to eliminate Fasal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14495295", "title": "Arunachal CM urges hydel power body to amend recruitment, rehab policies", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has urged the National Hydro-Electric Power Corporation (NHPC) to amend the proposed policies for recruitment, resettlement and rehabilitation (R&R;) and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) of its ongoing power projects in the state.\"There is a communication gap between the power developers and the people. People of Arunachal are very simple. If they are properly made aware of the advantages of the projects including security of the local communities, they would never oppose,\" Tuki observed while attending a high level review meeting with NHPC officials at New Delhi on Thursday, official sources said here on Friday.Nabam Tuki also hinted at the lackadaisical attitude of the executing agencies in taking the people, especially those affected by the projects, into confidence and winning their faith, in the meeting in which he took detailed stock of the status of the Subansiri Lower Hydro Electric Project, Tawang I and Tawang II projects besides Dibang Multipurpose hydro electric project, the sources said.The chief minister said he has full faith in PSU's such as NHPC and NEEPCO and expressed hope that they would always work towards safeguarding the greater public concerns.Nabam Tuki suggested that besides implementing power projects in the state, the PSUs should chip in creation of infrastructure as and where necessary.In this regard, he sought NHPC's initiative to build tunnels on roads in Anini area that would help cut-short the distance, sources said quoting Tuki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "14484646", "title": "Scribe fired after secret career as stripper exposed", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Sarah Tressler, a 30-year-old stripper who worked the gentlemen's clubs of Houston, had a guilty secret : she earned a second income in the sordid world of newspaper journalism.Or at least she did. After her double life was exposed by a rival news organization in March, Tressler was called into the editor's office at The Houston Chronicle and unceremoniously sacked.So began a snowballing dispute which in May saw Tressler sue the newspaper, claiming unfair dismissal, and in a fortnight's time will see the launch of her memoir, 'Diary of an Angry Stripper' , which according to its publisher will detail the \"inner workings\" of her dual careers.On Wednesday, Tressler announced that she will further leverage her notoriety by embarking on a \"coast to coast\" stripping tour. In an interview with the Las Vegas Review Journal, in which she claimed to have a masters degree from New York University , Tressler said she hopes the road trip will bring national attention to her discrimination claim and help her get her old job back as a feature writer and society reporter.She explained that she began exotic dancing in order to keep fit and pay off student loans. Money from the profession also helped her afford designer clothes necessary to attend society functions on behalf of The Chronicle.Tressler was officially fired, she said, for failing to list the \"other\" employment on her original job application . That doesn't make sense, she argues, because in Houston , strippers are not employees : they're independent contractors . And her lawyer, Gloria Allred, argues that firing an employee for stripping in their free time is discriminatory , because the vast majority of strippers are female.The Chronicle has not commented , but it is expected to counter that the sacking was justified because Tressler's side-job \"adversely affected\" her credibility as a newspaper journalist.THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14499689", "title": "Balakrishna\u2019s Srimannarayana release in Aug", "text": "Natasimha Nandmauri Balakrishna's upcoming film \"Srimannarayana\" will have its release date in the month of August. Official sources say that the unit is back in Hyderabad after an overseas schedule and the unit has wrapped up the entire shooting part in this itinerary.Srimannarayana audio launch is planned in the last week of July while the film's release would be in August. The makers are ensuring that the film does not clash with Prabhas' \"Rebel\", which is also slated for August release. Balayya plays the role of a Journalist and his performance will be the highlight of the film. Isha Chawla and Parvati Melton are playing the female leads in the mass entertainer directed by Ravi Kumar Chavali and produced by Ramesh Puppala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14483957", "title": "Jakhar\u2019s whereabouts still unknown", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jodhpur police still seems to have no clues about Kailash Jakhar. Though 11 criminals who are alleged to be among those who attacked policemen in the Rajasthan High Court premises have been arrested till date, there is no clue about Jakhar's whereabouts.Varying versions regarding his possible hides-out have come up from time to time, however, questions are being raised if the attackers are so easy to arrest, then why is Jakhar still untraceable. Experts said that it might further delay the upcoming Bhanwari Devi murder case's trial.Sources said that the local police are sharing information with the Central Bureau of Investigation also. \"After burning the victim's body, both Bishnaram and Kailash Jakhar had been on the run and CBI managed to trace both of them. So they have a fair idea of their possible hide-outs. We are seeking their help also in tracing Jakhar,\" said an officer.He added, \"So far we have identified a total of 30 men who helped Jakhar. We have arrested 11 of them. Various clues are coming our way during interrogation of these arrested men. These clues are being verified,\" said a police officer.The police have now pinned all their hope on the interrogation of Bishnaram Bishnoi who was taken from Jodhpur Central Jail on production warrant. He is under 10-day police custody.\"Going by the modus operandi, the plan to free Bishnaram and Kailash Jakhar had been hatched several days prior to the escape. So it is possible that Bishnaram had planned specific places for hide-outs and Kailash might be there. We are trying to extract this information from Bishnaram,\" said the officer.After looking for Jakhar in Jodhpur, Barmer and Bikaner districts, police teams were sent to Gujarat, Karnataka and Orissa based on clues they got after interrogating the arrested and their links. However, nothing concrete has come their way so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14478194", "title": "Kerala high court raises concern over quality of state's higher education", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court observed on Thursday that in order to stop the erosion of quality in higher education , the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) should consider revoking affiliations granted to self-financing engineering colleges in the state that had a pass percentage below 40%.The division bench comprising Justice CN Ramachandran Nair and Justice CK Abdul Rehim made the observation after reviewing exam results of self-financing engineering colleges in the state for the past three years, and on the basis of an expert committee's report that revealed lack of qualified faculty and infrastructure in an alarmingly large number of colleges.Managements of various engineering colleges in the state have welcomed the high court's observation. \"This is the need of the hour. Several dubious operators have set up engineering colleges in the state which fail to maintain basic standards. There are some engineering colleges that have a pass percentage as low as 5%. More professional colleges are needed in the state but it shouldn't be at the cost of quality\", said Punnose George, treasurer, Kerala Self Financing Engineering College Management's Association.A similar sentiment was echoed by K J Paulose, dean, management studies, School of Communication and Management Studies, Kochi, who conducts a yearly audit on the quality of students in self-financing colleges in the state. \"The pass percentage is pathetically low mainly because the quality of teachers and students in these colleges is poor. More than 50% of colleges have lower than 40% pass percentage,\" he said. However, to what extent AICTE will be able to act on the high court's recommendations remains moot. The AICTE's official mandate is to check infrastructure, faculty and other requirements for running an engineering college. Responsibility for academic performance lies with the institutions.Many educationists also believed that shutting down colleges with a poor pass percentage would be a simplistic solution. \"You can't blame the institution for poor performance when the flaws lie in the primary and higher secondary school system which gives 100% marks to its students. Many students are also victims of parental and peer group pressure which lands them in professional courses,\" said G P C Nayar, chairman of the SCMS Group and national president of the Federation of Associations of Private Unaided Professional Colleges.The high court had reviewed the performance of students from self-financing engineering colleges in examinations during 2008-09, 2009-10, and 2010-11. Additionally, the court had considered reports of surprise raids conducted by a seven-member expert committee appointed by the state government based on the court's direction on January 18 last year.This committee's report was a severe indictment of Kerala's self-financing engineering colleges. The report revealed that many colleges didn't have qualified lecturers and professors, and that they paid their faculty on a contract basis or sometimes on an hourly or daily wage basis. Overall, the report revealed a shortage of staff across all levels - senior, middle and associate levels - in most colleges.The committee noted various discrepancies - in one college a professor in mechanical engineering was also holding the post of head of the department of computer science; another self-financing engineering college had a principal who didn't even have an engineering degree.There were colleges with no separate campus, with different departments affiliated to different universities functioning in the same building. Many colleges lacked enough floor space for laboratories and classrooms while a good number of them had obsolete laboratory equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14478528", "title": "Dreaded criminals will not get parole for 5 yrs", "text": "GURGAON: Hardcore criminals lodged in jails in Haryana would not get parole for the first five years and a proposal to amend the existing rules for this has been forwarded to the state government, director general of police (DGP) Ranjiv Dalal said on Thursday.The DGP was replying to questions of media persons after laying the foundation stone of the Rs 30-crore office building of the police commissioner in Gurgaon.He said it had been observed that many a time the prisoners go out on parole, commit crimes and escape.\"We have planned on amending the Haryana Good Conduct Prisoners Act and have been in talks with home secretary, Sudhir Mathur. We sent a proposal in this regard to the state government and after the execution of the new rules, the dreaded criminals will not go out on parole before five years,\" said Dalal.He said it had also been observed that in case of a death of a family member of a prisoner, the prisoner gets parole and goes out of prison.\"If any jail inmate goes out on parole, we will send a police team with him and he will return to the jail after completing the task on the same day,\" added the DGP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14482229", "title": "Administration to probe underweight cylinders supply", "text": "LUCKNOW: District administration has ordered an inquiry into complaints that LPG cylinders supplied by a gas agency are underweight and there is delay in distribution.Additional district magistrate (ADM) civil supplies Sanjay Yadav said action will be taken after the investigation is over. \"We have set up a team to verify complaints of the consumers. Our officials are investigating the matter and strict action will be taken against those found responsible,\" he said.He added that administration has already taken action on the complaints received against other gas agencies.During the investigation, sources in the administration said, on April 20 it was found that 18 out of 30 cylinders of a Lalbagh-based gas agency were underweight.The cylinders weighed 300 to 700 gm lesser than the actual weight. In a similar incident, nine cylinders were found underweight at a gas agency in Thakurganj.Rajiv Seth, regional manager of Lalbagh-based gas agency, rubbished the allegations. He said, \"We measure the weight of the cylinders before delivering them to the consumers.\" Regarding delay in delivery, Seth said, \"Cylinders are delivered on time and the complaints of the consumers regarding the delay are false.\"However, consumers are not satisfied. Pooja, a consumer, said, \"I was shocked to see that my gas cylinder did not last for more than 15 days, when earlier it lasted for a month. I had a tough time and ultimately had to seek my relatives' help in getting one.\"Another complainant Rekha said, \"I could not use my gas cylinder for more than 15 days. There is a long gap between booking and delivering of cylinder as the agencies take 21-25 days to deliver a cylinder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14491637", "title": "Thaman\u2019s lively song for NTR\u2019s Baadshah", "text": "Music director SS Thaman is scoring the music for young tiger Jr. NTR's new movie \"Badshah\". Sometime back, it was reported that Thaman composed a lively number for the film and that the entire unit showered praises on him for this song. Now the latest we hear is that this super song was recorded yesterday and output was fabulous it seems.\"Recorded such a high energy, fun song with a whole bunch of singers today for #baadshah... Sure shot Anthem song, that! Thaman maha rocking!\" (sic), posted Harini, a singer from Thaman's team. So we'll have to wait for another six months to listen to this songBadshah unit is currently in Italy for its first schedule of shooting which is going to start from July 1. Sources further add that 40% of the shooting will be in Italy and NTR will play a stylish spy in this action drama. Kajal Agrawal is playing NTR's romantic interest in this film, which is directed by Seenu Vaitla and produced by Bandla Ganesh under Parameswara Arts banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14494898", "title": "Nara Rohit\u2019s Okkadine filming climax scenes", "text": "Nara Rohit's new movie \"Okkadine\" is progressing briskly at Ramoji Film City Hyderabad. The unit is currently filming climax sequences on Nara Rohit and other lead cast. This schedule is expected to be wrapped up by next week and then the film would begin shooting for the remaining 3 songs.Nitya Menon is paired opposite Nara Rohit in this romantic drama, which is directed by Srinivas Raga of \"Katha\" fame and produced by CV Reddy under Gulabi movies banner. Singer Kartik is composing music for the film. Other casting includes Sai Kumar, Kota Srinivasarao, Brahmanandam, MS Narayana, Ali, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14485359", "title": "Police claim cracking 6 cases with arrest of 2", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police on Thursday apprehended two snatchers - Pardeep Kumar and Bittu - and claimed to solve six recent snatchings and robberies. A stolen motorcycle bearing fake registration number was also recovered from the possession of both the snatchers.Pardeep and Bittu are resident of Sector 52 and have been involved in snatchings since their childhood, SHO of PS 3 Neeraj Sarna said. He said they were nabbed at a special naka laid near Sector 3 on Wednesday night.The motorcycle was stolen from Mohali and on June 25 both of them had robbed an employee of PGI at sectors 10-16 diving road. Police said accused were also involved in four snatchings and one two-wheeler theft case registered at police station Sector 19 recently.Police said initially accused stole motorcycles in the city and used to commit snatchings and robberies on these vehicle. Accused were produced in the district courts, Sector 17, and sent in judicial custody on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14477457", "title": "Mr CM, Bangalore needs you...", "text": "For the third year in succession, BBMP has presented an inflated budget of Rs 9,498 crore when it has not been able to mop up revenues of even Rs 4,000 crore in any of the past three years. The effect is there for all to see. The city's contribution to the state's GDP is the highest. Yet, Bangaloreans put up with pothole-ridden roads, uncleared garbage , incessant traffic woes, poor walkability of footpaths, absence of streetlights... While BBMP indifference is the main cause for this, its excuse is that it has no funds.The starting point of the debate for a better quality of life is that Bangalore needs more money to be invested in its infrastructure and civic service delivery. Bangalore needs more money and the government must step in to revive the city.The investment shortfall of the BBMP during 2008-2012 is by conservative estimates over Rs 10,000 crore. BBMP will not be able to raise such large amounts due to its limitations of both capacities and powers. The state government needs to support BBMP on both fronts through legislative and executive measures. Such support should be performance-linked wherein over a 3-5 year period, BBMP is required to deliver on pre-agreed performance measures making it a fair deal.In return, the state government will gain valuable growth dividends which can be effectively deployed in welfare measures in both rural and urban Karnataka. Bangalore is unique in that it has 14% of the state's population and contributes 35% of its GDP. It needs to be nurtured better by the state government, for the benefit of BBMP, Bangalore's citizens and itself.On its part, BBMP has to be more transparent and responsible in its spending. While Bangalore does need more money, it's important that funds already available are spent well and in an accountable manner. Transparency in matters, both financial and operational, is a prerequisite of accountability.Meanwhile, as yet another budget disappoints, Bangaloreans look to the CM and his government to give Bangalore a well-deserved break. BBMP's budgets will then begin to count for something.Mr Sadananda Gowda, time to step in and take charge of Namma Bengaluru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14495178", "title": "Arun wins Suron ka Mahasangram", "text": "Amid all the anticipation on the D-day, Arun Dev Yadav emerged as winner of Suron Ka Mahasangram, the popular singing reality show on Mahua tv.Arun, the Jharkhand lad defeated Bihar's Prateek with a margin of eight thousand popular votes while the Uttar Pradesh girl Kalpana stood third.The gala event held at BMP ground of Patna saw Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar as chief guest who was accompanied by PK Tiwari, CMD of Mahua TV. The jampacked BMP ground saw enthralling performances by Manoj Tiwari, Nirahua, Pakhi Hegde, Sambhawna Seth, Pravesh Lal, Shubhi Sharma, Uttam Tiwari, Dhananjay Mishra, Satish, Ajay, Mohan Rathod, Mamta Raut, and Alok Kumar.-Prashant NishantSource: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14483566", "title": "Trichy corporation plans to revive pending projects", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy corporation council on Thursday passed key resolutions to finally give shape to a few long-pending projects.A resolution to construct a commercial complex at the Yanaikulam grounds near Singarathope was one of the six resolutions that received approval from the corporation councillors. Although construction of the complex had commenced on a land of 32,417 sq ft land, the project had remained pending for nearly two decades owing to litigation. The corporation would include the project in their annual budgets numerous times with no success. However, the dispute was finally settled amicably and the resolution was passed.According to a corporation official, the resolutions would be forwarded to the government for approval and a private consultant would be assigned to prepare project reports for the commercial complex as well as the other projects.Besides, the corporation council also passed resolutions on subjects such as construction of a vehicle parking lot on Old Chathram campus near Holy Cross School and near Diamond Jubilee Campus opposite Gandhi market, construction of a modern slaughter house, shops for meat traders in Gandhi market and converting the composite yard into a green hillock in Ariyamangalam.The move for constructing parking lots in two places was welcomed by many as it would provide congestion free traffic in both Singarathope and Gandhi market areas.The modern goat slaughter house which had been pending for many years, would replace an 80-year-old existing one. It would be equipped with an effluent treatment plant (ETP) to refine waste water before allowing it into the under ground drainage (UGD). Previously, solid waste from the slaughter house caused hindrance in the UGD.The new meat shops would replace the old setup and bring a new look to the entire area. As both retail and wholesale of fish was taking place at the fish market near Gandhi market, the corporation will embark on a move to construct a wholesale fish market in Anna Nagar to avoid congestion in the Gandhi market. The resolution for this project was passed in an urgent council meeting held on Thursday prior to the ordinary meeting. Most traders have welcomed the move.In order to bring an end to the stink arising from the Ariyamangalam composite yard, the corporation passed a resolution to convert the yard into green hillocks. Garbage being dumped on the 44 acre land to a height of 30 feet would be compressed into a green hillock with a height of 5 feet in an area of 10 acres. However, there was also a demand from the public to dump the garbage into the abandoned stone-quarry pits in the Thuvakudi area in Trichy. When contacted, corporation commissioner VP Thandapani said \"dumping the garbage into the stone-quarry pits would lead to ground water contamination. Hence they had decided to convert it into a green hillock.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14497950", "title": "To put health care system in order, Goa health minister visits primary health centres", "text": "MARGAO: Determined to put in order the health care system of Goa, health minister Laxmikant Parsekar, has, of late, been paying visits to the primary health centres across the state.Soon after his visit to the Hospicio Hospital, Margao, earlier this week, Parsekar visited the Canacona primary health centre, followed by his visits to the Curchorem community centre and Balli primary health centre, and took stock of the situations prevailing there.While at the Canacona primary health centre, Parsekar's attention was drawn to the lack of adequate facilities for dialysis treatment for patients suffering from kidney ailments, at the Cacora community health centre, the health minister expressed his displeasure over the poor maintenance of the premises.Speaking to reporters after inspecting the Cacora community health centre, Parsekar said that the infrastructural facilities at the hospital would be strengthened so as to provide better medical treatment facilities to the locals. He indicated that the government would provide a facelift to the hospital and assured to fill the vacancies of three doctors there within the next few days.During his visit to the Balli primary health centre, Parsekar expressed his disapproval over the tardy pace of upgradation work of the hospital, the foundation stone for which was laid in 2007. Speaking to reporters at Balli, Parsekar criticized the earlier Congress government for neglecting the health care delivery system of the state.Significantly, during his recent visit to the Hospicio Hospital, Margao, Parsekar had disclosed the government's intent to upgrade the primary health centres in the state so that the pressure exerted on the two secondary care hospitals (district hospitals in Margao and Mapusa) and one tertiary care hospital (Goa Medical College, Bambolim) is taken off to a great extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "14496151", "title": "Prime Minister to visit Manakula Vinayakar temple tomorrow", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who would be on a two-day visit to the Union Territory of Puducherry from Friday, would offer prayers at the more than 400-year-old Sri Manakula Vinayakar temple here on Saturday.Later he would visit the Aurobindo Ashram. This is first visit of Singh to the Union Territory, a former French colony.On arrival from Chennai on Friday, he would declare open the premises housing the UNESCO Madanjeet Singh Institute of South Asia Regional Cooperation in the Pondicherry University campus at Kalapet near here.Later he would deliver the convocation address at the Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research ( JIPMER).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14477286", "title": "Clamour for tariff rollback at Bhagidari meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Representatives of resident welfare associations ( RWAs) in east Delhi who attended a Bhagidari meet organized by Delhi government on Thursday demanded that the 26% hike in power tariff be rolled back.\"Bhagidari scheme was launched by Delhi government to improve partnership between government and the citizens, but for the past few years, Delhiites are hardly consulted before taking any decision. The recent power tariff hike is the latest example of that,\" said V N Bali, spokesperson of RWA Federation, Delhi East.Anil Bajpai, president, RWA Federation Delhi East said: \"The recent hike in power tariff makes us wonder whether the Bhagidari is between the people of Delhi and the government or the power companies and government. The present government is more bothered about profits of private discoms than consumers' interests.''Many participants called for a CAG audit into accounts of the discoms. \"RWAs have been demanding a CAG audit into the accounts of the private discoms since the previous tariff hike. By raising prices of every day commodities and utilities, the government is depriving people of their right to live,\" said Bali of Ram Vihar RWA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14496612", "title": "Doctor absolved of corruption charge after 23 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It took 23 years for a doctor to prove himself innocent in case of a bribery case, wherein he was accused of taking Rs 20 from a patient in a government hospital.In December 1989, a medical officer at Jaswada government hospital in Panchmahals - L K Arya was accused of taking bribe. One Kalubhai Bhabhar filed a complaint with the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) that he charged Rs 20 to give treatment.Accordingly, the ACB arranged a trap and one of the witnesses projected himself as a patient and paid him the amount. The cops caught him red-handed allegedly taking the bribe. Prosecution was instituted against him.A special court in Godhra acquitted the doctor in 1995 after some of the witnesses turned hostile and the prosecution could not prove its case beyond doubt. The government did not give up and filed an appeal before the Gujarat high court against the order of acquittal.Seventeen-years later, the appeal demanding conviction of the doctor came up for hearing. Justice Z K Saiyed who heard the case found that the complainant in this case was booked on a complaint filed by the doctor. The high court dubbed the complainant as interested witness and held that the acquittal recorded by the lower court was correct. Twenty-three years later, the high court ordered to cancel the bail bond obtained by the doctor setting him free of all conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14478503", "title": "Truck hits three vehicles, 4 killed, 2 injured", "text": "NAGPUR: Four people died and two are battling for their life after the driver of a mini-truck went berserk and rammed into a bike, cyclist and finally a jeep near Fetri village on Nagpur-Kalmeshwar road under the jurisdiction of Kalmeshwar police station on Thursday evening.The deceased include PWD assistant engineer Anil Lokhande, father-son duo Dharmraj and Sachin Sarode, and the jeep driver Prakash Anthony.According to the police, the mini-truck heading to Kalmeshwar first hit the bike on which Dharmraj and Sachin were travelling. Dharmraj died on the spot while Sachin succumbed at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).Later, the truck hit cyclist Devidas Khante, who sustained serious injuries. He was also rushed to GMCH.Lokhande and his colleague Mahindre was travelling in a jeep driven by Anthony. They were heading to Nagpur from Kalmeshwar when the truck collided head on with their jeep. Lokhande died on the spot while Anthony succumbed at a private hospital later. Mahindre is undergoing treatment at the private hospital at Shankar Nagar square.Traffic was blocked on the road till late in the night. The driver of the mini-truck is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14475684", "title": "Automatic rain gauges! Met to upgrade system, will install automatic gauges", "text": "PANAJI: The meteorological centre, Altinho-Panaji, has plans to install seven automatic rain gauges (ARG) in various parts of the state and an automatic weather station (AWS) at Bali to upgrade its weather monitoring systems.All digital rain gauges tip by themselves, as compared to the manual gauges, and provide precision data on the basis of volume of rain per emptying cycle in the gauge. \"After they are installed, the ARG will measure the rain accurately and the readings will be transmitted through satellite after every hour,\" said K V Singh, director, meteorological centre.The information about the rainfall in different parts of Goa will be available online.The department will install ARGs in four places in north Goa, Tisk, Shiroda, Molem and Bicholim, either in forest department or water resource department premises. In south Goa, the ARGs will be installed at Collem, Margao and Cotigao.The Goa meteorological centre functions with a staff strength of 43, which includes seven officers for various units. It has two departmental observatories at Panaji and Mormugao and eight outpost rain gauge stations at Mapusa, Pernem, Valpoi, Ponda, Margao, Canacona, Quepem and Sanguem.In these out posts, government officials function as part-time observers. \"They take the readings of the rain manually with the help of the measuring glass,\" Singh said. A staffer at Altinho calls them daily to collect the data telephonically.\"We have plans to replace manual gauges in a phased manner,\" Singh said.The site for the weather station at Balli has been chosen and the department is awaiting the installation of the equipment. \"The equipment (ARGs and AWS) will be sent by our headquarters in Delhi,\" Singh said. Setting up of another weather station will assist ambient weather monitoring in yet another place of the state.At present, the data recorded at Panaji centre is representative of the entire state, though it differs considerably. \"After AWS is functional in Balli, we will have data and observations of a reote place in Goa,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14482262", "title": "Petrol price will rise after presidential poll: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee said on Thursday she believed petrol prices were cut with the presidential poll in mind and would be increased again after July 19.\"Considering the drop in petrol prices in the international market, the price cut is very little. It has been done due to the presidential election and will be increased once it's over,\" she said at Writers' Buildings.Asked what she thought would be a correct price cut, she said it could be anywhere between Rs 10 and Rs 30 as petrol price in the international market had dropped by Rs 100.The undercurrents of tension between the Congress and Mamata were evident in her statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14482561", "title": "Stringing a new tune in zitar", "text": "CHENNAI: Living up to an illustrious lineage of four generations of sitar players may seem like a daunting proposition. But Niladri Kumar did more than just that. He charted a unique path, creating the 'zitar'. \"It is essentially an electric sitar that I crafted about 10 years ago. It took me two years more to develop and give it a distinct identity,\" says the artist, who will perform at the Sri Krishna Gana Sabha on Friday at 7pm as part of the Times Chennai Festival.While the new instrument might have raised the hackles of purists, Kumar insists that its sound is rooted in classical music. \"It wasn't a complete shift in sound but more of a branching out to try a new approach. Of course, I faced criticism, even at home,\" he says. \"But the kind of love and adulation that I have received over the years has been much more.\"Growing up in an atmosphere of classical music, Kumar started learning the sitar at the age of four and gave his first performance two years later in Puducherry. However, this didn't stop him from being open to other influences that he was exposed to in cosmopolitan Mumbai. \"Many friends said they didn't understand classical music. And I was intrigued how they said they understood a Led Zeppelin or a Pink Floyd,\" says Kumar. \"Maybe, for many youngsters, apart from the high energy of rock, it is the lifestyle associated with that genre that may seem more appealing.\" And he doesn't shy away from taking his music to younger audiences to bridge this gap.At ease at classical recitals and world music concerts, Kumar says getting an opportunity to perform with tabla maestro Zakir Hussain was his biggest learning experience. \"It changed my thinking as a musician as well as a person,\" he says. Refraining from calling his brand of music 'fusion', Kumar says he doesn't believe in bracketing his sound into a genre. \"I believe there are two genres of music, one that makes you groove on the outside and another that makes you dance from within. I can be what I am, only if I stay true to my culture.\"(The Times Chennai Festival is co-hosted by Sheraton Park Hotel and Towers. Complimentary invites to all events and performances are available at The Times of India office on Chamiers Road in Nandanam)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14482886", "title": "Panel clears Greater Noida plan, projects may restart soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a big step towards resumption of work in the stalled housing projects of Noida 'Extension', a statutory committee of the NCR Planning Board (NCRPB) on Thursday approved the revised draft Master Plan-2021 for Greater Noida and recommended it to the board.In October 2011, the Allahabad high court had stopped construction in the area saying the Master Plan had not been approved by the board.Government sources said the NCRPB, headed by Union urban development minister Kamal Nath , is now expected to meet within a fortnight to look at the Master Plan. Once the board approves it, work can resume in the housing projects of Greater Noida, particularly in the area popularly known as Noida Extension.\"Though the board can make some suggestions when the plan is put before the members, the draft plan is likely to be cleared. The statutory committee is satisfied with the changes incorporated by the Greater Noida Authority,\" a source added.The draft development plan for Greater Noida-2021 has included provisions for water supply, sewerage, drainage, power and solid waste management, as per norms.\"We have a complete and all-inclusive development plan before us. The authority has identified sites for solid waste management and has also earmarked them in the plan. It will not make any changes in future. All environmental issues have been addressed in the revised plan,\" said an official.The revised plan has also incorporated a provision of keeping 16% of the urbanizable area as a green belt.\"The planning committee wanted to ascertain whether the revised draft Master Plan is in conformity with our regional Plan 2021, as directed by the high court. After some changes were made, we are recommending the draft plan to the board for approval,\" a senior NCRPB official said.\"We found that development in Greater Noida is better planned than other cities in NCR like Gurgaon and Faridabad. The existing green belt would be conserved by the authority and we have kept stringent conditions that there will be no conversion or shifting of the green belt by the authority,\" said an official who attended the meeting.Green belts have been massively encroached upon across the country by urban development authorities. Most authorities taking advantage of provisions allowing compensatory forestation in other areas, which has no positive impact on the affected region. No such provision exists in the Greater Noida plan 2021.As per the plan, the authority will allow industries using only non-polluting clean technology in this region. Environmental management plan being prepared by the authority will be an integral part of the Master Plan.The authority has also increased the housing quota for economically weaker sections (EWS) and low income groups from earlier 5% to 20-25%. This will be adhered to while preparing sector layout plans.A go-head to the plan will not only bring huge relief to home buyers, it would also put construction work back on track in the region. This will also have a huge impact on economic activities, besides employment generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14477106", "title": "Resident docs' strike called off", "text": "NAGPUR: The indefinite strike announced by the resident doctors of the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) was called off within two hours of its start. The doctors, who were demanding fulfillment of several of their long-standing demands, got assurances from the Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) that the issues would be taken up in the monsoon session of the state legislature.To press for the availability of sufficient medicines and equipment as well as better amenities in the government-run hospital, members of the hospital's Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors (MARD) had decided to go on an indefinite strike starting Thursday. DMER officials asked them to give up the strike in the interest of the hospital and the patients. They assured the doctors that the problems would soon be solved.\"In a written reply to our memorandum of demands, DMER officials told us there would be open discussions on the issues and we would have some solutions by July 7,\" said Dr Parag Kinage, MARD president at GMCH. He also said that if the solutions were not presented by that day, MARD would resume its strike from the very next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14476505", "title": "Young artistes in schools to get state boost", "text": "PANAJI: The state has introduced a talent search competition scheme where school students that win the taluka and state-level events organized by the Goa government will be granted scholarships for over two years to pursue advanced education in the fields of music, dance, drama, drawing, poetry and essay writing.The scheme's objective is to encourage students, by providing them financial assistance, to develop their talent in the field of art and culture under a reputed artiste or guru alongside their academic education.The directorate of art and culture will release an advertisement in the local newspapers regarding the organization of the Cultural Talent Search Competition for the students enrolled in recognized schools. Also, a circular will be issued to the schools in this regard. The schools will then have to furnish the names of interested eligible students to participate in the talent contest at the taluka level.Students who secure the first three ranks at the taluka level in each event will automatically be eligible for the state-level competition and the student who emerges a winner at the state level will be eligible for grant of scholarship. An individual school will be eligible to participate in all the events, however, only three entries in each individual event shall be accepted from each school. The students who participate in the cultural talent scheme competition at the taluka level and secure top three prizes in the events will be awarded a cash prize of 700, 500 and 300 respectively along with a certificate.The eligible students securing top three prizes at the state level in the cultural talent scheme competition shall be awarded a cash prize of 1000, 750 and 500 respectively along with a certificate. The student securing first prize in the cultural talent search at the state-level competition will be eligible for a scholarship of 1,000 per month to acquire basic or advanced education in a respective field from a recognized guru or institution. The scholarship awarded under the scheme shall be initially for a period of two years. The progress of the student will be assessed by the department directly from the guru/institution every six months.The students securing a prize at the taluka and state level will be awarded the cash prizes through their respective schools.The department of art and culture has conducted the talent search events from 2007-08 onwards. The winners of the previous years for the events will be awarded with the scholarship ex-post facto. No scholarship was released earlier. From 2007-08, the cultural talent competition was organized in the categories of junior and senior at taluka and state level. From 2007-08 to 2010-11, there are 106 prize winners at the state level competition.From the year 2011-12, the cultural talent competition will be held under one category only and as such the number of first prize winners will be 14.The payment of the scholarship will be made to the parent/guardian of the scholarship holder who shall be responsible to pay the approved tuition fee to the concerned guru/institution and take necessary receipt for the same and submit it to the directorate of art and culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14494072", "title": "Less polling in comparison to previous civic polls", "text": "KANPUR: The voting percentage was 10% less this year than the civic elections of 2006. In 2006, 51% votes were polled while 41.08% voters used their right to franchise this year. It showed lack of interest among the urban voters. Out of 20,36,010 voters in the city, only 8,36,392 voted. The low polling in the city was due to voters names absent from the list and lack of interest among the people. People remained confined to their homes.The vote percentage would have been more than 50% if the names of thousands of voters would have there in the list. The rural voters put up an impressive show. Billhaur witnessed 65.5% voting. In Bithoor, 67.58% voters cast their votes.In Shivrajpur, 65.46% voters gave votes. The oldest couple who came forward to vote were Sarfuddin and his wife Saifun Nisha. Sarfuddin is 104 years old. He reached the polling booth in ward number 108 in Begumpurwa with his wife. They are residents of Babupurwa. At various booths, voters demanded right to reject. In one incident, a voter demanded right to reject form stating that he considered all the politicians to be liars and that they do not keep promises. It happened in ward number 48 at Ram Public School polling booth in Pashupati Nagar.The officials at the polling booth could not provide the right to reject form and instead tried to convince the voter to vote. Surjeet Singh did not wish to vote but the officials, including ACM Yogendra Kumar, could not provide him the form for the purpose. At two booths in ward number 46 in Kalyanpur, only seven voters turned up to vote out of a total of 210 registered voters.At the polling booth number 779 in Munnulal Saraswati Vidya Mandir polling centr,e where 110 voters were registered, only one person gave vote. At booth number 780, where out of 100 registered voters, only six exercised their right to franchise. The Rural Voters Put Up An Impressive Show Less polling in comparison to previous civic polls", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475856", "title": "Pune not ready for exigencies: Report", "text": "PUNE: The first integrated disaster management plan for the city prepared by Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is doubtful about its preparedness should a calamity strike.The city would be caught unawares, its fire stations, fire tenders, staff and other critical equipment prove inadequate, and its mechanism to protect water supply from probable terror attacks fall short, the report said.The integrated ward-level plan, drawn up in March, was uploaded on the civic body's website recently with a few modifications.The plan painted a bleak picture of the city's preparedness. \"The city falls in the low capacity category to prevent and mitigate hazards. The PMC should immediately upgrade in terms of number of fire stations, fire tenders, staff and other critical equipment.The civic body lacks a coordinated communication set-up that could warn the public and remain in communication with control mechanisms. The staff is not trained in performing emergency support function and incident response system functions,\" the plan added.The report states the city is vulnerable to terror attacks because of it growing stature as a financial hub. \"Water filtration plants and supply modes as well as water tanks could be breached as there is a very feeble security arrangement and no check on water contamination. If this threat manifests, it could cause great havoc in the city,\" the report warns.In case of a dam burst, no warning would be available and a sudden surge of large volumes of water may cause flooding, the report said. \"Such a dam burst may occur due to seismic activities or even due to oversilting or anti-social activities. Pune city falls under seismic zone III and thus an earthquake of 7 on the Richter scale is possible. This may cause large- scale destruction of old buildings and even those that have not been constructed according to the BIS norms,\" the plan states.Celebrations during Ganeshotsav and Diwali are also a cause for concern, the plan said. During such celebrations, stalls and idols are set up in temporary structures that occupy roads and lanes. This causes high degradation of response and enhances threats of fires and road accidents. The local administration has not been able to curb such celebrations which may have a direct impact on the capacity decay during such events.An expanding city has brought peripheral industries in mid-city limits with people residing around the industries. \"There are hardly any disaster management interventions the PMC has on the industries. Vehicles carrying hazardous material ply on busy roads, unchecked. Industries are not made to submit their disaster management plans (on-site and off-site) to the PMC along with the fire and emergency services of the PMC. This could cause accidents,\" the plan states.The PMC plan also looks into the details of 14 wards in the city and chalks out a disaster management response for each locality.\"For the first time, we have a comprehensive plan that can be executed at the local level,\" said PMC's disaster management cell chief Praveen Ashtikar on Thursday. The civic body will act on the plan and ensure that the city is ready to face calamities, he added.The devastating fire at the Mantralaya in Mumbai last week has raised serious questions about the preparedness of government departments in tackling disasters at public establishments. The PMC's refurbished plan has drawn the attention of the administration and elected representatives to prepare the city for emergency support function and incident response system.Mayor Vaishali Bankar said, \"We will take all efforts to ensure that the city is ready and well-equipped to face any emergency situation. There will be no scarcity of funds to augment equipment for disaster management.\"Nagrik Chetana Manch president and social activist Maj Gen S C N Jatar feels the city needs a dynamic leadership to tackle all these issues. \"The city does not have a leader who could lead the city and ensure safety of its populace,\" he said.\"The PMC is unable to clear footpaths and it is talking about disaster management. The plan will remain on paper and the civic body will wake up only after a major disaster,\" said senior R N Pandit, a senior citizen.What elected representatives must doa) Make people aware of their duties and responsibilities to handle an eventualityb) Organise workshops for Ganesh mandals and housing societies on security issues. Create local rescue teams and relief organisations to help the administrationd) Arrange for funds and not concentrate on development alonee) Pass laws and acts keeping political differences at bayf) In case of a disaster, ensure that relief reaches victims and relief camps in their wards are operating efficientlyVulnerable areas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14477340", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation rules out hike in Metro fare", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent hike in electricity tariff is not likely to affect fares in Delhi Metro, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation announced on Thursday. \"At present, there is no decision regarding the increase in fares in the Delhi Metro services,\" a DMRC spokesperson said.The announcement came post-speculation on a hike in fares because of an increase in expenditure by DMRC on operational costs.\"The hike in power tariff supplied to DMRC will impact the operational expenses on electricity of Delhi Metro by approximately 30%,\" said the spokesperson. However, officials said, Delhi Metro was looking at ways to cut down the costs. \"Any change in the fare structure would be done after considering the realistic expenditure incurred by DMRC,\" an official said. According to the recent power tariff hike, Delhi Metro will have to buy electricity at Rs 5 per unit against Rs 3.80 per unit earlier. This would work out to an additional expenditure of Rs 100 crore annually, said officials.There had been speculation that Delhi Metro would revise its fare structure to accommodate this hike. The last fare revision was in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14476481", "title": "DU cutoff 2: Hope still floats", "text": "NEW DELHI: The second cutoff list released by Delhi University on Thursday night brought hope for admission seekers. Though seats for BCom (honours) are already taken in 36 colleges, 15 other colleges will still admit aspirants in the course starting Friday. Lady Shri Ram, Kirori Mal, Hindu and Sri Venkateswara have decreased their cutoffs for BCom (honours) by up to 0.5%.Though not specialized, BA Programme too has been a popular course with students. The good news is that only six colleges have closed admissions in the course so far. Some colleges like Delhi College of Arts and Commerce and Shyam Lal (evening) have dropped their cutoffs by as much as 10%, making a large number of candidates eligible for admissions in the list.Commerce students hoping to pursue BCom (H) may just have to opt for BCom now, considering that the dip in BCom (honours) cutoff is not too significant. BCom admissions have been closed only in three colleges, while colleges like Kirori Mal, Sri Venkateswara, Ramjas, Gargi, Kamla Nehru and SGTB Khalsa are going to continue admission with a marginal dip of 0.25% to 0.5%.It's probably after a long time that Shri Ram College of Commerce has come up with a second cutoff list for general category candidates. Admissions in BA (H) economics are still open in SRCC with a drop of 0.25%. There are 12 other colleges like Sri Venkateswara, Ramjas, Miranda House, Lady Shri Ram, Hindu and Hans Raj where the course is open for admissions.Though admissions are open in the sciences, the cutoff continues to be on the higher side with a marginal drop in most college. The maximum decrease in BSc (H) physics is 3% at Bhaskaracharya College of Applied Sciences. In more popular colleges such as Hans Raj and Hindu, the decrease is less than 1%. Admissions are closed in 16 colleges for BSc (H) mathematics, but are open in as many.For BSc (H) chemistry, admission is open in 13 colleges. But cutoff marks haven't gone down significantly. Maximum decrease in cutoff is 3% at Moti Lal Nehru. BSc life science is closed only in Gargi and Miranda House. Gargi College has closed admissions in all science courses.English aspirants still have many options at hand. There is a dip of up to 8% in the CATE cutoff, while candidates can expect the general cutoffs to go down by 1-3%.The course is open at Hindu, JDM, KMC, Miranda House, Ramjas, Daulat Ram and SGTB Khalsa.BA (H) history is closed in eight colleges. However, some colleges like Delhi College of Arts and Commerce, Kalindi and Ramjas are offering admission in the course at cutoffs lower by up to 6%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14478327", "title": "Mahi case: Landlord's bail plea on Friday", "text": "GURGAON: The city court has deferred the hearing of the anticipatory bail application plea of Mahi's family's landlord, Rohtash Tayal.The hearing which was supposed yto be on Thursday will now be held on Friday.Two others who were arrested in this connection with the digging of illegal borewells were produced before a city court on Thursday and were sent on one day police remand. Four-year-old Mahi died after she fell into a 68 feet deep borewell, illegally dug on Rohtash Tayal's land in Kasan village of Gurgaon district. Police have earlier lodged an FIR against him under Sections 304A, 188 and 336 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14493832", "title": "Timings, frequency of trains change from July 1", "text": "KANPUR: From July 1, the timings and frequency of a number of trains will change. This trains are 14010/14009 Delhi Sarai Rohilla-Chhindwara Exp, 12641/12642 Kanyakumari-Nizamuddin, 12454/12453 New Delhi-Ranchi Rajdhani and Nanded-Shri Ganganagar. A number of trains have been given extension. This are 12945/12946 Surat-Varanasi to Chhapra Junction, 12688/12687 Dehdradun-Chennai Central to Madurai Junction, 19051/19052 Valsad-Sonpur to Muzaffarpur, 13237/38/39/40 Patna-Mathura to Kota Junction, 12941/12942 Asansol-Ahmedabad Express to Bhavnagar and 51973/51974 Mathura-Bandikui Passenger to Jaipur.The Indian Railways had also changed the timings of the trains passing through North Central Railways. 12428 New Delhi-Rewa Exp would now be passing through Kanpur Central railway station at 3.20 am and would depart for Allahabad at 3.25 am. This train passes through Aligarh, Jhinjhak, Kanpur, Fatehpur and Allahabad to reach Rewa. Shramshakti Express, which runs between Kanpur and New Delhi, will now leave Delhi at 11.50 pm instead of 11.40 pm and reach Kanpur at 6.30 am instead of 5.55 am. Meanwhile, new set of trains will also be introduced from July.One of the new trains is 22442/22441 Kanpur-Allahabad Intercity Express (daily). This train will leave Allahabad at 6.30 pm and reach Kanpur at 9.40 pm. This train will stop at Bharwari, Sirathu, Khaga, Fatehpur, Bindki Road and Aung. Another train will be introduced between Tikamgarh and Jhansi. This train has been named as 51818/51817 Jhansi-Tikamgarh passenger and it will run daily.Another new train would be 12520 Kamakhya-Lokmanya Tilak Express. It will pass through Kanpur Central railway station. Similarly, train number 19409/19410 Ahmedabad-Gorakhpur Express (weekly) will pass through Bandikui, Achnera, Mathura, Farrukhabad and Kanpur Central. This train will leave Ahmedabad 11.35 am and reach Gorakhpur at 1.15 pm the next day. It will reach Kanpur Central at 12.20 pm on the second day.This trains are 14010/14009 Delhi Sarai Rohilla-Chhindwara Exp, 12641/12642 Kanyakumari-Nizamuddin, 12454/12453 New Delhi-Ranchi Rajdhani and Nanded-Shri Ganganagar. A number of trains have been given extension. This are 12945/12946 Surat-Varanasi to Chhapra Junction, 12688/12687 Dehdradun-Chennai Central to Madurai Junction, 19051/19052 Valsad-Sonpur to Muzaffarpur, 13237/38/39/40 Patna-Mathura to Kota Junction, 12941/12942 Asansol-Ahmedabad Express to Bhavnagar and 51973/51974 Mathura-Bandikui Passenger to Jaipur.The Indian Railways had also changed the timings of the trains passing through North Central Railways. 12428 New Delhi-Rewa Exp would now be passing through Kanpur Central railway station at 3.20 am and would depart for Allahabad at 3.25 am. This train passes through Aligarh, Jhinjhak, Kanpur, Fatehpur and Allahabad to reach Rewa. Shramshakti Express, which runs between Kanpur and New Delhi, will now leave Delhi at 11.50 pm instead of 11.40 pm and reach Kanpur at 6.30 am instead of 5.55 am. Meanwhile, new set of trains will also be introduced from July.One of the new trains is 22442/22441 Kanpur-Allahabad Intercity Express (daily). This train will leave Allahabad at 6.30 pm and reach Kanpur at 9.40 pm. This train will stop at Bharwari, Sirathu, Khaga, Fatehpur, Bindki Road and Aung. Another train will be introduced between Tikamgarh and Jhansi. This train has been named as 51818/51817 Jhansi-Tikamgarh passenger and it will run daily.Another new train would be 12520 Kamakhya-Lokmanya Tilak Express. It will pass through Kanpur Central railway station. Similarly, train number 19409/19410 Ahmedabad-Gorakhpur Express (weekly) will pass through Bandikui, Achnera, Mathura, Farrukhabad and Kanpur Central. This train will leave Ahmedabad 11.35 am and reach Gorakhpur at 1.15 pm the next day. It will reach Kanpur Central at 12.20 pm on the second day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14476681", "title": "'Industrial production hit by load shedding'", "text": "PONDA: A decrease in supply of about 100 mega watts (MW) power has affected industrial productivity, especially steel production, in Goa. For the past 15 days electricity department has resorted to load shedding leading to factories shutting operations during the period of the power cut, industrialists said. Electricity department said the situation is beyond their control and factories must cooperate.AK Srivastava, general manager of a steel plant at Kundaim industrial estate, said the factory has to shut operations daily between 6pm and 11pm due to load shedding. The factory works in three shifts and consumes about 80,000 units of power, producing 50 to 60 metric tonnes of steel ingots (raw material used by rolling mills) every 24 hours. \"The 5-hour-long power cut affects production of the factory and affects the state coffers as the department earns less through power charges. Steel factories are one of the biggest consumers of power in the state,\" Srivastava said.The factory has two furnaces working simultaneously and requires much power to meet the high temperature, Srivastava said.R Mohanan, works manager of a plant manufacturing ingots and TMT steel at Marcaim said, \"Production has dropped by 15-20%. Normal production is 50-60 metric tones of ingots and 140 metric tones of TMT steel per day.\"Electricity department officials when contacted said load shedding is resorted to so as to meet the need of all consumers. \"Goa gets 100 MW less electricity from neighbouring states and to cater to the demand of local households, we have to cut power to steel plants,\" electricity department executive engineer R Asrit said.Asrit added that since steel plants consume large amounts of power, domestic consumers would face power fluctuation if the plants kept working. \"Power to home users between 6pm and 11pm is a priority. To avoid fluctuation in power we have to divert power to domestic consumers,\" Asrit said.He said the state gets power from Korba power plant in Chhattisgarh and Ramagundam thermal power station in Andhra Pradesh. Both plants are facing technical problems and hence releasing less power to Goa.Gchief Manguirish Pai Raikar said considering that Goa gets power from beyond its borders, the situation is better than in neighbouring states where load shedding goes on for 10 to 12 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14494339", "title": "Posters continue to pester BJP in Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT: The poster war triggered after Sanjay Joshi's exit from the BJP continues unabated in Rajkot. Fresh posters drawing parallels between chief minister Narendra Modi and Bollywood's scheming matriarchs and vamps have sprung up in parts of the city.A morphed image of Modi has been shown alongside famous vamps of Bollywood like Shashikala and Lalita Pawar.Posters have appeared near Mayor Bungalows, Race Course Ring, Tagore Road and Astron Chowk on Wednesday midnight. \"Modi has got Keshubhai and Shankarsinh quarrelling, has divided society, is he a dangerous mother-in-law?\" read the poster, which has a saree-clad Modi flanked by the devious ladies of Bollywood oldies.There is also a reference to the rift engineered between Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh. The slogans on the posters suggest that like them, the Gujarat chief minister is creating fault-lines within his party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14496539", "title": "King Cobra faces loss of habitat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The King Cobra, world's longest venomous snake found predominantly in Indian rain forests, are increasingly threatened due to loss of habitat and over-exploitation for medicinal purposes.The International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has included the King Cobra in its latest \"Red List of Threatened Species\".Rain forests in the Western Ghats, which receives high annual rainfall, is the home of the much respected and feared King Cobra, which is also a powerful and ancient religious icon in India.Indonesia and the Philippines are also home to these majestic and ecologically valuable snakes, which average at 3 to 4 m in length and typically weigh about 6 kg.\"The world's largest venomous snake, the King Cobra (Ophiophagus hannah), is listed as vulnerable due to loss of habitat and over-exploitation for medicinal purposes,\" says the IUCN Red List.It shows that 10 per cent of snakes endemic to China and South East Asia are threatened with extinction.Snakes are used in traditional medicines and anti-venom serum as food and are a source of income from the sale of skins.Nearly 43 per cent of the endemic snake species in South East Asia in the endangered and vulnerable categories are threatened by unsustainable use.The Burmese Python (Python bivittatus), best-known in the West as an invasive species in the Florida Everglades, is also listed as vulnerable in its native range, with trade and over-exploitation for food and skins, especially in China and Vietnam , being the main threats to the species.Despite its designation as a protected species in China, populations there show no evidence of recovery, and illegal harvesting continues, says the IUCN.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14492274", "title": "Raju Kher &amp; Akshay Anand in Sony\u2019s next!", "text": "As Sphere Origin's upcoming show Humsafar on Sony TV replaces Dekha Ek Khwaab, big names from the telly world are being roped in.Actor Himanshu Malhotra has already given his nod for the main lead and now, senior actors Raju Kher and Akshay Anand have agreed to be a part of Humsafar . Sources inform that the story will be based on the theme of marriage with the age old debate: love vs. arranged.Humsafar is the story of two sisters and their marriage to two brothers. While Raju Kher will essay the girls' father, Akshay Anand will play the male protagonists' father. Newcomer Samaira Rao has been roped in to play one of the sisters along with Rishika Mehani. Although Dekha Ek Khwaab may be Ashish Kapoor's big moment as he has been approached to play the main lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14478830", "title": "Only 1 fireman for 20,134 people in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: How safe does a Nagpurian feel in case there's a fire? Unsafe. Consider this: For Nagpur's 30 lakh population, there are only 149 fire brigade personnel - or one fireman for every 20,134 people! So there's a reason for people to feel unsafe.There has been no increase in the strength of fire personnel since the department was set up in the 1980s.In fact, the Mantralaya blaze has again highlighted the need for adequate fire services in an emerging metro like Nagpur where high-rises are dotting the cityscape.Sources said, when the fire department came into existence, 193 firemen were attached to five fire stations. Over the years, the city spread has grown wider and bigger and the number of fire stations has gone up to eight, but there has been no corresponding rise in the number of fire personnel.NMC has eight fire stations at Civil Lines, Sugat Nagar, Kalamna, Lakadganj, Sakkardara, Narendra Nagar, Ganjipeth and Cotton Market that are manned by only 149 firemen. \"Though the department has a sanctioned staff strength of 411 personnel, about 135 posts are vacant for the last many years. Even important posts like station officers, assistant station officers and senior lead firemen are vacant since long,\" sources said.On several occasions, the department sent a report to the civic chief to increase manpower, but in vain, claimed former chief fire officer Chandrashekhar Jadhav.In fact, despite the staff crunch, NMC uses firemen to deliver officials letters at the houses of corporators and other office bearers.In 2010, Jadhav had prepared a detailed report for adding manpower to the department. The report mentioned that the city required at least 14 more fire stations against the present eight. In west and south Nagpur there is only fire station i.e. Civil Lines. A total of 149 firemen perform the task meant for at least 900 personnel as per recommendations of the Standard Fire Advisory Committee (SFAC) norms, pointed out Jadhav.Jadhav's report stated that given the present population, the city should have at least 22 fire stations, each with a minimum staff strength 40, including 16 firemen. \"In any given shift, there should be one driver, one leading fireman, one fire officer and at least four firemen,\" the report stated. But at present, the department had to send staff from two fire stations to attend any major call.Jadhav told TOI that fire services in Nagpur city are inadequate. According to him, the present strength is not even adequate even for 1/3rd of Nagpur existing population. Even drivers' posts are insufficient. Against the 57 sanctioned posts, 33 are vacant. Besides, NMC's fire department also attends emergency calls in outside corporation limits.Endorsing Jadhav's views, director of National Institute of Fire Disaster and Environment Management Nilesh Urkunde termed the sanctioned strength of firemen disproportionate. He said that with the present manpower the NMC can practically run only two fire stations.\"The existing limitation of manpower and infrastructure restricts the fire department to only three major responses at a time. With the available equipment, the fire services can reach only up to a height of 15 metres. All but around 2,000 residential and commercial buildings are above 15 metre high and thus could prove to be difficult to effectively perform rescue operations in case of fire,\" added Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14491541", "title": "Allahabad varsity law course counselling from July 9", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad University has announced the counselling schedule for admission to law five year integrated course.Coordinator BA LLB (Hons) Prof BP Singh said the counselling will begin at 10am on July 9 at Pravesh Bhawan.He said candidates should bring along the original marksheets, certificates and photocopies, original TC/migration certificate, caste certificate (in case of OBC, SC/ST) and two coloured photographs similar to that pasted on the application form.The candidates should report along with the bank draft of Rs 38,000 issued from any nationalised bank and drawn in favour of Finance Officer, University of Allahabad, payable at Allahabad. Admission will be given in order of merit and subject to availability of seats.On July 9, OBC category candidates who have secured 100 or above marks in the LFAT-2012 and SC category candidates who have secured 71or above marks in the LFAT-2012 and ST category -all candidates who have appeared in the LFAT-2012 entrance test should report to the Pravesh Bhawan.On July 10, candidates of general category who have secured 130 or above marks in the LFAT-2012 and left out candidates of OBC (100 or above marks) SC (71 or above marks) &amp; ST category all candidates can also report on July 10.On July 11, eligible candidates of sport and PH category and left out selected candidates of general category/OBC/SC/ST categories should report at Pravesh Bhawan.On July 12, admission from the waiting list (subject to availability of seats) will be done, said the coordinator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14493566", "title": "Queen Elizabeth's historic hand shake", "text": "Queen Elizabeth shook hands with former Irish Republican Army (IRA) commander Martin McGuinness twice in an extraordinary act of forgiveness during her visit to northern Ireland .According to Daily Mail , her cousin Lord Mountbatten of Burma was killed in an IRA bomb attack while he was holidaying with his family 33 years ago. The gesture of mutual acceptance and acknowledgement was an astonishing act of forgiveness by the Queen who adored her \"Uncle Dickie\".The meeting in Belfast was a hugely significant step for McGuinness, too. Despite the tensions on both sides, their encounter which, after much negotiation, was \"exceptionally gracious and even warm\" insiders said. \"The Queen was relaxed, animated and interested to hear what McGuinness had to say,\" said one. McGuinness spoke to the Queen in Irish and paid tribute to the speech she gave on becoming the first British monarch to visit Ireland for a century.Sinn Fein sources said that McGuinness made clear that he had been moved by her words in which she acknowledged the \"sad and regrettable\" history of Britain's troubled relationship with Ireland. Asked how it felt to meet the Queen, McGuinness said as he feft it was \"very nice\" but reaffirmed that he was \"still a republican\". McGuinness has been open about his IRA past, but has always insisted he never killed anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14491688", "title": "BA III results announced", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad University on Thursday declared the results of BA-III of its constituent colleges. About 99% students have been declared successful. Students can also get the details of the marks and results on the website www.allduniv.ac.in.Controller of Examination Professor HS Upadhayay said 7,379 students had appeared in the exam out of which 556 passed in first division, 4,510 students got second division while 1,554 passed with third division.Besides, 555 candidates students will have to appear in the second examination. Eighty three students have failed. Twenty seven students were caught using unfair means and results of 18 students are not ready while results of six students have been detained, said Prof Upadhayay. Seventy students were absent in the examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14480796", "title": "\u2018Saaransh\u2019 rerun in Gaya town", "text": "GAYA: Facts, they say, are stranger than fiction. Remember a hysterical Anupam Kher greasing palms to get the body of his NRI son in the much-acclaimed 1984 movie 'Saransh'. In a virtual replay of reel life in real life, a retired school teacher from Kushinagar (UP), Jai Prakash Rai, is running from pillar to post to get the death certificate and post-mortem report of his son, Sanjiv Kumar Rai, a former constable who died in the Gaya Central Jail on June 1, 2012, under what the broken father suspects to be 'mysterious circumstances'.In a petition addressed to Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi, the unfortunate father has sought her intervention in getting the death certificate and copy of the post-mortem report from the Anugrah Narain Magadh Medical College and Hospital (ANMMCH), Gaya. The Kushinagar resident submitted the petition in the DM's office on Thursday afternoon.The two-page typed petition in Hindi details the father's traumatic experience to get justice for his dead son's two daughters. The school teacher's son, a constable, was in Gaya jail in connection with a criminal case instituted against him. According to the petition, the school teacher approached the central record section of the ANMMCH on June 18, 2012, a good 18 days after his son's death to get the death certificate. He was shooed on the ground that the certificate was not ready and asked to come a week later. The forensic department, as per the petition, told Rai that the post-mortem report, too, was not ready.The petitioner again visited the ANMMCH on Thursday to get the death certificate and the post-mortem report. This time again the school teacher returned empty-handed. The death certificate was yet not ready, Rai was told. He has also been verbally told that his son died of cardiac arrest.In the petition, Rai also said that the jail authorities did not even have the courtesy to inform him about his son's death and the information was given by an anonymous caller on his other son's mobile number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480736", "title": "Jagan assets case accused babu transferred", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a minor reshuffle of IAS officers on Thursday, the state government, among others, shifted tourism commissioner Sabyasachi Ghosh and appointed Ajay Jain as technical education commissioner. Also, Srikakulam collector G Venkata Ram Reddy, an accused in the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case, was moved out of his post.Ghosh, a 1994-batch officer, has put in for four years in the tourism department and has served as tourism director and commissioner. He was posted as food processing secretary in the industries and commerce department. The new tourism commissioner is 1991-batch officer Rajat Kumar, who had been awaiting posting.Jain was CMD of APTransco till May 15, 2012, having been associated with the energy department in other capacities prior to that. He had proceeded on a short-term training programme and was awaiting posting after having completed the course.In other movements, 1982-batch officer and vice-chairman and MD of AP state warehousing corporation, K Pradeep Chandra was posted as principal secretary to fill an existing vacancy in the industries and commerce department. Also, 1988-batch officer Vijay Kumar , who too was awaiting a posting, got named as the registration and stamps commissioner to fill another vacancy.Housing commissioner Sanjay Kumar (1995-batch) was appointed transport commissioner in the existing vacancy while state election commission secretary K Ram Gopal (1995-batch) got shifted as panchayat raj and rural employment commissioner, again filling an empty chair.The collectors of Medak, Guntur, Srikakulam and Kurnool, too, have been transferred. While Medak collector S Suresh Kumur was named Guntur collector, AP civil supplies corporation MD A Dinakar Babu was made in-charge of Medak administration.Nellore joint collector Saurabh Gaur was appointed Srikakulam collector in place of Venkata Ram Reddy while RR joint collector C Sudharshan Reddy was appointed Kurnool collector. Jagan assets case accused officer Venkata Ram Reddy, outgoing Guntur collector VN Vishnu and outgoing Kurnool collector Rama Shankar Naik were not given any postings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14476378", "title": "US exempts China and Singapore from tough Iran sanctions", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US on Thursday exempted China and Singapore from its tough, new sanctions on Iranian oil trade, hours before the curbs would have entered into force on Friday.\"I have made the determination that two additional countries, China and Singapore, have significantly reduced their volume of crude oil purchases from Iran,\" secretary of state Hillary Clinton said in a statement.She said as a result the Iran Sanctions Act will not apply to their financial institutions for a potentially renewable period of 180 days.\"A total of 20 world economies have now qualified for such an exception. Their cumulative actions are a clear demonstration to Iran's government that Iran's continued violation of its international nuclear obligations carries an enormous economic cost,\" she said in a statement.According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), Iran's crude oil exports in 2011 were approximately 2.5 million barrels per day, and have dropped to roughly 1.5 million barrels per day, which in real terms means almost USD 8 billion in lost revenues every quarter, she said.When the European Union oil embargo goes into effect on July 1, Iran's leaders will understand even more fully the urgency of the choice they face and the unity of the international community, she added.Today marks an important milestone in the implementation of the NDAA and US sanctions toward Iran, Clinton said.\"Following the President's determinations on March 30 and June 11 on the availability of non-Iranian supplies of oil, as of today, any foreign financial institution based in a country that has not received an NDAA exception is subject to US sanctions if it knowingly conducts a significant transaction with the Central Bank of Iran for the sale or purchase of petroleum or petroleum products to or from Iran,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14482131", "title": "'No monsoon revival before July first week'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city continued to reel under heatwave with maximum temperature hovering six degrees above normal on Thursday, despite partly cloudy sky. No relief is likely in near future. The weatherman said that the monsoon has subdued and there are no possibilities of its revival before first week of July. Till then similar weather will continue.The maximum temperature in Lucknow was 42.4 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature was 27.6 degrees Celsius. Total rainfall in the city in the month of June has been 2 mm so far against the normal - 72.4 mm -for the said period. Monsoon should have arrived by June 18, but it lost steam after entering a week ago. On Friday, the sky would remain clear and maximum temperature around 42 degrees Celsius.This year, the monsoon arrived in India on June 4, four days behind normal date. The movement has been erratic since then. The Arabian sea branch is stable since June 17 and the Bay of Bengal branch is static since June 21. Monsoon, in fact, entered Uttar Pradesh (UP) on June 21, four days behind normal date. A few parts of east UP bordering Bihar recorded some rains for couple of days before monsoon currents lost steam.State met director JP Gupta said, \"The cyclonic circulation over Jharkhand , which was expected to push monsoon into UP weakened and westerly winds changed the course of the monsoon currents. Instead of advancing towards UP, the currents moved towards northeast. Now, there is a possibility of monsoon recurving toward UP in next 4-5 days. If it happens, the northeast parts of the state will receive rains.\"Regarding advancement of monsoon in rest of the UP and 'typical monsoon rains' in the city, the state Met director said that it can happen only when a strong system is formed over the Bay of Bengal. At present, no such activity is taking place, he said. However, he did not rule out the possibility of a low pressure area developing over the Bay after June 30, which, if happens, would revive the advancement of monsoon in the state.On Thursday, Allahabad continued to be the hottest district in the state with 44.3 degrees Celsius, seven degrees above normal, followed by Rae Bareli with 43.6 degrees Celsius, Etawah 43.4 degrees Celsius, Hamirpur 43.2 degrees Celsius, Kanpur 42.8 degrees Celsius, Banda 42.6 degrees Celsius, Agra 42.5 degrees Celsius, Sultanpur 42.4 degrees Celsius and Fatehgarh 42.3 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14476043", "title": "Baby deserted at Goa Medical College days after his birth", "text": "PANAJI: A baby boy was abandoned at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, by the parents eight days after the mother delivered the child at the gynecology ward of the hospital.Police sources said that Ratni Devi, a resident of Verna, delivered the baby on May 23 at GMC after which the child was admitted for treatment. Sources said that when the doctors at GMC decided to discharge the baby after he was medically fit, doctors realized that the baby was abandoned by her mother. \"The 34-day-year-old baby is still at GMC,\" the police said, adding that the full address of the accused is not known.Agasaim police registered a case against Devi under Section 317 of the Indian Penal Code for allegedly abandoning the child. The complaint was registered by the medical superintendent of GMC, Rajan Cuncolikar, and the police are searching for Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14500211", "title": "'Rangbaaj Raja' hits theatres today", "text": "Bhojpuri star Pawan Singh's Rangbaaj Raja hits the Bihar theatres today. Pawan eassays the role of a young man who stands against the opression in his village and roots it out in this Arvind Chaubey directed flick.Upbeat on the release, producer Bhupeshwar Tyagi says film will entertain all. Rangbaaj Raja also stars Urvashi Chaudhary, Sangeeta Tiwari, Brijesh Tripathi and Jai singh.- Prashant, NishantSource: bhojpuriyacinema.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14498306", "title": "Microsoft Office 365 for Education available from June 29", "text": "KOLKATA: Starting from Friday, Microsoft Office 365 for Education is available, providing the world's best productivity, communications and collaboration experiences to educational institutes at no cost. Office 365 for Education is a cloud-based suite that includes the familiar Microsoft Office desktop applications, as well as Microsoft Exchange Online, Microsoft SharePoint Online and Microsoft Lync Online.\"Getting the world's best technology in the hands of our students and teachers is critical to improving educational outcomes and making sure students are prepared for college and career,\" said Anthony Salcito, Vice President of Worldwide Education for Microsoft. \"With schools' ever-tightening budgets, Office 365 for Education enables them to deliver new and innovative technology in the cloud that will modernize teaching and learning practices, at no cost.\"It provides educators with powerful tools to create anytime, anywhere learning opportunities across multiple devices in addition to email, calendars, Microsoft Office Web Apps (Online companions to Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and OneNote), video and online meetings plus advanced document creation features for curriculum planning and student projects.The largest worldwide adoption of Microsoft Office 365 for Education is by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). AICTE decided to move all of its 10,000+ colleges on Office 365 for Education earlier this year and the deployment is currently underway. \"Microsoft Cloud Platform will make for a truly progressive ecosystem and contribute to the country's technical education by providing a better communication and collaboration platform for institutes and students,\" said Dr. S S Mantha, Chairman, AICTE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14478174", "title": "Anti encroachment drive resumes", "text": "NAGPUR: The anti-encroachment squad of Nagpur Municipal Corporation on Thursday removed encroachments from busy Cotton Market road and Jadhav Chowk near ST stand. The squad again got active a couple of days ago after weeks of dormancy.The squads led by commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay and additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare seized two trucks full of materials from over 150 vendors found running their unauthorized shops on roads and footpaths.A major anti-encroachment drive was also conducted in Dhantoli zone. Here, shopkeepers had brazenly occupied not only footpaths but also encroached upon major portion of roads. Many encroachments on the busy patch on Cotton Market, which were earlier removed, were found back. The squad removed around 60 vendors between Cotton Market and Fule market.Similarly, 40 encroachments were removed from the narrow patch between Gandhigate and Mahal Chowk.The squad later moved towards the busy Jadhav Chowk near MSRTC and were surprised to see encroachers back in business. The squad removed over 60 vendors of readymade clothes, footwear, fruits and tea kiosks. Many handcarts were also seized. Kumbhare said vendors will face similar action if they do business either from roads or footpaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14483126", "title": "Rain toll: Falling tree crushes MBA aspirant at Lower Parel", "text": "MUMBAI: The monsoon claimed its first casualty with the death of 24-year-old Ashwini Satpute. A 15-metre peepal tree collapsed, crushing her to death near Peninsula Park at Lower Parel. The civic body maintained that they were not responsible for the incident as the tree did not fall under their jurisdiction. Civic officials, though, claimed that they had already given the permission to trim the tree.The incident occurred when Ashwini, like all working days, entered the commercial complex, Marathon NextGen Innova, around 11am on Thursday. Only moments later did the residents realize that someone was trapped under the tree. \"My son and his friends helped remove her from under the tree and rushed her to KEM. But the doctors pronounced her dead on arrival,\" said Darmesh Powar who lives next to the commercial complex.An employee of CDP (I), the resident of Samta Nagar, Kandivli East, had joined the company just a month and a half ago.Residents said the tree must have collapsed as it was enclosed by a cement casing. \"The tree was very old. It must have easily been higher than five storeys and was about a foot and a half in girth. The roots of the tree must have weakened when they enclosed it in a concrete boundary\" said Amit Pathkar, a resident.The civic body, however, refused to take any responsibility. Suhas Karvande, deputy municipal commissioner (gardens) Suhas Karvande, said, \"The civic body is not responsible for trimming trees inside private properties. In this case, permission for trimming the tree was already given by the civic body.\" The civic body may file a FIR in this case, added Karvande.Ashwini's family was inconsolable after the incident as they were looking for a suitable groom for her. Narandra Dabade, Ashwini's uncle, said, \"She just turned 24 and we were planning to get her married. Her father is inconsolable. He was in shock when we broke the news to him.\"Ashwini had just completed her MCom from Thakur College in Kandivli and wanted to go for an MBA degree. \"She wanted to do an MBA and was going to go and collect the forms today. She had only taken up the job to gain work experience. Its very unfortunate as she had a very promising future,\" added Dabade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14480396", "title": "Suicide at Kolkata Metro cripples services", "text": "KOLKATA: Metro services were affected for nearly 45 minutes on Thursday morning after an unidentified man, in his mid-40s, committed suicide under a Kavi Subhas-bound train at the Rabindra Sarobar station. The motorman applied emergency brakes but was unable to stop the train in time. The man was run over and killed on the spot.\"The incident occurred around 7.18am when the train was entering the platform. The man, dressed in sky blue shirt and trousers, jumped from the end of the platform giving the motorman no chance to slow down sufficiently,\" a Metro Railway spokesperson said.\"We reversed the rake after evacuating commuters and then switched off power to the third rail. The man's body was severed and it took station staff some time to retrieve the body bring it outand hand it over to the police. Normal services resumed from 8.05am,\" he added.There were no documents in the man's possession to identify him, he added. According to records, this was the 248{+t}{+h} suicide attempt in the Metro network till date. While 126 of them were killed, the others were brought out alive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "14483684", "title": "5 surrender in AIADMK couple murder case", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Five persons surrendered in a judicial magistrate court in Tirunelveli on Thursday in connection with the murder of a woman AIADMK municipal councillor and her husband in Virudhunagar.The five persons identified by the police as J Prakash (24), D Ravi (32), M Ayyappan (42), his son Sabarideva (20) and M Siva (37), all from Pullakottai in Virudhunagar district, surrendered at the judicial magistrate court 4 in Tirunelveli in the afternoon. They reportedly claimed to have committed the double murder. Justice Palpandi remanded them in 15 days' judicial custody and sent them to central prison in Palayamkottai.The woman councilor, Thangapandiammal (45), and her husband SR Nagaraj (52), a former councillor, residents of Mela Theru in the town limits, were hacked to death by a gang on Wednesday evening when they were travelling on a motorcycle. The gang then fled in a car.Even as the police were clueless over the identity of the culprits and the motive for the murder, as there were no eyewitnesses, Thangapandiammal's brother Vikraman lodged a complaint stating that he suspected that Ayyappan, Jayakodi and Krishnamoorthy - the sons of Mariappan of Mela Ratha street to be behind the murder. He stated in the complaint that the trio had previous enmity with Thangapandiammal.Police had registered a case against the three and had launched a hunt for them. Special teams were also sent to Tirunelveli and Tuticorin district suspecting that the culprits might have been hiding there. However, five persons had surrendered in the court including M Ayyappan (42) cited as one of the accused by Vikaraman. Now, police are on the lookout for Krishanmoorthy and Jayakodi.Police said the family of Ayyappan and Thangapandiammal had a long rivalry and there were violent clashes between the two groups in the past. Police said one of the family members of Ayyappan was murdered a few years back and S R Nagaraj was suspected to be behind it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14496988", "title": "Menopause before 46 ups heart attack risk", "text": "Women who reach menopause before the age of 46 are twice as likely to have a heart attack or stroke as compared women who go through the change later in life, a new study has revealed.The findings from a diverse group of U.S. women supports results of earlier studies, which had focused only on white women.Early menopause was found to double the risk of stroke and heart attack.Lead author Dr Melissa Wellons, from the University of Alabama at Birmingham, said that women who experienced early menopause should make extra efforts to reduce their risk.\"My advice to them would be to get your traditional risk factors checked and do the things that we know, based on evidence, can improve your risk of developing heart disease, like keep your cholesterol in check and keep your blood pressure in check,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.Wellons and her colleagues collected health information through surveys of 2,509 women, including 331 Chinese, 641 black and 550 Hispanic women.Close to 700 of them, or 28 per cent, had undergone menopause early - before age 46. The average age when women stop having periods is 51 in the U.S and 52 in the UK.The younger group included women who went through menopause naturally or had a hysterectomy - surgery to remove the uterus - that can cause early menopause.None of the women in the group had cardiovascular disease at the beginning of the study. Researchers tracked them for an average of five years to see who ended up having a heart attack or stroke.They found that 23 women who had gone through menopause early, and 27 who hadn't, suffered a heart attack or cardiac arrest or died from heart disease.Similarly, 18 women - or 2.6 per cent - of the early menopause group had a stroke during the study, as compared to 19 (one per cent) of women who hit menopause later.It's not clear why early menopause might be linked to cardiovascular disease.Some scientists have theorised that estrogen could play a role as the hormone drops following the change.However, a Women's Health Initiative study on hormone replacement therapy was stopped early because women taking hormones after menopause were actually found to have a higher risk of heart disease and certain cancers.\"It could be a genetic association, (where) genes that are related to ovarian function may also be associated with cardiovascular disease, and those two things are related but not through a common causal pathway,\" Dr Wellons added.The findings were published in the journal Menopause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "14478915", "title": "Drunk man kills wife for slapping son", "text": "SIRSA: A tipsy husband killed his wife in Natar village of Sirsa district on Wednesday night, after she slapped her son for not doing homework. The victim was identified as Prakash Kaur, 35, wife of accused Bittu Singh, 40.\"The accused is addicted to alcohol and there was a dispute going on between the two. We have arrested the accused and produced him in the court, which has sent him in one day's police remand,\" SHO Sadar, Jagdish Rai, said.\"As Prakash slapped her son for not doing homework, the irked, drunk husband took a lathi and hit her on the head. Serious head injuries resulted in her death on way to hospital,\" village sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14477211", "title": "\u2018NDMC areas not spared tariff hike\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government on Thursday refuted reports that there was a negligible hike in power tariff in NDMC areas. A statement issued by the chief minister's office said the sources of power supply, losses suffered and the operating structures of NDMC and the discoms were different and it was incorrect to say that NDMC areas had been spared a tariff hike.The power department came out in defence of NDMC and said that sources of power supply in respect of NDMC and the three discoms were different. \" They (NDMC and discoms) have been operating on different parameters right from the beginning. Further, the cost of power purchase in respect of above is also quite different which varies from Rs 2.32 to more than Rs 5 per unit. NDMC's major sources of supply are from just three generating sources \u2014 BTPS (Badarpur), Pragati-I and Dadri-I, whose cost of energy ranges between Rs 2.32 to Rs 3.40. In contrast, the discoms' sources of supply are from 30 different generating units. Some of its average cost is Rs 5 and more in case of supply from a station like Jhajhar,'' read the statement.\"The initial AT&C; losses of discoms were between 50-60% whereas the losses in respect of NDMC were negligible \u2014 13% (2005). Further, the previous deficit of discoms, as per DERC order, is Rs 2,002 crore for TPDDL, about Rs 3,000 crore for BRPL and around Rs 1,500 crore for BYPL whereas NDMC has a surplus of Rs 398 crore. NDMC has also invested Rs 300 crore for upgradation of existing sub-stations and commissioned 11 new 33KV sub-stations,'' said the statement. The government went on to state \"that NDMC and other discoms are operating on totally different platforms and structure.... It is factually not correct to state that NDMC area has been spared of hike in power tariff as reported by a section of the media.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14482845", "title": "No political vendetta in Punjab: Badal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the backdrop of opposition Congress' allegations of police excesses against its workers, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal on Thursday assured that there there was no political victimisation in the state.Making a passionate appeal in the assembly, Badal said, \"I assure the House that there is no political vendetta in the state...I will not allow injustice to anyone...there is no political victimisation of Congressmen...in fact I urge the opposition to cooperate with the government\".Pointing out that he had received a list of total 39 cases of alleged political vendetta from leader of opposition Sunil Kumar Jakhar, the chief minister said that after a thorough probe at senior level it was found that only three cases were false and these have been cancelled.Rest of the cases were related to issues where there is no role of any party, he said.He, however, said that these cases related to personal fights among families, land disputes, and other trivial issues and had no connection whatsoever with any political party.\"I am burdened on the issue (accusation of political vendetta)...I want to satisfy the Congress...infact it was during the Congress regime false cases were registered against Akalis...our raj (regime) is Ram Rajya,\" Badal said amid thumping of benches by the treasury members.\"I have report of all the cases with me...my work is to get the probe done by senior officials if allegations of political vendetta are levelled against the government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14477900", "title": "Does anyone have an authentic picture of Sakthan Thampuran?", "text": "THRISSUR: This city that boasts of its cultural importance and history is yet to install a statue of its founder, Sakthan Thampuran, who engineered its growth and made Thrissur pooram one of Kerala's most important temple festivals around 200 years ago. He cleared the teak trees in Thekkinkad maidan in order to make enough space to conduct the pooram here.Thrissur may perhaps be the only city which does not have a statue or authentic painting of its founder.The efforts to make Sakthan Thampuran's statue have come to naught as there doesn't exist an authentic painting of the king. This has forced the officials concerned to approach the Tripunithura Palace Museum to find out if the palace has one as Sakthan Thampuran belonged to the Cochin royal family.\"We have written to the Tripunithura Museum authorities seeking his picture. We have also approached the Department of Archaeology. A statue will be made only after ensuring that the picture we get is authentic; it should be authorized by the authority concerned. We don't want any controversy over it in the future,\" an official said.The committee will select one of the three architects it has identified to carve Sakthan Thampuran's figure in bronze. Source said a decision on the picture and the architect would be taken by June end. According to source there does not exist any authentic picture of the Thampuran. The picture of him, currently printed in school textbooks, has been taken from the book 'Sakthan Thampuran' written by Puthezhath Raman Menon. Many people, meanwhile, have questioned the veracity of a painting claiming to be that of the Thampuran, which was recently donated to the Sakthan Museum.P C Chako MP, Therambil Ramakrishnan MLA and many other eminent people have come out in support of installing the statue of the city's founder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14477471", "title": "BBMP budget expert quotes", "text": "Ashwin Mahesh | abide convener and civic expertThe BBMP budget and Spiderman are as real as our imaginations. The political system in this country forces a municipality to present a budget and that's why BBMP has produced one. It's a procedural matter; none of the expenditure, revenue and receipt values scribed in the budget book are real. It is carefully done this way, with political think-tanks, to create such a budget. They know they have no money. Budgets are instruments of approving projects. This budget simply has nothing to connect to the citizens.V Ravichander | civic analystThe overall size of the BBMP budget continues to be in the realm of fiction and not rooted in reality. This is because it is seen as an instrument of promise, not one that is feasible to implement. And with so many spillover works, interest payments and admin costs including salaries, there is very little left for fresh development. The allocation of Rs 200 crore for Tender Sure is a great development. Parking lots appear skeptical because the past track record is not good. Road widening avoidable. We need footpath widening. Signal-free zones can't be in residential areas.Mukunda Rao | member, citizens' action forum, jayanagar 5{+t}{+h} block residents' welfare associationThe much delayed BBMP Budget of Rs 9,500 crore does not show any remarkable changes compared to its earlier budgets. One wonders how the proposed outlay will be utilized in the next seven months. Last year, only 40% of the outlay was utilized. The ruling party has kept next year's assembly election in mind and presented the budget. Though budget provision is made for Solid Waste Management and multi-level parking facilities, one should see how they are effectively implemented. When assets like Jayanagar complex and Public Utility Building are pledged, was there a need to present such a huge budget? It has not emphasized on good governance, accountability and financial management, which are the most important. It is unfortunate that the Budget copy is not uploaded on the BBMP website and is denied to the citizen.A recent newspaper article was headlined: Where did Bangalore's sparrows go? Very soon we may see where all the city's crows, vultures and other birds go. We will develop all water bodies in and around the city to make them bird sanctuaries of the standard of Ranganathittu and Kokkarebellur.Muneendra Kumar KA | chairman, taxation and finance committee, in his budget speech", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14478775", "title": "Cops can get cell, vehicle info instantly", "text": "NAGPUR: Senior officers of city police now have a service that will let them know the ownership of a mobile phone or two-wheelers just by texting the number. These details would be now available in a matter of seconds after an incident like accident or any other crime.It would drastically shorten the wait for such information that used to take at least a few hours or some days. Already available in other units like Pune and Mumbai, Nagpur police now joins the league with cyber cell of crime branch developing the software that uses the database of nine lakh data of mobile phone and bike numbers. City police, under the supervision of senior officials, set up a server to activate the system.It has been now linked to city police's already available 'Talaash' programme that was devised a couple of years ago for the same purpose. The information through 'Talaash' was available on internet. The service on the mobile phone was initiated recently.Due to failure of Regional Transport Office (RTO) to supply data, number of only bikes bought after 2007 could be accommodated and no record of cars or three or five-wheelers could be included. The police authorities are now likely to write to state Transport Commissioner to get the complete data including records of vehicles from other districts of Maharashtra.The system at present has the information of Nagpur city, rural RTO, Chandrapur and a couple of other districts. Senior police inspectors who are the in-charge of police stations and the second PI of each police station have been allowed access. They have been also told to inform about their transfers so their registration can be cancelled once they are away from the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14479016", "title": "Vanishing voluntarily?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: September 2011: two cousin sisters - aged 11 and 16 - went missing from their home in Vejalpur. A missing persons' report was also filed at the Vejalpur police station. Later, the crime branch too was roped in to probe the case, but the girls could not be traced. Recently, older of the two missing girls called her parents to say that she is \"settled\" and also that she would take care of her younger sister.The girls' parents approached the crime branch and gave them the number from which she had called. The cops found out it was a number of a telephone booth in Mumbai. A police sub-inspector was sent to Mumbai to track the girls. When the cop approached the PCO owner, he said that the girl was wearing a wedding dress and a mangal sutra too. She was accompanied by a youth of her age along with a younger girl. When the cops searched the neighbourhood, they could not find any trace of the girls.Such cases have put the Gujarat police on the back foot. Children going missing have become a contentious issue where cops are being blamed for harbouring a lackadaisical attitude in probing these cases. However, the missing children who are tracked down often tell tales that leave their parents and cops dumbfounded.On June 25 a boy who studies in standard X went missing from his home in Ghatlodia. Police and his family members hunted for him for two days but they could not track him down. On Thursday morning the boy returned home. He told police officials that he was being pressurized to study by his parents and to escape this constant vigil of his guardians, he had escaped from home.Last week, there was an episode in Vastrapur. A girl who studies in class X who used to spend most of her free time chatting on the internet or on her mobile phone. This addiction to the internet was also affecting her academics. When her parents snatched her mobile phone and also kept her away from her computer, she went missing. The parents rushed to the Vastrapur police station and sought for the cops' help. Investigations revealed that the girl used to make regular calls on a particular mobile phone. Using this information the cops tracked the girl down. \"We found her sitting at the Kankaria lake front along with her boyfriend. Both had taken an impulsive decision to leave home. We then convinced the two young lovers to return home,\" said Vastrapur police.A cop in the squad that has been set up in crime branch to hunt for missing children said, \"It is our responsibility to hunt for missing children. But, in most cases children escape from home to get out of a stressful situation. It becomes very difficult to trace these children who leave home on free will. Parents should keep a close watch over their children's activities and keep talking to them to know their minds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14480026", "title": "'Nanavati panel extension justified'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has defended extensions granted to the Nanavati commission, which was set up to investigate the Godhra carnage and its aftermath. The government said that since the probe panel was independent, the government may not be able to say when it would produce a report.Justifying the decade-long tenure of the panel in response to a PIL, the government told the court on Thursday that for the past two years the commission had been given extensions because it had been seeking information from the Supreme Court-appointed SIT. The court took up hearing again on the PIL after the commission got nine months more, on the 18th extension.It was also revealed that on February 22 this year, the commission had asked the SIT to produce required material. The panel had said that non-compliance would make it issue a warrant against the SIT. However, the pendency of the issue before the SC resulted in further deferment of proceedings.The government also stated that it would be meaningless to issue any directions to it in relation to the completion of the commission's work.Further hearing of the PIL has been adjourned for two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14476598", "title": "Shisha smoke clouds beach belt", "text": "CALANGUTE: Although it's unlikely to affect the tourism industry in any way, the recent decision of the FDA to ban the use of hookahs in beachside shacks and restaurants has raised eyebrows.According to sources in the tourism industry, all reputed bars, restaurants and nightspots had stopped offering hookahs ever since the Goa government banned smoking in public places.However, many beachside restaurants and shacks had continued to offer the hookah experience to visitors.Hookah smoking is an extra attraction thrown in by shack operators, says Victor Pereira, who runs a shack on the Candolim beach.\"Some guests want to smoke hookah, specially those who come from Mumbai or Delhi on holiday. Guests are happy to smoke the fruit flavoured charcoals. You get different flavours like strawberry, raspberry, apple, mint, etc. We're not putting any drugs in it or anything. The government should allow hookahs. At times when it's a bad season, at least we get some customers who want to smoke hookahs, so we get business. Why should the police crackdown on this?\" he said.John Lobo, general secretary, Shack Owners Welfare Society, who also runs a shack in Baga said, \"Having a hookah or no hookah makes no difference. We're not dependent on hookahs. It's an additional service provided to customers. It's popular with domestic tourists who ask for a hookah, like they ask for a cigarette. When people are relaxing on the beach they get into that kind of mood.\"He also feels that it's not a safe practice. \"I think it's something good that the government is doing by banning the hookahs. There's a Supreme Court order banning hookahs since one year, so there's nothing much we can do about it.\" He, however, admits that there were many shacks providing hookahs to customers during the last season. A Mumbaiite who runs a shack in partnership with a Goan in Baga, speaking to TOI on condition of anonymity, said there was no clear rationale for the ban. \"If it is not harmful, then why should it be banned? Alcohol is more harmful than hookahs. These hookahs don't use any tobacco, but produce fruit-flavoured smoke,\" he said.Speaking about the people who smoke hookahs and the reasons for smoking it, he said, \"Basically it's the girls who enjoy it to feel liberated. It's the enjoyment factor. You have beers and alcohol, great food, great beach, music, why not smoke something enjoyable?\"He added that though the number of tourists may not decline because of this ban, there will still be an effect.\"It will affect the tourists ability to enjoy in the manner that they want. As it is, there is a sound ban after 10 pm and also no alcohol after a certain time. Tomorrow they'll say no alcohol after 10 pm or even after 9pm. The whole feeling of Goa as a holiday spot, the feeling of liberation will be spoilt,\" the businessman said.A Kashmiri handicraft emporium owner, asking not to be named, said that the hookahs on display in his shop are only sold as showpieces.\"You cannot smoke on this. Tourists come here to take back mementos and knick-knacks which they then use as showpieces in their homes,\" he said.Says Ralph D'Souza, spokesperson for the Travel and Tourism Association of Goa, \"Personally, I don't have anything against smoking hookahs. Hookahs are basically used to smoke fruity flavours and not tobacco or drugs. There is no harm if the government allows shacks to offer hookahs to visitors. But if they misuse the permission, if it's a cover for drugs, then they should be severely persecuted.\"Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said, \"We've taken action in the past wherever hookah smoking takes place, because smoking - of any kind - is banned in public places.\" Speaking about the use of hookahs as showpieces, he said, \"Anything which promotes smoking, we are duty-bound to act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14480453", "title": "IBM India likely to give salary hike", "text": "BANGALORE: IBM is likely to give a salary increment to its employees in India next month.Early on Thursday, international media reported about a mail that IBM had sent to employees, saying those in the global technology services (GTS) division would not receive a salary increment this year. However, the mail also said people \"who have high-demand skills\" would receive an increment.Sources within IBM India indicated that \"high-demand skills\" refers, among others, to employees in India. The sources said that the performance assessment exercise had been completed and increments were expected across the organization in India next month. IBM follows a July-June cycle. \"For the best performers, the increment may be in double digits,\" one source said.IBM does not break up its headcount by geography, but it is estimated that the company employs over 1.3 lakh people in India. The company has been an aggressive hirer in India for several years. With several Indian IT companies - the one prominent exception being Infosys Technologies - announcing salary increments earlier this year, it may be difficult for IBM not to follow suit.In an email to employees, Bob Zapfel, general manager in IBM's global technology services, North America , said, \"To balance our ability to remain competitive with the need to invest in people who have high-demand skills, there will not be a broad-based salary program in GTS in 2012. Instead, we will target the 2012 investment to skill groups or focus areas as identified by each GTS line of business, based on local market needs...Our objective is to ensure a competitive labor cost structure while moving aggressively into areas that are strategic to our clients and require innovative solutions.\"GTS is a services division within IBM that helps clients to plan, implement and manage its IT infrastructure.The news about the salary freeze had Big Blue employees venting their anger on Alliance@IBM website, the union representing Big Blue workers. The anger was more so because it had recently asked its employees in the US to sign up for a voluntary retirement programme.The website has employees criticizing IBM for shipping jobs to low-cost destinations like India and Brazil. Alliance@IBM estimates that the US workforce has reduced to 94,000 in 2012, from 133,789 in 2005. Globally, the company employs 4.5 lakh people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "14483861", "title": "Students clash with cops in Bikaner", "text": "BIKANER: Clash between police and student took place again on the premises of Rajasthan University of Veterinary and Animal Science (RUVAS) here on Thursday when the students were agitating under the banner of ABVP.Activists of ABVP and other students of RUVAS were agitating in front of the office of V-C in the morning protesting against the lathicharge and arrest of university students. They were demanding a meeting with V-C A K Gehlot. But when Gehlot came out for a discussion, some students and ABVP activists allegedly misbehaved and attempted to manhandle him.Gehlot immediately returned to his office and called police. The police then stopped the students and the activists who tried to enter the V-C forcefully but ultimately resulted in a clash.Later talking to TOI, Gehlot said issues between the university and its students should not be given any political colour. Some miscreants are misguiding the students and provoking them to go on agitation and to take law into their hands, which is in fact an indiscipline, he said.The vice-chancellor further said the university's doors are always open for peaceful dialogues. On the students' demands, he said they are beyond his powers and to be dealt at the level of UGC, Central and state governments for which necessary proposals have been sent to authorities concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14494711", "title": "Phalke's footsteps in Godhra fading in Godhra", "text": "VADODARA: The Indian film industry is celebrating its centenary year thanks to the father of Indian cinema Dadasaheb Phalke. But at a place where he spent his initial days as a professional behind the camera, albeit a still one, his footprints are fast disappearing and few remember him there today.It was after learning traits of the craft at Kalabhavan in Vadodara where he took admission in 1890 that Dhundhiraj Govind Phalke moved to Godhra to become a professional photographer. It is believed that he stayed here for two years in the late 1890s.Phalke moved out of Godhra after the death of his first wife and child due to plague. He went on to work as a scene painter for drama companies and then as a draftsman and photographer for the of archaeological department Government of India.Elderly residents of the town vaguely recall their parents or grandparents having told them that Phalke had a studio on Gidwani Road better known as Station Road in the town. Kenny Xavier, who has a shop on the street where Phalke is believed to have had his studio, said that his father had told him that a photographer who lived there went on to become a filmmaker. \"The building where the studio was located was brought down to construct Laxmi Cinema. The theatre was burnt in the 1947 riots in the town and now other shops and business establishments have come up there,\" he said.Harish Sheth, who now owns the oldest studio in the town, says that his father Ochhavlal Maganlal had made the studio in 1918. \"But there was another studio in the town before ours and it was called Ambika Studio. I am not sure if it belonged to Phalke,\" Sheth said.Sudhir Surendrarai Desai, a keen follower of important personalities in Godhra and who has written articles on them, said that it was unfortunate that Godhra had forgotten Phalke. \"We know little about his stay in Godhra and those of other personalities connected to the town. Efforts need to be made to keep their memories alive,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14480585", "title": "Robusta coffee prices up by 40%", "text": "CHENNAI: Robusta coffee prices have risen by 40% since January this year and are currently trading at Rs 129 per kg from Rs 92 earlier. India is a leader in the production of robusta coffee, accounting for almost two-third of the total world production.\"Internationally, there is great demand for robusta and the Indian variety is finding favour globally too,\" K Sivakumar, chief operating officer, Fresh &amp; Honest Cafe, a fully-owned subsidiary of Italian coffee major, Lavazza said.\"The ever increasing demand coupled with decline in production of the crop last year on account of insufficient rain has resulted in a price hike. There is a huge demand from exporters as 95% of the robusta parchment produced in India is exported,\" Manoj Jain, president, commodities, IndiaNivesh said.Coffee prices are expected to go northward for some time. The forecast by the Coffee Board of India for the post monsoon season 2011-12 beginning October is placed at 3.2 lakh million tonnes, which has shown a marginal decline of 2,250 million tonnes (0.70%) over the previous blossom estimate of 3,22,250 million tonnes.When compared to the post blossom estimate of 2011-12, the Arabica variety has shown a decline of 800 million tonnes to 1,03,725 million tonnes while robusta has declined by 1,450 million tonnes to 2,16,275 million tonnes. \"Robusta production is forecast slightly lower under the assumption that weather conditions would be normal or average,\" Jain said.\"As the crop is short this year, growers are holding on to their stocks in anticipation of much higher prices at a later stage. The shortage would be more visible by September-October,\" a senior official from Coffee Exporters Association of India said. At the retail level, coffee prices are expected to rise by 10% by year end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14497361", "title": "Manchu Vishnu donated 1 lakh to stunt directors", "text": "Actor Manchu Vishnu, son of actor Mohan Babu, recently donated 1 lakh rupees to AP Cine Stunt Directors &amp; Stunt Artistes Union. Vishnu, who himself is a qualified stunt specialist, enrolled himself with the union to be part of them. The actor's contribution will support the families of the association members, their children's education and health.With many actors performing daredevil stunts, and some actors doing the stunts on their own without using any body double, risks have become an integral part of the fight masters lives. And fight masters put in a lot of effort to ensure that the scene comes out well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14493475", "title": "Dengue fear in twin cities", "text": "HUBLI: Umpteen claims of the authorities on the measures taken to check the spread of epidemics notwithstanding, dengue has once again raised its ugly head in the twin cities. According to sources, the district registered 16 fresh cases of dengue in the past four weeks. However, nothing could change the style of functioning of the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) which seems to be in a slumber despite the fear of dengue outbreak looming large over the twin cities. No steps have been taken to clean the overflowing gutters and dustbins which have become breeding ground for mosquitoes.Absence of proper UGD system in the city has resulted in the stagnation of sewage water on the roads which is leading to mosquito breeding, said Ravi Patted of Ishwarnagar told TOI. \"Civic workers are not coming to our areas to clean the gutters and clear garbage which is posing serious health risks,\" said Shamappa Kubsad, a resident of Ganesh Peth. All's well, say officials However, the officials are in denial mode. They argue that dengue cases are less in Dharwad district when compared with other districts. P N Biradar, HDMC health officer said they are conducting a survey to contain the spread of the disease in both rural and urban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14485163", "title": "Swift\u2019s number found to be Bolero\u2019s", "text": "MOHALI: Mohali Police's trail of three IT professions, who had attacked a district police constable Amandeep Singh near a liquor vend in Kansal, near Chandigarh, has taken a new turn. When cops tried to trace them with the help of their white Swift's registration number, it was found that it was actually a Bolero's number. The number has been registered on a residential address of Fatehabad district, Haryana.Amandeep was thrashed by the three on June 22 and a case of attempt to murder was registered at Nayagaon police station. After the police learned that they were staying in Sector 38, they raided their house, but found that the three had left it around eight months ago.SHO of Nayagaon Gurdeep Singh said, \"The police team was shocked to find that it was not Swift but Bolero's number. It is of a Fatehabad resident.\" No one was found at the Fatehabad house when a team went there on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14481149", "title": "'Corporal punishment rampant in schools'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Corporal punishment meted out by the principal of a private school in Noorkhan Bazaar on Wednesday has activists in the Old City crying foul over such practice and questioning its effectiveness. Also, as it turns out, the case of corporal punishment registered after Wednesday's incident was not the first such case recorded against Sam British High School.About two years ago, an LKG student was locked up in a classroom after some children complained that he was lighting a matchbox on the school premises. A case was then registered against the school with the Dabeerpura police station. Plastering the mouths of students found talking to each other also turned out to be a common practice at the school albeit for not more than 15 to 20 minutes.Taking note of the incident, the fifth additional metropolitan magistrate of Malakpet juvenile court issued show cause notice to the school management demanding to know why action should not be taken against them.Police officials who conducted an enquiry at the school on Thursday told TOI that they recorded statements of six other students and established that the incident had indeed taken place. They added that action will be taken after the enquiry.Syeda Sadaf Fatima, who was allegedly gagged with an adhesive tape for about four hours on Wednesday, was back to school on Thursday. The education department officials too landed up in the school seeking an explanation from the school authorities and sought a report in connection with the gagging incident.However, Rafia Nausheen, of Mahita, an NGO that works with adolescent girls in the Old City mainly in the field of education, says that corporal punishment is being practiced in different forms by teachers and is rampant across many schools. She blamed the attitude of several parents who have a mindset that learning is not possible without a beating. \"Children are made to squat on the floor and hold their ears, caned on the knuckles or made to run around with their hefty bags. Even if they are late to school, they are made to stand outside or caned. Teachers reason that at times it becomes difficult to handle children and they resort to such atrocities. It is happening everywhere,\" says Nausheen. Even if school fee is not paid, children are sent back home when it is not their fault, she adds.While children are beaten up even in the government schools, it is not so intense for the sole reason that teachers here are worried about losing their jobs. In fact several surveys conducted by NGOs have revealed that one of the many reasons for children, especially boys, dropping out of schools is corporal punishment. \"When they go home and inform parents, many take it casually and are disinterested. Children subsequently drop out of the school and become child labourers,\" says an activist.Businessman Syed Wajid Ali Razvi whose grandson was locked up in a classroom two years ago in the same school rues that the school authorities had punished his grandson without any credible proof. \"How can an LKG student have a match box? Though the school authorities later apologized but we shifted our children to another school. Punishment should not be so harsh. This way, the child will not learn but instead become stubborn,\" says Razvi. Meanwhile, the girl's father Syed Mujtaba said that he will continue teaching his daughter in the same school. \"Academic year has started. My three daughters have studied in the school. This is the first time they have done this to my daughter. The police inquiry will continue,\" said Mujtaba.Aditya Mohan of Balala Hakkula Sangam urged the need for a State Child Rights Commission. \"Such incidents have become routine. School managements want money but are least bothered about students,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14494324", "title": "Give driving license at 21: Mother of teenager killed in accident", "text": "MUMBAI: 17-year-old Divya Surti of Tilak College in Vashi, was like any other outgoing teenager, excited about her board exam results and career prospects. However, Divya could not have possibly collected her HSC marksheet as she got killed in a motorcycle accident on Palm Beach Road recently.Her friend who was riding the bike without a helmet was also killed as his Yamaha bike had fatally hit the divider, near NRI Colony on April 29.Divya's heartbroken mother, Neema Vijay Surti, said in an interview: \"She (Divya) was in the commerce stream, most of her friends were passionate bikers. Some of them had earlier fractured their legs and hands while riding in Navi Mumbai.\"With a serious note of concern, the mother said: \"I appeal to the state government to increase the minimum age for driving cars and motorcycles from 18 to 21 years. I feel that at 18, youngsters are not mature enough to drive responsibly, and seem to be thrilled in driving at high speeds. So many fatal accidents involving youngsters below 20 have taken place.\"In fact, in the earlier fatal car crash that killed four youngsters on Palm Beach Road in December 2011, one of the deceased was the brother of Divya's close college friend.Recalling that fateful Sunday (April 29), Neema Surti said: \"That evening my daughter (Divya) had casually left home as she had to attend a birthday party of one of her friends. The accident occurred at around 8.30 pm while her friend was dropping her back home on his bike. I could not even properly tell her goodbye.\"Neema has also urged the authorities to take stern action against those youngsters who somehow managed to acquire a license even before their reach the age of 18 years.Reportedly, there is a thriving racket in various parts of the country, and not just Mumbai region, where touts somehow help youngsters acquire driving licenses without proper documents or formalities.These very youngsters become a danger to themselves and others as they excitedly zip ahead at high speeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14477082", "title": "Producer ordered to give alimony", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been directed to pay a monthly alimony of Rs 33,000 to his estranged wife by a trial court, which assessed his \"humongous\" income from the fact that he was being treated by a renowned doctor who also treats the President of India.The man, a TV serial producer-cum-director, had opposed his wife's plea for maintenance contending that he is suffering from various ailments including liver cancer, hernia and thyroid and is unable to work since 2003. His argument, however, backfired when the court noted from the doctor's prescription, submitted by him, that he was being treated by Dr Harsh Mahajan, the honorary radiologist to the President.Noting that getting his treatment done by a renowned doctor indicated his \"financial status\", the court said, \"It is further pertinent to mention that the prescription is dated March 14, 2009 on which date the respondent has alleged that he was not working. When he was not working, how can he approach such a renowned doctor for his diagnosis.\"\"It is difficult to understand as to from where the respondent has collected so much of funds so as to get such an expensive treatment and that too from a private centre and such a reputed doctor,\" metropolitan magistrate Vandana Jain added.The court said \"from the pleadings it cannot be denied that he must be earning humongous amount so as to arrange funds for getting his treatment done\".\"In these circumstances and keeping in view the status as well as the nature of work, he was doing earlier after deducting the medical expenses which he must be incurring from his income is assessed to be Rs 1 lakh per month. \"Respondent is directed to pay Rs 33,000 per month to the complainant from the date of filing the present petition till its disposal,\" the court said.The woman had moved the court seeking Rs 50,000 as maintenance contending that he is \"a man of means\" and is \"financially well off\". She had contended that her husband was the owner of a firm involved in production of films, telefilms, telealbums, etc. She alleged that her estranged husband was earning a good amount from various properties he owned in Delhi and J&amp;K.;The plea was opposed by the man on the ground that he was suffering from various disease and \"is not competent to do any work\" and hence was not earning anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14482038", "title": "UP health scam: HC refuses interim relief to Pradeep Shukla", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Thursday refused to grant interim relief to IAS officer and former director of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) Pradeep Shukla in the multi-crore NRHM scam case.Granting 10 days' time to the CBI for filing counter-affidavit on a writ petition filed by Shukla, the HC bench, comprising Justice Ravindra Singh and Justice Anurag Kumar, turned down the plea of the petitioner's counsel that since he (petitioner) was arrested in one case and was in judicial custody in connection with the NRHM scam in UP, he may not be arrested in other cases registered against him in the same scam.The bench passed this order on the writ petition seeking quashing of FIRs lodged against him in connection with the NRHM scam and also seeking interim relief on his arrest in other cases.The bench directed authorities concerned not to submit the police report concluding the investigation till July 13, the next date of hearing in this case, to the court concerned. The main argument of the petitioner's counsel in the court was that as the petitioner is a senior IAS officer under Section 6 A of the Delhi Police Establishment Act 1946 no inquiry or investigation could be made without obtaining approval from the competent authority under the aforesaid act.Shukla was former director of NRHM and principal secretary, medical &amp; health in UP and was arrested and taken in judicial custody in multi-crore NRHM scam.The Rs 5700 crore NRHM scam came to light after the murder of two chief medical officers (CMO) in Lucknow in April 2011. Later, deputy CMO Dr YS Sachan, accused in the murder case, was found dead in mysterious circumstances in the Lucknow jail. In July 2011, on a public interest litigation, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court ordered CBI inquiry into the scam as well as murders. So far over 15 persons have been arrested in connection with scam.Shukla was arrested on May 10, 2012 for his alleged involvement in the NRHM scam. He was mission director of NRHM and principal secretary health and family welfare from February 2009 till April 2011, the period during which the scam allegedly took place. Shukla, a 1981-batch IAS officer, has been named in three FIRs lodged about the case on January 19 earlier this year.At present, he is under judicial custody in connection with FIR which refers to alleged criminal conspiracy among officials of the Department of Health and Family Welfare, UP government, officers of UP Processing &amp; Construction Cooperative Federation Ltd (PACCFED) and directors of three private firms based at Moradabad and Gajraula in UP. This FIR deals with contracts awarded to upgrade 89 district-level hospitals at an estimated cost of Rs 89 crore. There are two more FIRs in which he has been named. His counsel was seeking relief in these FIRs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14478045", "title": "Short-staffed police force recruits 50 trainees for night duty", "text": "GURGAON: Shortage of staff has led the state police to recruit 50 under-training constables for night duty. They have mostly been deployed with PCR for vigilant patrolling.\"We have also sent a proposal to declare Gurgaon a mega city, because after the declaration, state police will get more fund from the central government. Our main focus is on Gurgaon as the requirements are highere there. Thus we are recruiting staff from Police Recruit Training Centre (PRTC), Bhondsi,\" DGP Ranjiv Dalal said.In Gurgaon, total sanctioned posts in police is around 4,822 but at present there are around 3,413 cops working.Police officials also admit that there is a need to increase the number of senior police staff in the city that would help in better policing.In May 2012, around 100 women constables joined the city police team with the aim of making Gurgaon safer for women.DGP has also announced that around 1,000 constables will be joining the team by August. He also said that Gurgaon will also have a full-fledged commando battalion to deal with terrorist activities soon.\"They are very helpful and our senior officers have also trained them about the job practically,\" said K K Sindhu, Commissioner of police, Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14485321", "title": "At last, Animal Park will open in August", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city's first Animal Park coming up in Sector 49 is still not ready. With work going behind schedule, now it's slated to be inaugurated in August. The park was proposed in 2010 and in the same year the construction started. The park was initially scheduled to be inaugurated in December 2011, but was postponed till March 2012.Spread over 7 acres of land, the park shows the evolution of nature which is divided into five categories namely, Temperate, Forest, Grassland, Desert and Aqua. Animals and plants related to each category will be shown starting from the 30 foot tall four dinosaurs', elephants, fishes and other creatures.Councillor Harphool Chander Kalyan said, \"I was not satisfied with the work so I met the MC commissioner V P Singh to apprise him of the situation. The commissioner even paid a visit to the park and assured that the work will be completed soon. Earlier too, the inauguration of the park has been stalled twice.\"Sub divisional engineer Ajay Garg said, \"The park could not complete in time due to a variety of reasons, which include elections, scarcity of raw material and water.\" He too assured that work would be completed soon.Resident of Sector-49 Sudha Mehta said, \"For the past two years me and my children have been looking forward to the inauguration of the park. I guess by the time the park actually comes up, my children will lose interest.\"In order to speed up work, area councillor Kalyan met the municipal corporation officials, but to no avail. The park is being developed at a cost of Rs 2.5 crore, which includes Rs 1 crore, 40 lakh provided by the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14477017", "title": "Social worker demands action against deputy mayor", "text": "AKOLA: A social worker Irshad Hussain Mohd Yasin is on indefinite fast since Wednesday in front of the district collectorate to protest the continuance of Rafique Siddique as deputy mayor of Akola Municipal Corporation. Yasin says Siddique submitted a bogus caste validity certificate.Yasin alleged that the divisional caste validity verification committee is not taking any action against Rafique. He also demanded that the committee should be prosecuted for sparing Rafique.Surprisingly, the certificate notes that Rafique's father died in 1923 and that Rafique was born in 1968. The most astonishing fact is that his elder brother Mohd. Razzak Siddique, born on June 12, 1945, is shown as dead even though he is alive today.Yasin also demanded that the Caste Verification Certificate issued to Rafique be cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14495784", "title": "Kajal Agarwal gets a break from shooting", "text": "Paired opposite Kollywood star Surya, gorgeous actress Kajal Agarwal is currently busy shooting in the U.S. for her upcoming bilingual movie \" Maatran\". However, the actress got the much needed break from her itinerary as her current shooting schedule has been canceled.Reports say that the shooting of \"Maatran\" was supposed to start from June 22 but director KV Anand had to push back the shooting since the locations he finalized were not ready for shooting and the crew was not prepared either. As a result, KV had to cancel the schedule and the unit will resume shooting after 10 days.Perhaps these unscheduled breaks could give Kajal a reprieve as she's busy shooting for 5 big ticket films in Telugu and Tamil. Kajal will be heading back to Mumbai and after a good rest; she will join the \"Maatran\" team. Harris Jayaraj is composing the music for this film, which is produced by Kalpathi S. Aghoram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14478652", "title": "Minor girl gang raped by four youths", "text": "GONDIA: Four youths have been booked by Amgaon police for raping a minor girl recently. The incident took place on June 24 and the girl, a student of Kawarabandh High School in Amgaon tehsil, claimed before police that she knows one youth.The girl claimed that the youths had given her some tranquiliser and she was unconscious for nearly 70 hours. Also there was some inconsistency in her statements which has out both police and medical staff is a fix.According to police sources, the girl who appeared a student was found lying on Jaawari Railway Gate of Amgaon tehsil on June 24{+ }in unconscious state. Some body reported the matter to a police patil who in turn informed Amgaon police and took her to rural medical centre of Amgaon. Looking at her deteriorating condition she was referred to Bai Ganagabai Hospital in Gondia where she gained sense late in the night of June 26.According to medical staff, the girl had told them that she belonged to Rajunagar in Nagpur. But in her statement given to the police she said that she is resident of Mohatola village in Salekasa tehsil and student of Kawarabandh High School. On the fateful day she was going to Binzli village to consult one of her classmates about exam results.On Kawarabandh road she came across four youths who were on two motorcycles. They tried to misbehave with her. When she resisted one of the youths took out his handkerchief and pressed it on her nose for quite some time till she became unconscious. When she recovered she was in the hospital. There was severe pain in her body. She claimed that she knew one of those four youths.\"As per rules in a rape case the medical examination has to be conducted within 24 hours after the incident, but in this case the girl was not conscious when she was brought here. Her recovery was our top priority. The medical examination could be done after that and after an official complaint of rape is lodged,\" doctors said.Salekasa Poilice has registered an offence in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14494790", "title": "Chennai Corporation cancels online bookings of wedding halls", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation has withrawn the online facility to book marriage and community halls through the corporation's official website.People who now want to make a booking have to go to Ripon Buildings and approach the marriage hall wing. They will have to submit photographs of the bride and the groom along with their house address, address proof and phone number. The advance has to be paid to the revenue office.The corporation marriage and community halls charge Rs 2,000 to Rs 6,000 for a 24-hour function, while private halls collect more than Rs 1 lakh, which is not affordable to many people. The civic body owns 52 such halls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14484615", "title": "SC healthcare nod a pre-poll boost for Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US supreme court on Thursday upheld the so-called Obamacare law that broadly requires all Americans to mandatorily buy health insurance. The court decision, by a narrow 5-4 margin, is seen as an epic political victory for President Obama, who had staked his second term, and perhaps his legacy, on the hot button issue.The narrow ruling rode on the swing vote of Chief Justice John Roberts, who departed from the group of conservative justices to join the four liberals on the bench and give Obama a massive political boost. While Democrats rejoiced in passing the supreme legal hurdle, conservative Republicans , who believe it is not the government's business to regulate or impose healthcare, are also galvanized to challenge it at the polls.Republican presidential challenger Mitt Romney has said his first act if he gets to the White House will be to trash Obamacare. So the debate will not die down and the wrangling will not go away. It just moves from the august confines of the SC to the campaign trail.But for now, President Obama stood vindicated in pushing through, at great risk and expending much political capital, a landmark health care legislation that is seen to challenge decades of private sector profiteering with government-driven regulations. At the heart of the law is the requirement that all Americans need to buy health insurance meeting minimum federal standards, failing which they could be punished with fines. The argument made here was that if everyone buys health coverage, then it spreads out the burden.The key provision in the law, known as \"individual mandate\" was challenged by 26 states which considered it unconstitutional, and broadly argued that if the government could force people to buy health insurance, then it could compel them to buy almost anything, from healthy vegetables to clean, fuel-efficient vehicles. An example most often cited, including in arguments before SC, was broccoli , on grounds that it was a health-promoting vegetable.Although SC ruled that the mandate is unconstitutional under the Constitution's commerce clause, it said it can stay as part of Congress's power under a taxing clause. In other words, the court ruled that the penalty that the government proposed for those without insurance can be regarded as a tax \u2014 the government can tax people for not having health insurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14493728", "title": "Woman jailed in cheque bouncing case", "text": "KANPUR: Special metropolitan magistrate J P Agarwal, on Thursday, convicted a woman in a cheque bouncing case and punished her with six months of imprisonment and a fine of Rs 1.74 lakh.The magistrate rejected the plea of defence counsel that accused was a woman and she should not be send to the jail. Swaraj Ali had filed a case under Section 138 of Negotiable Instrument Act against Shashi Prabha. The complainant said that he had sold his shop with goods to Shashi Prabha for Rs 1.32 lakh. The purchaser had given him a cheque of Rs 87,000 and had paid remaining amount in cash.The said cheque bounced when he presented it for encashment. When Shashi Prabha failed to pay cheque amount after receiving the notice, Swaraj Ali filed a case against her in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14491766", "title": "New DAVV VC assumes charge, discusses priorities", "text": "INDORE: \"I would strive to improve the academic calendar and ensure that the university gets 'A' grade when the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) inspection team visits the campus next,\" said the new vice-chancellor of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV), Professor DP Singh.He was addressing the journalists after taking the charge on Thursday. He emphasized on promoting research activities in all the departments, and stressed that reforms in exam department and the issues related to environment, human values and public welfare will be on his agenda.Singh said, \"Time has changed and we require talented youth who have blend of Indian values and globalised approach. This can be achieved only with quality education. I will work carefully to handle the issues related to the varsity, and at the same time, ensure that the students' benefits are not hindered.\"I work with a sense of belongingness and urge my colleagues to follow the same, added Singh.Sharing his stint at Banaras Hindu University (BHU), Singh said that we will try to get the tag of university with potential for excellence for DAVV in coming time. This will ensure a sanction of Rs 50 crore, which will be utilised to upgrade infrastructure and research and development in the varsity.He also felt the need for organizing seminars, encouraging collaboration with foreign counterparts and conducting workshops to provide exposure to the students.Focusing on the environmental issues, which are also his area of interest, Singh announced to develop eco-friendly DAVV campus. He emphasized to make environment calendar of varsity.\"Not limiting celebrations to just World Environment Day, we will have series of activities whole year to make an eco-friendly campus,\" said Singh.Over deteriorating and derailed administration, bureaucracy and protests of employees and students at DAVV, Singh said, \"I have handled similar problems before. I will deal with all these issues tactfully and ensure a clean and clear administration.\"Priorities and planningA-grade rating for varsityEstablish at least one UN centre on campus in two-three years' time for global education and enhance exposureImprove ranking through participating in various media surveysYear-long celebrations to mark the Golden Jubilee of varsity. Cultural programmes, symposium on agendaGet maximum sanction under 12th five year plan of UGCSet up a complaint box and act. To listen to the problems through emailEncourage collaboration with counterpart universities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "14478188", "title": "Warning to 10 Bawanthadi project-affected persons", "text": "BHANDARA: The last group of 10 project-affected persons of Bawanthadi interstate irrigation project was given an ultimatum to leave village Susurdoha which comes under the submergence area and shift to a new gaothan by June 30. If they fail, they would be forcibly shifted.District collector Pradeep Kalbhor said a team of officials had gone to Susurdoha to convince them. A camp was also organized at village Garra-Bagheda on Wednesday to assist the PAPs solve their problems.8 PAPs were given Rs 13 lakh as rehabilitation. The MSEB has given electricity connections to 50 applicants under BPL category. The other applicants will be provided electricity in two days. The remaining compensation amount will be given after the people shift to the new township.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14498214", "title": "Allari Naresh teams up with G Nageshwar Reddy", "text": "'Comedy King' Allari Naresh is once again all set to team up with director G Nageshwar Reddy. The actor, who celebrates his birthday tomorrow (June 30), revealed that he would once again work with director G Nageshwar Reddy. Producer Ammiraju, a close friend of the actor is brining this combination together.Earlier Naresh and G Nageshwar Reddy delivered successful movies like \"Seema Shastry\" and \"Seema Tapakayi\" and the pair is teaming up for the third time. So let's hope another entertainer is on the cards. Allari Naresh is currently working for \" Sudigaadu\" and \"Nela Takkuvodu\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14491534", "title": "For pre-school draft panel members, Bhimbetka is priority", "text": "BHOPAL: An exercise to take stock of the ground realities in the schools gave way to the urge to visit the tourist spot midway. The members of the pre-school education drafting committee on Tuesday were on the assignment to evaluate the ground realities of education in Bhopal and Raisen districts.After visiting one school, they reportedly decided to wind up the assignment and make a trip to Bhimbetka, a must-see tourist spot some 45 km from the state capital. Other schools could wait, they might have thought. Everything had to be wrapped up by lunch hour as the team had an evening flight to catch, which needed a two-hour preparation.An official, who accompanied the team, said, \"The team was scheduled to visit Deepshikha School and Rajendra Nagar School initially. But they took a while at Deepshikha School and hence, there was no time left for the latter as they had Bhimbetka in their itinerary.\"He added, \"On the way, they came across a school near Obaidullahganj in Raisen district called Nayapura Mewati, they decided to make a sudden visit there since it was on their way.\"According to sources, the draft committee team was displeased at the attitude of the teachers at the Deepshikha School. They were of the opinion that the teachers should simplify their teaching methods rather than adopting high-end methods.Contrarily an official said, \"The team was appreciative of the activity-based learning method (ABL) adopted at Deepshikha School. They found it effective. While in Nayapura Mewati, which is a non ABL school, they opined that ABL should be introduced at the earliest.\"The members formally attended the class with students of Deepshikha School in Bhopal. They talked to children and teachers besides observing the teaching process closely. They said that they would include this experience the draft for pre-school education.The team comprised Meena Swaminathan, Vineeta Kaul, Anni Kojhi and Prof Savita Kaushal. Interestingly, state school education minister Archana Chitnis, who is the chairman of the pre-school education drafting committee, was holding a meeting at the Mantralaya with senior department officials when they were watching the rock paintings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14495958", "title": "Person rescued from well after four days", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nathan Mansa was rescued by the villagers of Amirgadh Taluka four days after he fell in the well.The villagers were alerted by a woman after she heard his calls for rescue.Police said Mansa, went missing since Monday and the family could not trace him.On Thursday evening, after hearing rescue calls from a well, a woman saw a man in the well.She immediately called the villagers who rescued the person. The person was rushed to the nearby hospital where he was thoroughly examined and was found to be in good health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14478737", "title": "BMW crash case: Supporters plan another candlelight vigil on July 7", "text": "GURGAON: Seeking justice for BMW accident victim Kshama Chopra Shetye, the Facebook group \u2014 Justice for Kshama and Shailesh Shetye \u2014 has planned another candlelight vigil on July 7. Earlier, the same group had organized candlelight vigils in Gurgaon on May 17 and in Goa on May 19.Through a recent Facebook post, the group has sought answers on several \"unanswered\" aspects into the case \u2014 status of investigation, result of the DNA test and what authorities are doing about the driver not submitting his driving licence.The post states, \"It's over 50 days now and we have before us several unanswered questions... We are also looking to connect with victims of similar cases who continue to fight for justice. We hope this (vigil) will help us achieve the two causes \u2014 justice for the victims and greater awareness and stronger laws which will act as deterrents against rash driving.\"The group further stated, \"We also hope this incident will be an eye opener for the authorities for enactment of stricter laws against rash driving. More importantly, we also hope that people drive responsibly, realizing the extent of irreparable damage that can be done, it reads. Since the launch of Facebook group two months back, over 33,000 members have joined it showing their support.While the next hearing is fixed for the August 1, the charge sheet is currently under preparation. Hence, we are planning another vigil where we want to put forth these vital questions before the authorities and ensure that the investigation is carried out in a totally fair, transparent and prompt manner, wrote Boris Gonsalves, the author of the post. This accident also took away Indigo car driver Sanjay Gulati, the sole earning member of his family and he is survived by wife and school going son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14494703", "title": "Town observes closure to please rain god", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Yet another example of superstition has come to light. Rajula town in Amreli district. After marrying frogs taking our funeral procession of alive men and performing havan sitting in water ports, this small town observed a total bandh.As one walked down the lanes of this town, he would get a feeling as if there was some tension in the village. Infact the village had ob-served a bandh to invoke rain God. All traders and businessmen stayed away from their work and joined yagna event in campus of Kumbhanath mandir for good rain this monsoon.\"As per the tradition, when rain is delayed or insufficient, we per-form Parjanya yagna ceremony and shut down entire town for a day. In past we have experienced good results,\" said a traders from the town. He said whenever such yagna are performed at the temple within the next couple of day there is good rainfall in the town and the region. He said that the tradition is a being performed for over 100 years now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14485106", "title": "Outsider \u2018poster boys\u2019 have PU in a quandary", "text": "CHANDIGARH: 'Poster boys' continue to give Panjab University a difficult time.After blemishing the university in every nook and corner, many posters have put its authorities in a fix. For, these carry photographs of hard-to-trace outsiders, who are portrayed as student political parties' senior leaders. These outsiders, many of whom had been involved in various violent incidents on campus, usually visit the university around elections.Pasting of posters at places other than those designated for these is an offence under the West Bengal Prevention of Defacement of Property Act, 1976. Amrik Singh Ahluwalia, dean students' welfare ( DSW), said, \"It is a serious issue as some student political parties are using the photographs of old students or of those who are not PU students. It is illegal. As the person in the photograph is an outsider, we cannot track him.\"\"If any party is found involved in such activities, then action will be taken against it under the defacement act. And if any student is found guilty, then he will be debarred from contesting the polls,\" Ahluwalia added.Panjab University students' council elections are expected to be held in the first week of September. Chandigarh Police had on Tuesday book five PU student leaders and arrested one of them for defacing public property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14478500", "title": "Passport Kendra a failure: Officials", "text": "KOLKATA: Passport employees found severe glitches in the current system of Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) leading to harassment of passport applicants. The first and foremost problem, according to them, is making the entire process online, when the computer illiteracy in India is pervasive. \"Ideally, 85% applications should be walk-in, and 15% online. This would have been a realistic approach, taking into consideration the huge digital divide in our country,\" said joint convener, joint committee, All India Passport Employees Association and All India Passport Officers Association, T K Venugopalan.\"At the time of the start of PSK in May 2010, it was told that the maximum time a passport applicant would require to spend at PSK is 45 minutes. But that is far from the reality. Any visit to a PSK revealed that the serpentine queue is endless and much worse than the queues we used to find at regional passport offices,\" said an officer.The passport organization issued more than 60 lakh passports during 2008, 2009 and 2010 with less than two thousand employees, prior to the inception of new system of PSK. With the new system, the number of personnel swelled to 5,000 from TCS and 2000 passport employees at the back office. But the number of issuance remained almost the same, leaving the pending demand at an unaltered level. \"So, where does PSK bring change?\" asked passport officials.The joint committee alleged that there is an increasing trend of shrugging off the responsibility by the TCS officials by describing themselves as service providers.\"In fact, TCS has absolute control over eight functions of passport issuance system. The functions include appointment to submit forms, issuing of tokens, giving overriding priority to any token, acceptance of application and documents, acceptance of passport fees, processing of passport application and to push it to the desk of government servants, complete functional control of software of passport issuance system,\" said Venugopalan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480358", "title": "National Advisory Council to get two new members in Shah, Mondal", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA is likely to appoint Planning Commission member Mihir Shah and Ashis Mondal, founding director of the Madhya Pradesh-based NGO, Action for Social Advancement (ASA), as members of the Sonia Gandhi-led National Advisory Council (NAC).They will be drafted in as replacement for the four members \u2014 M S Swaminathan , Harsh Mander, Madhav Gadgil and Jean Dreze \u2014 who have been dropped from the panel as reported by TOI on Thursday. The four have been officially informed of the government's move.Shah has pushed the agenda for reforms on water and rural development within the Planning Commission. He has been advocating strongly within the government for a new regulatory regime for groundwater usage, industrial use of water as well as community managed irrigation command mechanism.Mondal, too, has a background in rural development and natural resource management. He has worked in MP on livelihoods and agriculture, running an NGO that has more than 200 employees.The government would be hoping that the NAC works in closer synergy with the UPA, and provide a clutch of actions that can deliver political goodwill over the next two years, which the Congress it can reap benefits from in the 2014 general elections.The big-ticket programmes that NAC had channeled into the system like the National Food Security Bill, Communal Violence Bill and the Land Acquisition Bill have all got mired in controversy and locked at various levels within the government or Parliament. While the government is keen to bring a finalized Land Acquisition Bill in the monsoon session of Parliament, it is an uphill task considering divergent views within the Congress, and more problematically that of the allies like the Trinamool Congress .The NAC had delivered three large legislative parcels for UPA to package before public showcasing its aam aadmi image in its first term - the Right to Information Act (RTI), the rural employment guarantee Act and the Forest Rights Act. Some observers suggest that both the RTI and the rural employment guarantee Act were relatively easier to implement as they were not hampering or over-writing any existing interests, but instead creating new regimes. The Forest Rights Act largely failed to take off because of its conflict with entrenched existing interests.Similar lack of clarity within the UPA to push for overhaul of views within the administrative structures of the government on issues like public distribution system has left NAC radical measures like the food security Bill and the land acquisition Bill in a limbo.Observers would keenly watch if the NAC continues to oversee the micro details of their recommendations or changes tack to only make wider policy prescriptions that the government then turns into a regulatory regime. So far, the NAC has been deeply involved in sketching finer details and drafting bills for the policy changes it has recommended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "14498867", "title": "Twitter plans to censor tweets: Report", "text": "SYDNEY: Popular micro blogging platform Twitter has planned to introduce measures to reduce the visibility of hate speech on the website, according to a report.According to the firm's Chief Executive Dick Costolo , one solution would be to hide tweets from dubious accounts.\"One solution would be to hide from users' reply page tweets from individuals that are not seen as authoritative,\" Costolo explained.These would include users with no followers, no biographical information and no profile picture who just posted abuse on other people's timelines, The Herald Sun reports.According to a FT.com report, Costolo also admitted this move could diminish the democratic nature of the site.He also said that the new move was not necessarily in line with the company mantra that 'tweets must flow'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480761", "title": "Body stuffed in drum found", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police found the body of a physically-challenged man from a drum at FCI Colony, Vanasthalipuram, on Thursday. The body was stuffed in a closed drum and sealed with tape. Cops suspect the 30-year-old victim was murdered somewhere else. Vanasthalipuram inspector B Ravinder Reddy said the body was first noticed by ragpickers. As a foul smell was emanating from the drum, they opened the lid and found the body, he added. Police reached the spot and removed the body which bore multiple stab injuries.\"The victim was physically-challenged. He had a Jaipur foot as his right leg. Seven stab injuries were found on his body,\" Ravinder Reddy said. Police recovered a sari and the artificial leg from the drum.According to the police, the murder might have taken place on Wednesday night. \"The murder took place at some other place and the drum was left near a dumpyard in FCI Colony,\" police said.A case was registered under section 302 (Murder) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14480462", "title": "As rupee falls, IT companies under pressure to cut prices", "text": "BANGALORE: Indian IT companies are coming under pressure from clients to renegotiate rates downwards for older projects and drop rates for new ones, given the gains that the vendors are making from the sharp drop in the rupee value against the dollar.Contract values are typically in dollars and those that were signed when the rupee was at, say, 45 to the dollar in August last year, would today deliver 26% higher revenues in rupees to Indian vendors, given that the rupee has fallen to that extent since then.\"Many global tech buyers are watching the day-to-day drop in the Indian rupee. Some already have asked for a 'cut' from the rupee windfall,\" said the CFO of a leading IT company who did not want to be named because his company is in the silent period ahead of its June quarter results. He said it would be tough for IT companies to resist such demands. \"Some IT companies may be willing to share a part of the gains,\" he said.The CEO of a mid-sized IT firm said the buyers were asking for a share in the rupee gains because many of them were in deep trouble themselves on account of the slowdown/recession in Western markets. \"If we don't give them a cut, they may not renew the contract or move to another vendor,'' he said.Analysts also believe customers would put pressure on tech vendors to drop prices and renegotiate contracts. Pradeep Udhas, executive director in consultancy firm KPMG, says this could pose a new challenge for tech firms. But he also says many of the vendors may be able to resist this demand by pinning their arguments on inflation.Inflation in India has for long been close to double digits, leading to all-round increase in costs, including for the IT vendors for whom much of the costs are in rupees. So the benefit from the rupee fall would be reduced to that extent, and the profit gains would not be as significant as the revenue gains.Hari Rajagopalachari, leader for the technology sector in consultancy firm PwC India, says the fundamental reason for the fall in the rupee is hyperinflation in India. \"So the advantage we get from rupee depreciation will get neutralized in high inflation. Indian tech providers may well argue their case of inflation if they are asked to share their profitability with clients,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14483560", "title": "Man caught smuggling tortoises at Trichy airport", "text": "TRICHY: As many as 300 Indian star tortoises were confiscated by the Trichy Customs when a Chennai-based man, Mohammad Rafiyudin, tried to check-in on an Air Lanka (UL132) flight bound for Colombo on Thursday. Rafiyudin had come to the airport as early as 6.45 am to board the flight, scheduled to take off at 9.45 am. This is the first time star tortoises were captured at the Trichy airport. The live creatures command a premium price in the international market and had been packed in six different cartons of 50 each.An air intelligence officer said a coterie tried to transport the creatures through Chennai airport first, but as the security was considered impenetrable, they changed their mind. The tortoises were couriered to Trichy by road, and then the carrier, Rafiyudin, tried to reach his final destination of Kuala Lumpur via Colombo.Air intelligence sources had some vague idea that some contraband would be checked in through Trichy airport, but were not sure of what the consignment was, nor the date of the covert operation. Anyway, they increased regular surveillance right from the entry gate. Meanwhile, the airline security itself doubted the package, and soon it was referred to the Customs at the intervention of the Air Intelligence. A source said the carrier may have entered into some tacit understanding with low-rung officers, and as such he had come to check in about three hours prior to take-off.Assistant Commissioner of Customs Parasivamurthy told TOI that the vegetarian tortoises were originally from Indian forests and not the ocean. The star tortoises are illicitly transported overseas as they are believed to contain medicinal value, Parasivamurthy said. As for the value of it, he said no price tag could be attached to animals, but they commanded a huge price in the Western markets. The star tortoise could live for as long as a week without food or water.Mohammad Rafiyudin was later handed over to the forest department. District forest officer and wildlife warden Saravana Kumar said the carrier was booked under the Wildlife Act, 1972, and would be produced in court on Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14497129", "title": "Govt holds peace talks with ULFA", "text": "NEW DELHI: In its efforts to bring lasting peace in Assam, the Centre on Friday held talks with ULFA and discussed the group's demands to find a permanent solution to the three-decade-old insurgency in the Northeastern state.Top government officials led by Union home secretary RK Singh held the dialogue with the six-member ULFA delegation, led by its 'chairman' Arabinda Rajkhowa, and discussed the outfit's 'charter of demands'.\"The meeting with ULFA leaders was fruitful. We discussed the 12-point charter of demands,\" Singh said after the meeting which was also attended by representatives of Assam government and the Centre's interlocutor P C Halder.During the two-hour-long talks, both sides discussed observance of ground rules for ceasefire signed by both sides, surrender of arms and ammunition and total halt of operations by security forces against the pro-talk faction, home ministry sources said.Rajkhowa said they have also raised the issue of illegal immigration, constitutional safeguard to the indigenous people of Assam and permanent solution to the flood problem.In the 'charter of demands', the outfit sought amendment in the Constitution for finding \"meaningful\" ways to protect the rights and identity of the indigenous people of Assam.Sources said the ULFA team sought the government's help to bring back its 'general secretary' Anup Chetia, who is in a Dhaka jail. They also sought the Centre's nod to travel to Bangladesh to meet the jailed colleague.Other demands of the group include discussion on grounds for \"ULFA's struggle and their genuineness\", status report on missing ULFA leaders and cadres numbering around 50, including those missing since 2005 when Bhutan government had conducted offensives, and other socio-economic issues.The ULFA has entered into formal peace talks with the government after a 32-year-old violent insurgency movement. On September 3, 2011, the group signed the Suspension of Operation pact with the government.Rajkhowa led an eight-member team during introductory talks with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Chidambaram in February, 2011.ULFA's elusive 'commander-in-chief' Paresh Baruah is still opposed to any dialogue with the government till 'sovereignty' issue is not on the table.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14493422", "title": "It's ethical to buy rights of 'Golmaal': Ajay Devgn", "text": "Actor-producer Ajay Devgn has said though his latest movie 'Bol Bachchan', inspired by 70s comic film 'Golmaal', does not bear much similarity with the original, the decision to buy its rights was ethical.Directed by Rohit Shetty , Bol Bachchan is a romantic comedy inspired by the 1979 comic flick Golmaal , which was directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee and starred Amol Palekar, Utpal Dutt, Bindiya Goswami and Dina Pathak in pivotal roles.\"Initially a lot of people said that there is no need to buy the rights of Golmaal, but I believed that if you are inspired by a film, it is ethical to buy the rights,\" Ajay told PTI.\"As the film has inspired us so it is like giving tribute. It is about ethics and business. Ethics are important and if we do not follow it we can't expect others to do it,\" he said.In the newer version of the film, Abhishek Bachchan essays the role played by Amol Palekar in the original while Ajay Devgn's character is similar to that of Utpal Dutt.\"Character wise (that I play) there is no similarity...it is a 40-year-old film. When you adapt an old film I think everything changes completely. The base idea of one person playing two people is same. It is a sweet film,\" Ajay said.In Bol Bachchan, Ajay plays the role of a wrestler and Prachi Desai is his sister.\"I play a wrestler from a small town and he has this fascination towards English. He feels he is speaking very good English but he speaks it wrong and no one corrects him as people are scared of him. He believes in honesty,\" Ajay said.\"For this character I had to put on a little weight. In Singham I was very lean. Since I play a wrestler in this movie, I have muscles so I had to gain a little. I don't have any inhibitions. Whatever suits the character I am ready do it,\" he said.The film is slated for release on July 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14480457", "title": "Bride in shock, family files FIR", "text": "KOLKATA: The shock is yet to set in for the family of the young girl whose wedding was stopped by police soon after she exchanged garlands with the groom, Rajesh Giri, on Wednesday evening.When TOI visited her home in Picnic Garden on Thursday, a relative said that the bride and her parents were \"out of station\". In fact, the entire family has moved out till they come to terms with the trauma.They, too, lodged a complaint against Rajesh and his family at Phoolbagan police station on Thursday, say sources.A relative, who identified himself as Nikunj, told TOI that they had no idea Rajesh was already married. \"Even his family pleads ignorance,\" he said. . Negotiations for the marriage began four months ago when the proposal arrived through a matchmaker. \"If we had the slightest inkling about this, we would not have gone ahead with the talks,\" he said.\"Thank god, only varanmalas were exchanged. In our custom, it is not the completion of the marriage but just the beginning. Only after sindoor-daan is a marriage solemnised according to our tradition. Sweta was saved in the nick of time. Had she completed the pheras and adorned sindoor, we shudder to think what would have happened,\" he said.The engagement was held a few weeks ago at Rajesh's residence. \"We wish that the girl had surfaced then. All this tamasha could have been avoided,\" Nikunj said.When Puja burst into the wedding hall on Wednesday night, everyone in the bride's family was taken aback. \"The shaadi had just begun when the girl and an NGO worker entered the venue. After varanmalas were exchanged, the rights worker took to the stage, and revealed that the groom was already married. We all gasped in horror,\" Nikunj said.The bride's family initially refused to believe. A scuffle broke out. Several journalists were allegedly beaten up by the groom's guests and relatives. In the melee, a relative quietly whisked away the bride from the wedding hall.\"We saw the police arrest the groom and his father. A few of our family members too have been picked up in the confusion by police,\" he said.The bride's family had spent Rs 10 lakh on the wedding venue, he said. \"We hope she is not scarred for life. She and her parents have shifted to the house of one of our close relatives. All three are in a state of shock,\" Nikunj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "14496283", "title": "Jailed LTTE suspects take prison guards hostage in Sri Lankan jail", "text": "COLOMBO: Jailed LTTE suspects have taken hostage at least three prison guards in the northern Sri Lankan town of Vavuniya, police said.Police spokesman Superintendent Sajeewa Madawatta said the three had been taken hostage on Thursday evening. The guards are locked up in a room.The LTTE suspects are on a hunger strike since Wednesday demanding that a fellow inmate, transferred by the authorities elsewhere, be brought back.The inmate is a key member of the LTTE and was transferred to the prison in the north central town of Anuradhapura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14482157", "title": "State yet to appoint qualified fire-fighting officials in district", "text": "NASHIK: In a move that flouts the Maharashtra fire prevention and life safety measures Act, 2006, and an urban development department notification from 2009, the state itself has failed to appoint qualified fire-fighting officials at eight municipal councils in the district. The district also doesn't have a fire officer under the directorate of Maharashtra fire services.\"According to the fire prevention Act, 2006, local self-governing bodies of A, B and C categories should have a chief fire officer and the D category should have fire superintendents. Only the Nashik and Malegaon municipal corporations in Nashik district have qualified fire-fighters helming the fire brigade,\" a senior official from the district administration said on condition of anonymity.The district has more than 300 personnel who have trained in disaster management, including the ones at Yashada, Pune. Besides, there are also citizens who have participated in the training conducted by civil defence. Considering that the district has tehsils like Dindori, which is a chemical industry zone, Chandwad and Tirmbakeshwar and Manmad, which is a petroleum depot, it is all the more important that there should be knowledgeable people with certain powers in their hand and requisite training.\"As of now, all the powers are vested with the commissioners of respective municipal corporations, the chief officers and the collector. It is difficult to understand why the state government, despite its own resolutions, has failed to treat fire-fighting as an important and independent responsibility rather than treating it as just another job that an executive from the administration has to carry out,\" said an official from the fire department.Under the directorate of Maharashtra fire services, it is expected that the district has one fire officer who keeps an eye over the situation, updates logistics and commands the situation in times of need. Fire is the calamity that is capable of striking most number of times and can occur at any place. The same officer can also further leverage more and effective services during the times of emergencies or calamities in any form and hence the need for an officer at least at sub-division level is largely felt, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14483563", "title": "Scientists probe if mosquito coils can lead to diabetes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Studies have found a link between vehicular pollution and increasing incidence of diabetes across the world. Now, Indian scientists are out to see if mosquito coils pose the same risk.National Institute of Epidemiology, Chennai, will launch a study on the use of household pesticides and the effect on insulin resistance, a precursor to diabetes, besides other lifestyle ailments such as asthma, cancer, heart disease and strokes.Fine particulate matter found in the smoke from mosquito coils, scientists say, may be no different from the matter in automobile exhaust. Scientists in the US have found a 1% increase in diabetes for every 10 micrograms per cubic metre (g/m\u00b3) rise in this matter from vehicular pollution. A microgram is one millionth of a gram.Epidemiologists say the smoke from a coil has as much particulate matter as the smoke from 100 cigarettes. The active ingredients of the coil are pyrethrins (organic compounds from Chrysanthemum cinerariaefolium that are insecticides), wood powder, coconut shell powder, joss powder, binders, nitrates and additives. When a mosquito coil burns, the insecticide vaporizes with smoke and immobilizes mosquitoes.\"Plant-derived pyrethrins are not toxic to humans, but we don't know the effects of burning the remaining material that comprises 99% of the coil. ,\" said National Institute of Nutrition scientist Prabhdeep Kaur.A lab experiment with Malaysian and Chinese coils (similar to Indian coils) found that each coil releases concentrations of particulate matter equal to that from 137 cigarettes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480574", "title": "Sarabjit's family hold protest, meet Krishna", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Pakistan's turnaround over presidential pardon to Sarabjit Singh , who is serving a death sentence in the neighbouring country, his family members held a protest in Delhi on Thursday and also met foreign minister S M Krishna saying Pakistan had played a \"cruel joke\" on them.Sarabjit's sister, Dalbir Kaur, who has led the campaign for his release in the last few years, along with other family members and supporters held a dharna at Jantar Mantar. Kaur later met Krishna in South Block to seek her brother's release.Krishna reiterated his request to Pakistan to release Sarabjit, saying the neighbouring country should take a more humanitarian view of the case. \"I am happy that Surjeet Singh is released. I hope that Pakistan will also seriously ponder and consider to release Sarabjit Singh,\" Krishna told reporters.Kaur said after meeting Krishna the minister had told her that \"the matter has been raised with Pakistan several times and India will again take it up during the foreign secretary-level talks next month\".He was also quoted as saying that India would not let him stay in Pakistani jail and he would be released soon. Krishna earlier expressed happiness over the release of another Indian prisoner, Surjeet Singh.\"If Pakistan releases Sarabjit, it will only act as a catalyst to better ties with India,\" Kaur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14482741", "title": "Ask Lanka to stop attacks on Tamil Nadu fishermen, Jayalalithaa writes to PM", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to take up the issue of frequent attacks on Indian fishermen with the Sri Lankan government.In a letter, she said the PM should impress upon Sri Lanka the need to instruct its navy to exercise restraint. Jayalalithaa's letter comes against the backdrop of an incident that took place on June 26 when the Sri Lankan navy allegedly chased Tamil Nadu fishermen and damaged their fishing nets.Jayalalithaa said fishermen in 45 boats were near the Katchatheevu island, which falls within Lankan territorial waters, when they were chased away by the Sri Lankan navy. Recalling her communication to the PM on incidents of attack on Indian fishermen by the Lankan navy in the past one year, she sought his intervention. Jayalalithaa said Tamil Nadu fishermen have been traditionally fishing near Katchatheevu, notwithstanding any geographical or political boundaries.Katchateevu is a small island that India ceded to Sri Lanka in 1974. Sri Lanka has been objecting to Tamil Nadu fishermen fishing in that area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14482716", "title": "Hosur boy\u2019s parents to give DNA test", "text": "CHENNAI: Probe into the mystery shrouding the disappearance of a Class 11 boy in Hosur picked up momentum with the police asking his parents to give blood samples for DNA analysis. Sandesh Mandal went missing in October last year and his father Sushil Mandal approached the Madras high court with a habeas corpus petition, stating that his son was kept in illegal custody by powerful people who resented the boy's relationship with a girl, daughter of his tution teacher.On Thursday, the Hosur SIPCOT police served a written instruction issued by the jurisdictional executive magistrate to the boy's parents, asking them to be present at the Hosur government hospital at 8am on Friday, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "14482338", "title": "11 stolen bikes recovered in Kalyan raid", "text": "KALYAN: Over 300 cops carried out a combing operation at Irani Basti in Ambivli in Ambivli near Kalyan on Thursday morning, arresting 17 people, including two women, and recovering 11 allegedly stolen motorcycles and gold and silver ornaments from them.A year ago, the Thane police in a similar operation had arrested 25 people involved in chain-snatching incidents from the basti, which is located near the Ambivli police station. The area is home to more than 400 Iranians who settled here a long time ago. Cheating, house breaking and robbery is said to be the livelihood of a majority of the residents, police said. Some of them are police informers as well.In 2009, when a police team had entered the Basti to arrest the accused in a case, residents had attacked them and the cops had allegedly opened fire in self-defence. Two residents were killed in the firing.Manoj Patil, Deputy Commissioner of Police, zone 3 said, \"In recent some cases we came to know about involvement of many of accused held from the Irnai basti. We confirmed they stay in the area and discussed with Thane police commissioner K P Raghuvanshi who then instructed us to make a plan to raid the locality\".The raid was carried in presence of DCP Manoj Patil and Dr Shivaji Rathod who were heading team of 2 ACPs, 11 PI, 19 PSI, 250 policemen including women staff and SRPF team.\"The area is considered as sensitive and this was the reason that to complete the combing operation successfully, operation was kept secret and all the police station's senior officials were informed on Wednesday night to remains in their police station but was not informed about exact place, It was around 3 am on Thursday morning when all the senior police officials were informed on wireless through control room to reach near Ambivli area without using their vehicles siren\" said a senior officials part of the team.It was heavy rain taking advantage of which police first cordon off entire locality and then started searching for the accused inside basti.Sunil Patil, senior police inspector from Mahatma Phule police station part of the team said, \" We arrested around 17 people including two women, Bari Hussain Irani,61, Nuru Majnoom alias Jaggu irani, 32, who was wanted in 2009 case in which they had attacked policemen during similar operation\".Patil claimed that so far in operation we have recovered 11 stolen motorcycles and come to know about 11 offences committed by the accused and in interrogation we are expecting to solve many of the cases.With arrest of accused police is expected to solve many cases committed by arrested accused in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14483226", "title": "Abu Jundal to get Kasab-like security in custody of Mumbai Police", "text": "MUMBAI: Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal's first home in Mumbai, once he is in the Mumbai police's custody, will be the Crime Branch Unit-I lock-up at police headquarters near Crawford Market. It is the same lock-up where 26/11 gunman Ajmal Kasab was lodged during investigations. In the lock-up, police sources said his security would be on par with Kasab's.After the lock-up, Jundal would be moved to the Anti-Terrorism Squad's (ATS) custody. Finally, he would be taken to Arthur Road Jail, where his terror pupil Kasab is. Sources said that Jundal would be kept in a specially designed cell at Arthur Road. Though it might not be as strong as Kasab's cell, it would be stronger than an anda cell and could be in an isolated place in the jail.The Crime Branch lock-up is a drab, ground-plus-three-storey building that has housed don Dawood Ibrahim's younger brother Iqbal Kaskar, Dawood aide Ejaz Pathan and serial killer Vijay Palande. The building is guarded by at least six armed cops. The number could be increased. There are two policemen on each floor. Additional cops would be placed outside Jundal's cell. Whenever Jundal is taken for interrogation to the nearby Unit-1 office, at least one armed carbon-wielding cop and four to six other cops would escort him. An extra police vehicle would accompany the vehicle he is ferried in. This would make Jundal better guarded than Iqbal Kaskar was.\"Each floor in this building has four small cells. There is no fan and two tube-lights in the passageway for the four rooms. An accused gets food prepared by a government-approved contractor and water from a common tap. There are neither fans nor pillows,\" said a police official. The lock-up is monitored with CCTV cameras. Currently, there are prisoners on the first floor; the two upper floors are empty. For security reasons, no other prisoner would be lodged on Jundal's floor. The lock-up is considered one of the safest places to keep an accused, as no civilians or visitors are allowed there. Sources said a review is on over increasing security for Jundal.Once the Crime Branch investigation is over, Jundal will be taken by the ATS which is probing the German Bakery bomb blast and 2006 Aurangbad arms haul cases. Jundal could be kept at the ATS's Kalachowkie unit, where suspects in the 2006 and 2008 Malegaon blasts, 11/7 train blasts and 13/7 blasts were lodged. The ATS could also keep Jundal at the Bhoiwada lock-up near the Bhoiwada police station.Once Jundal's police custody is over and he is sent to judicial custody, he will be sent to Arthur Road jail. It houses over 2,000 inmates -- mostly undertrials, except for convicts like Kasab. Kasab has been kept in a highly protected separate cell. Jail authorities said talks are on about Jundal's cell. The police would not risk keeping Jundal in the anda cell, which is meant for serious offenders, since a terror suspect, Qateel Siddiqui, was strangled to death in an anda cell in Pune this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14478068", "title": "No MVD brake on erring autorickshaws", "text": "KOCHI: Even though there are many complaints against auto drivers, the law-enforcement authorities are yet to take any strict action against them. Officials are unable to take any stringent action because there is a staff crunch. Also they lack proper equipment to identify faulty fare metres while conducting enforcement drives.Though there are strict laws to tackle unruly auto drivers, officials at regional transport office (RTO) are yet to get their act together. During the past six months, RTO enforcement squad booked only 35 auto drivers for various offences including fleecing passengers and using tampered fare meters.An enforcement official conceded that they can act only if they receive a complaint against an auto driver. \"Whenever we get complaints, we look into the issue and take action if the complaint is genuine. We suspended about 10 driving licences and cancelled the licences of three auto drivers in the city during the past two months,\" an official said.\"During our check, it is hard to find any auto driver misbehaving with passengers or fleecing them. We can't check meter-tampering as the department doesn't have devices to identify defective meters,\" he said adding that the legal metrology department should check the tampering of meters.When contacted, N R Prasad, assistant controller, legal metrology department, said that despite their continued efforts, many auto drivers use tampered fare meters. \"Since we have only five enforcement officials, we are unable to check the situation on a regular basis. Over the past two years, we have taken action against 350 auto drivers for tampering meters,\" he said.Kochi: Even while complaints against autorickshaw drivers regarding misbehaving with passengers or fleecing them are aplenty, the law-enforcing authorities are yet to take any action against erring drivers.Officials are unable to take any stringent action against drivers due to the lack of adequate staff and equipment.Though there are strict laws to tackle unruly auto drivers, the officials in Regional Transport Office (RTO) are yet to wake up to the situation. In the last six months, the RTO enforcement squad booked only 35 auto drivers for various offences including fleecing passengers and plying with tampered fare meters.An enforcement official said they could act only when they receive a complaint against an auto driver. \"Whenever we get complaints, we look into the issues and take action if the complaint is genuine. In the last two months, we suspended about 10 driving licences and cancelled three licences of auto drivers in the city,\" the official said.\"During our check, it is hard to find any auto driver misbehaving with passengers or fleecing them. We can't check meter-tampering as the department doesn't have devices to identify defective meters,\" the official said. He added that the legal metrology department should check tampering of meters.When contacted, N R Prasad, assistant controller, legal metrology department, said that despite their continued efforts, many auto drivers were plying in the city with either tampered fare meters or without any meters. \"Since we have only five enforcement staff, we are unable to check autorickshaws on a regular basis. In the last two years we have taken action against 350 autorickshaw drivers for tampering meters,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14482280", "title": "Foodgrain not destroyed due to negligence: Raghuraj Pratap Singh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minister for food and civil supplies Raghuraj Pratap Singh on Thursday claimed that not a single sack of wheat had been destroyed due to rains in the absence of proper storage at procurement centres and godowns.Stirred by the directives of the Allahabad High Court issued on Wednesday, the minister came up with the specifics that the Uttar Pradesh government is doing to ensure that foodgrain lying under the open sky was not destroyed in the rains. The high court had on Wednesday cautioned the state government to ensure that the wheat is not destroyed because of the weather conditions. The court had even directed the state government to deduct the cost of wheat destroyed from the salary of the employees posted at the particular procurement centre.The minister said that initially the procured wheat was affected due to the shortage of jute sacks available with the government at the centre but the crisis was handled by the state aptly. Singh said the procurement target for wheat was fixed at 42 lakh metric tons against which 49.60 lakh metric tons have been procured till June 27, 2012 -- the highest ever procurement in Uttar Pradesh. Earlier the maximum volume purchased in UP was in 2008-2009 at 38.5 lakh, the minister said.About the arrangements made by the government to save wheat from weather conditions, the minister said that it was true that quintals of wheat dumped at the procurement centres got wet during the pre-monsoon rains in some districts.But we have ensured that the wet wheat was dried and filled in sacks before being stocked in safe warehouses.\"There are a host of procurement centres where wheat is still dumped under the open sky,\" Singh said adding: \"Since we are shortage of storing space, directives have been issued to ensure that by July 15, 2012 the wheat lying in the open is first consigned to the storehouses of Food Corporation of India ( FCI) and the remaining is taken care of for supplies to government ration shops before we lay our hands on the wheat stocks kept safe inside the warehouses and godowns.\"He said the chief secretary has not only directed the commissioners and district magistrates in the state to ensure proper storage of procured wheat and submit a written undertaking with the state government confirming that all proper arrangement has been made to that the wheat is not destroyed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14496410", "title": "Institute of Town Planners celebrate World Environment Day", "text": "BANGALORE: The Institute of Town Planners, India (ITPI), Karnataka Regional chapter on Thursday evening held a session organised on the occasion of World Environment Day in which they emphasised on sustainable development and the need to conserve natural resources.\"Our environment is the future of our world and it is responsibility of every human being to protect the environment. Awareness among children should be created and should be encouraged to participate in the environment related programmes. Moreover, the government should take measures to restore river, lakes and tanks,\" said Justice NK Patil.The president of ITPI, New Delhi, D S Meshram, present on the occasion said that if we continue the utilisation of our natural resource at the same magnitude, by the year 2030, we will need two planets to meet the demand. \"Resources should not be exploited to an extent that there is not enough left for our next generation. The most important aspect to look at currently is inclusive development, which is not possible without including the development of poor,\" said Meshram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14483969", "title": "Health department sets 1 lakh target for sterilisation", "text": "JAIPUR: With an aim to control population growth in the state, the medical health and family welfare department has targeted to sterilize one lakh people, both male and female, in just 14 days starting from July 11 to July 24.The department has directed the chief medical health officers of all districts to put extra efforts in achieving the target, a department official said.In the last financial year, around 3.14 lakh people were sterilized in the state. But the figures were less than the target. The department had fixed a figure of 6.86 lakh people but failed to achieve it.With the sterilization of one lakh cases, the department is aiming to reduce the total fertility rate to 2.9 by the end of financial year 2012-13 from current levels of 3.1.A health department official said that they set the target of sterilization after factoring in the number of eligible couples in the state. There is a set formula for it. This year, the department has set a target to sterilize 6.98 lakh males and females in the state. In the first three months of the current financial year (April to June so far), the department has managed to sterilize 30,000 cases. Now, with an aim to achieve the target of sterilizing 1 lakh cases in 14 days, the department has sought the help of collectors of all the districts.Also, auxiliary nurse midwife, tehsildars and NGOs working in the health sectors have been asked to bring males and females for sterilization. In 2011-12, total sterilization cases reported were 3.14 lakh. Out of them, only 5,528 were males while the rest of the 3.09 were women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14475699", "title": "Life and times of the Met 'centre'", "text": "PANAJI: The meteorological observatory at Altinho-Panaji is more than six decades old. It was set up soon after 'Instituto de Meteorologia' started functioning in Lisbon, Portugal, on August 29, 1946.The meteorological service continued under the Portuguese regime. Its nomenclature was changed to 'Goa Observatory' in mid-1963, under India meteorological department.From August, 2007, the observatory was known as 'meteorological centre'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480297", "title": "Sharad Yadav denies rift in opposition alliance over Pranab's candidature", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as NDA ally JD (U) on Thursday backed UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee's candidature for the President's post, party chief Sharad Yadav tried hard to deny any rift within the Opposition alliance, saying that his party's support was for the next President and not for ruling UPA coalition.Yadav also said, the fact that nobody from JD(U) or Left parties was present when Mukherjee filed his nomination made it clear that there was \"no divide in NDA or Left\" while parties may have decided differently on the July 19 Presidential poll.\"Our support for UPA's Presidential nominee is not support to UPA or its policies. We are against UPA's policies, which have pushed the country to the brink of ruin. There is no divide in the Opposition on this main issue,\" said Yadav, who also NDA convernor.The JD(U) chief pointed to two previous 'Bharat Bandhs' on the issue of petrol price hikes this year and in 2010 in which parties from the Left and the Right had organized protests on the same day.Yadav was a key force behind the Opposition unity during those bandhs.UPA was keen that some representative from JD(U) and CPM also attend the nomination filing by 77-year-old Mukherjee. A number of ministers had also urged Yadav in particular to be present during the event. CPM general secretary Prakash Karat was also requested to attend it.\"It was a tactical absence to clear the misgivings that there is any cosying up to Congress or UPA by us,\" an Opposition leader said.While JD(U) and Shiv Sena from the NDA camp have supported Mukherjee with BJP and Akali Dal choosing to back P A Sangma, division over the issue were also apparent in the Left.CPM and Forward Bloc have decided to back Mukherjee's candidature, while CPI and RSP have decided to abstain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "14478225", "title": "Wrong weather prediction costs farmers dear", "text": "WARDHA: Wrong prediction of monsoon has affected farmers badly as their wait for rains continued as nearly 58% sowing in the district is already over.Agriculture superintendent B Barhate said that sowing was done in 2,41,634 acres of land in the district. 70% of the sowed land is not irrigated and farmers are in the trap as they are dependent on rains.Farmers' leader Vijay Jawandhia said the farmers had undertaken sowing after getting the news that the monsoon was arriving. Later, the meteorological department said that these were pre-monsoon showers. Farmers have lost at least Rs 2,000 per acre towards cost of seeds and labour. If the rain does not come in three days, the farmers would be forced to do resowing.Avinash Kakde, leader of Kisan Adhikar Abhiyan, said the farmers have taken crops loan from banks. In the present situation, the farmers are not able to purchase seeds from the market and no bank would give them loan as they have already taken it, he said.An executive of the seeds company Sandip Gujarkar said, \"We did not expect the order would be booked so early. With the losses suffered by farmers, how can they purchase from the market,\" he asked.Satoda villager Kishor Gode blamed the wrong weather forecast for the losses the farmers suffered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14494772", "title": "Debit card scam: One more arrested", "text": "VADODARA: The Detection of Crime Branch (DCB) arrested one more restaurateur in the debit card scam on Tuesday. Pranav Upadhyay, one of the partners in Silver Spoon restaurant located on Gotri Road, has been arrested for conniving in the scam. The cops have already arrested two restaurateurs in the case apart from one of their accomplices. The scam, wherein the accused have siphoned off crores of rupees from banks, may see some more arrests in the coming days.Upadhyay connived with prime accused Danbahadur Verma, another partner in Silver Spoon restaurant, to siphon off the money. Upadhyay was remanded in police custody for seven days by a local court. \"Upadhyay, too, had played an active role in the scam. He even had a PAN card that had his photograph, but name was of some Aditya. We will now question him about the whereabouts of money siphoned off in the scam,\" police said.With Upadhyay's arrest, the total number of persons arrested in the case has risen to four. Verma, Ashok Patel and Hemant Panchal are already behind the bars. Verma and Patel used to swipe dozens of debit cards sourced from their friends and relatives in EDC machines and enter false tip amounts. The money used to be credited to the restaurateurs' bank accounts, but was never debited from the card holder's account due to some technical loophole.The scam was unearthed when HDFC Bank gave an application to the Crime Branch stating that its EDC machines were being used for some financial fraud. Senior police officials said the scam occurred due to the carelessness of the banks. \"If the banks had verified their accounts at the right time, they would have got whiff of it,\" policesaid. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14483274", "title": "State ATS covertly took DNA sample from Jundal's father", "text": "NEW DELHI: Intelligence officials revealed on Thursday that the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) helped extract DNA from the father of Zabihuddin 'Zaby' Ansari, alias Abu Jundal, in a covert manner. The evidence helped secure the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) operative's deportation from Saudi Arabia.The revelation came even as Rehana Begum, the mother of Zabihuddin Ansari, denied that the police took DNA samples from the family. \"Our DNA test was never done,\" Jundal's mother told reporters in her hometown of Beed, Maharashtra.But government sources said that Jundal's DNA sample matched those of his parents, which was why Saudi authorities accepted India's claim that the person in their custody -- who claimed to be Riyasat Ali, a Pakistani national -- was actually a 26/11 mastermind and native of Maharashtra.Intelligence officials said neither Rehana nor Zakihuddin, Zabihuddin's father, knew when the DNA sample was taken and dispatched to Saudi Arabia. Sources familiar with the operation said the sample was obtained with the help of a relative of the Ansaris, who the Maharashtra ATS had roped in for the mission. The ATS worked at the instance of central agencies. The strategy involved getting the relative to pick fights with Zakihuddin. Finally, in a scuffle, the relative scratched away skin and blood from Zakihuddin.The tissue helped secure the DNA sample, which led to Saudi authorities rejecting Pakistan's claim that Jundal was Riyasat Ali, a resident of Karachi. India's claim was that Jundal was Zabihuddin Ansari, a Beed native wanted in the 26/11, Aurangabad arms haul and Ahmedabad train blast cases.The Americans also had to use a ruse to try and secure DNA samples from Osama bin Laden and his family to establish his presence in a safe house near Abbottabad, Pakistan. They roped in Dr Shaqeel Afridi who, under the garb of running a polio vaccination campaign, tried to collect DNA samples of Osama's children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14482571", "title": "Southern specials on show at Dakshin", "text": "CHENNAI: Teaching south Indian cooking to a large group of homemakers in Chennai can be a difficult task. But chefs at Dakshin, Sheraton Park Hotel and Towers, proved they were more than up to it at the cookery session organised on Thursday as part of the Times Chennai Festival.The recipes on the sheets of paper handed out to the audience were those of regular dishes - idiappam, vegetable biriyani and mambazham pachadi (side dish made of ripe mangoes). \"But we promise we will make your evening interesting,\" said chef Harish, who along with chefs Sekar and Rathnam conjured up the dishes in a jiffy.Rathnam, the only woman chef on the team, showed how to make the mango dish in true Brahmin style, with no onions or garlic. Chef Sekar took over from her, dishing out the biriyani made of string hoppers while Harish told enthusiastic members of the audience how to make the hoppers. \"Boil water with salt and a few drops of coconut oil or any other oil and add the hot water immediately to the rice flour,\" he said. \"If the dough is warm, it will be easier to press.\"He kept the audience engaged throughout, getting people already familiar with the recipes to assist the chefs on stage. And, as promised, the chefs took pains to entertain audience requests and divulge a few Dakshin special recipes. Chefs Sekar and Harish gave out the famous banana dosa recipe - ripe bananas mashed with sugar or jaggery, and blended with refined flour. \"Adding some rice flour helps bind the batter and you can use cashew nuts to garnish,\" said chef Harish, who went on to make Dakshin era (batter fried prawns) and akki roti (bread made of rice flour).\"We attend these sessions as they give out handy tips and you learn something new,\" said Jyothi Reddy, cookery consultant. \"I usually incorporate them into my own cookery lessons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14479227", "title": "Police catch up with runaway kids, rescue four", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three young boys, who had run away from an ashram hostel in Anjar, were found at Kalupur railway station on Thursday. Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel handed them back to the hostel authorities. GRP officials said the trio had boarded a train and got down at Ahmedabad to take another a train to Orissa.A GRP team, led by police sub-inspector BM Rathwa, was on patrol when they found three boys huddled together near a footbridge of the railway station at 1 am on Wednesday. As the boys were not accompanied by an adult, the cops got suspicious and woke them up. They admitted to have fled from the hostel and that they wanted to go home to Orissa.GRP inspector PP Pirojiya said the youngest of the three is eleven years old while the other two are 12 and 13. They study at Omkar Muktidham Sanyaas Ashram. \"The children were scared after their first-ever train journey by themselves,\" he said. \"The little money they had was spent on the train tickets and they were forced to go hungry for the entire day. We gave them something to eat and asked them about their families.\"The three are children of priests in Orissa and had been sent to Kutch to study. While the first two are studying in Anjar for two years, the third had come two months back and was homesick.The trio then decided to make the trip back home without informing the hostel authorities, sneaked out on Monday afternoon and boarded a train to Ahmedabad. \"We informed Swami Sachchidanand Giri of the ashram who came to the city and took custody of the children. We also contacted their family members to know if there was any foul play. Family members told us to hand over the children to the ashram authorities and that they would visit the kids soon,\" said a senior Railway Police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14477774", "title": "State finally grants one-week parole to 49 Marad convicts", "text": "KOZHIKODE: After remaining indecisive for a few months, the government finally issued the order to give a one week parole to 49 convicts in the cases related to the Marad massacre in 2002. The jail authorities received the order on Wednesday night and are now planning to let them out in a phased manner.The move to get parole for the convicts was set in motion around a year ago. Many of them were denied parole as the police felt that releasing them would create law and order issues. The Marad Araya Samajam and the Mahal Committee, which were at loggerheads after the massacre, later joined hands as convicts from both sides were languishing in jails for the last four years.The special court had sentenced 62 accused to life imprisonment in January 2009. Representatives of Araya Samajam and Mahal Committee met chief minister Oommen Chandy with the request to allow parole for the convicts from both sides.The advisory committee of the Kannur Central Prison had recommended in February 2012 that around 100 convicts including 49 involved in Marad violence against whom there were adverse police reports be allowed parole. CPM district secretary P Jayarajan and former secretary P Sasi are the members of the committeebesides government officials.But the government wanted to constitute another committee. Realizing that this would result in delays, the convicts' relatives again approached the political leadership, which was granted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14481358", "title": "NIT student kidnapped", "text": "PATNA: A second-year student of NIT, Patna, Ravi Kumar was kidnapped on June 23 from the state capital. Ravi's father Krishna Rajak, a teacher, lodged a case of kidnapping with Sultanganj police station in this connection on June 27.Police said that Ravi, a native of Madhepura, stayed with his friend in a rented house at Rani Ghat under Sultanganj police station area. Police said he went missing on June 23. His father received calls on his cellphone on June 25 and June 26. The caller told Krishna that Ravi had taken money from him hence he was kidnapped, police said. The caller asked Krishna to return the money.Patna Senior SP (SSP) Amrit Raj said raids were on to recover the victim. Patna City SDPO Sushil Kumar said that one Brijmohan Prasad had been arrested and forwarded to jail in this connection.Criminals arrested: The police arrested two criminals from Old Bypass Road on Thursday. According to SSP Amrit Raj, acting on a tip-off that some criminals had assembled at Old Bypass near R N Singh Lane, a special police team, headed by Kankarbagh SHO Arun Gupta, was constituted. As the police team reached the spot, two criminals fled away. The SSP said the policemen chased and arrested them. They were identified as Pawan Kumar and Raj Kumar . One loaded countrymade pistol and two live cartridges were recovered from their possession, he added.Four arrested: In another incident, the Patna Police on Wednesday arrested four criminals from Karwalia Mor under Bypass police station. Two criminals managed to escape.The SSP said the police recovered a looted cellphone from the possession of the arrested criminals who were identified as Sumit Kumar, Anish Kumar, Raju Kumar and Karfu. Acting on the revelations made by Anish, the police carried out raid at a jewellery shop owned by Kuku Sonar at Gulzarbagh Station Road and recovered looted jewellery from there. Koku has been arrested, the SSP said.He said the arrested criminals had committed dacoity in the house of a hotel owner near Bypass about five days back and looted jewellery, cash and two cellphones from him. The police recovered two countrymade pistols, two live cartridges, three cellphones, one gold ring, one pair of gold tops besides Rs 12,500 cash from the possession of the arrested criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14480382", "title": "HC quashes student\u2019s gold medal claim", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Muniruddin Shaikh thought that he had topped the final-year law exam at the MS University of Baroda last year. So he demanded three gold medals and requested the university to organize a convocation in the presence of a 25,000-strong crowd.The university authorities tried to explain to Shaikh that he was not eligible for the medals, as some other student had topped the exam. But Shaikh was not willing to accept the data provided by the university and filed a petition in the Gujarat high court.Shaikh prayed to the court to direct the university to bestow three gold medals on him. Moreover, he also stated that a convocation was held on December 17 last year, but he was not honoured there.Hence, he said, the university should be asked to award three medals \"in such a place, in which more than 25,000 people are there as in the case of a convocation or create such an occasion for awarding of gold medals\".Justice K S Jhaveri heard him and asked the university authorities to clarify their position. The university officials said that Shaikh had scored 632 marks in aggregate out of 1,000 in third-year LLB (Special), but another student named Nirav Sharma had scored 635 marks. Thus, Shaikh was not the rightful candidate for receiving the medals, the university said. It said there was, therefore, no question of holding a special convocation ceremony for him. The judge inquired from Shaikh as to why he was still claiming the medals. To this, he said that an incharge officer of the MSU had told him that he had stood first. Justice Jhaveri dismissed Shaikh's plea saying that it was meritless because the student was merely told by an in-charge officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14477609", "title": "Bangalore techie Pawan Kumar left suicide note, say US police", "text": "BANGALORE: In a latest development, the Delaware police in New Jersey have confirmed that Pawan Kumar had left a suicide note and that they recovered it from his room.However, Delaware police have refused to reveal the details of the suicide note. As a rule, we do not disclose the details to press,\" Delaware police sources said in an email to TOI.A Pawan Kumar, software engineer with Cognizant , was found dead inside a hotel room in New Jersey on June 19. Delaware police had issued an arrest warrant against him for allegedly killing a 26-year-old teacher in a beach in the second week of June.Meanwhile, there was confusion in Pawan's family on who will bring the body. \"We are in touch with the company to help us bring the body,\" Pawan's father, A Anjaiah, told TOI.He said that his son had told him days before he was said to have ended his life that he had drawn around Rs 10 lakh from a bank to buy a new car. No one knows what happened to that money,\" Anjaiah said.Congnizant spokesperson said: \"Cognizant is working closely with the Indian government officials in New York and they have been very helpful. After multiple calls to the family members of Pawan Kumar today, they met us in our office this evening along with their lawyer. We have given the family members the forms from the US government authorities that need to be signed by Pawan Kumar's father to obtain the release of Pawan Kumar's body. We are waiting for the family to sign the necessary paper work so that we can facilitate the return of the body to the family as quickly as possible.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14480774", "title": "New selection norms may change colour and code of IIT campuses", "text": "CHENNAI: IIT campuses may have more girls from the coming academic year, as the IIT council has decided to select the candidates only from the top 20 percentile in the boards. According to the new selection norms, the candidates will not just have to clear the JEE mains and the advanced exams, they should also be from the top slice of each board.Since girls constitute a majority of the board toppers, IIT faculty members expect more of them to enter the portals of the premier technical institution. They also believe the new students would mingle better as the new mix would come also from outside the regimented coaching schools which till now have been sending a majority of students who are made to study and do little else.\"We see that a lot of the toppers in the board exams are girls. Right now the composition of girls on our campus is 14%. With this move, we expect the percentage to go up at least to 25%,\" said R Nagarajan, professor of chemical engineering, IIT Madras. In board exams throughout the country, girls generally have been outperforming the boys. In Tamil Nadu this year, the topper of 12th exams was a girl. The pass percentage of girls in the state stood at around 89%, higher than the 82% pass percentage for boys.The JEE exam has been usually associated with solving the problem in varied and quicker ways, using ideas gained from multiple topics. The Class 12 board exams, in contrast, have a much more structured approach to answering questions. The inclusion of board marks as a criterion therefore may enable students with different skill sets to clear the exam than the ones currently seen on IIT campuses.\"This will ensure that the students are more sincere and that we will get students with better quality. We expect an attitudinal change among students, because they would have been going to school and taking the Class 12 exams seriously,\" said professor Sarit Kumar Das of mechanical department, IIT Madras. Though the decision is not yet out, most faculty members agree on the idea of including subjective questions in the exam. This is what they feel will be an effective filtering strategy which will make all the current changes meaningful. \"This will mean that more students will be able to analyse a problem, rather than just eliminate the wrong answers, which is what they have been doing when students go to coaching centres to crack the IIT-JEE,\" professor Das added.The new emphasis on Class 12 marks is also supposed to make students and classes take notice of other subjects. Of the two other subjects taken into consideration, English is compulsory and the students are free to choose subjects like physical education or computer science to ease the burden, as it is not difficult to score high marks in these subjects. With emphasis on the total score, experts expect students to also undergo coaching for English.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14493512", "title": "Odisa exam result in Facebook before publication, tech error blamed", "text": "CUTTACK: A youth who on Wednesday posted a part of the matriculation examination result in Facebook, 12 hours before its actual publication, on Thursday blamed it on \"unsound\" technical practice by the website vendor which hosted the results.Jnanasagar Naik, a city-based final year engineering student, claimed one of the websites selected by the Board of Secondary Education (BSE) to host the results had not blocked the link while uploading the results on Wednesday evening or had not taken enough security measures to protect the results from public viewing.The link was active for over an hour in the evening and the webpage was on public domain, Naik claimed, adding that he did not hack the website nor has done any crime by posting some information in the social networking site.\"Asked by a friend whose sister had appeared in the examination, I visited the website www.bseorissa.in last evening and found in one of its links the list of top 100 students in PDF format which I downloaded.\"As I am a former student of Ravenshaw Collegiate School and one of the students of the school bagged third position, I shared the Top Ten list with some of my former schoolmates in my Facebook account,\" he said, adding he did not know how a section of media got the entire Top 100 list.To prove his innocence, he visited the Board office here on Thursday and gave his version to BSE president Satyakam Mishra in writing. Through Mishra, he urged the government to initiate an enquiry into the whole incident and clear his name from the unsavoury accusations.A third party vendor hired by Odisha Computer Academy Center was hosting the results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14476995", "title": "Water: The catch-22 situation", "text": "BANGALORE: Urban India is growing bypassing scrutiny and this will have huge implications on the future environment and development scenario, warned the Centre for Science and Environment ( CSE) Excreta Matters survey.Pointing out that knowledge should ideally drive policy, the survey observed that most cities spend anywhere between 30% and 50% of their money on electricity to pump water, pushing up the cost of building water pipelines and distribution networks.The longer the pipeline, the less water is there for supply, the survey noted, pointing out that municipalities have officially reported that 30%-50% of water they procure for supply is \"lost\" as leakage.The less-supply-more-cost scenario's end result is that the cost of water increases and the city is not able to subsidise it to all. The city municipal water system collapses under the weight of under-recoveries and water accounts are never maintained to track who is getting how much water.The gap therefore is between equity in supply and quality in supply and not between demand and supply as is commonly believed, the survey explained.The further a city goes from its water source, the more money it takes to supply water, it said. Bangalore has only one water source - river Cauvery which is at a distance of 100 km from the city. The kilo litre cost to supply for Bangalore stood at Rs 12.70.How other cities fareThe Rs/kl cost is 53.90 for Aizawl which draws water from River Tlwang, only 1,000 metres away from the Mizoram capital. In Mussuorie, water from Six springs is the source and it being 6-7 km down the valley, the Rs/kl cost works out to 16.80. The figure is Rs 8.70 for Delhi with the source, river Yamuna, being right across the city. It is Rs 10.70 for Mumbai as the water sources are 100-110 km away from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14475718", "title": "Mule moves HC against ouster", "text": "PANAJI: Ramchandra Mule, the recently-ousted chairman of the Goa State Cooperative Bank Limited (GSCBL), has filed a petition before the high court of Bombay at Goa challenging the no-confidence motion passed against him by eight directors of GSCBL last week.Mule has stated in his petition that the strength of the elected directors of the bank is 16 and 8 directors passed the no-confidence motion at the June 20 meeting. A simple majority of nine was needed for the motion to be carried, he has claimed.Mule had earlier filed another petition before the high court challenging the notice issued by the state registrar of cooperative societies calling for a meeting to table the no-confidence motion. The petition was dismissed by the high court on June 20.Meanwhile, the Supreme Court has on June 28, granted ad interim stay in a special leave to appeal filed by Mule against the order of the high court dismissing his earlier petition.Earlier, Mule had refused to resign as chairman and had stated that he is willing to quit if the government repays the loan granted to Kadamba transport corporation of 46 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14485241", "title": "No elections in case of violence, PU warns", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University (PU) on Thursday warned that no student council election would be allowed even if a single incidence of violence is reported in varsity.The varsity has also issued an advisory for the students directing themnot to paste any poster or sticker at public places in the campus, or else strict action would be taken and offenders would be booked according to the provisions of law.PU officials held a meeting with Chandigarh Police, represented by assistant superintendent of police Desh Raj, on Thursday. All wardens of the university campus hostels were also a part of the meeting.\"No elections would be allowed even if a single incidence of violence is reported. The election can only be held if all the students ensure peaceful and conducive atmosphere at the campus. All kinds of lethal weapons, including licenced ones, are strictly prohibited in PU,\" said Amrik Singh Ahluwalia, PU's dean students' welfare.He added, \"Students must carry their Punjab University identity cards for verification to evade any hardship while entering the campus. Further, any student found involved in anti-social activities and helping outsiders will be expelled from the university.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14500210", "title": "Doctors to discuss science and spirituality on Doctors' day on July 1", "text": "VADODARA: On Doctors' Day on July 1, Baroda chapter of Divine India Youth Association (DIYA) is organizing a seminar on \"Scientific Spirituality - Future of Mankind\" to highlight the complementary role that science and spirituality should enjoy.Dr H L Trivedi , Founder and Director of Institute of Kidney Diseases and Research Centre (IKDRC) Ahmedabad and Dr Chinmay Pandya, Pro VC Dev Sanskrity Vishwa Vidyalaya, Shantikunj, Haridwar would be main speakers at the event which would be held at Sayajirao Nagargurh, Akota, in Vadodara on Sunday.A statement by DIYA , explaining the concept said that the two were\" important and mutually complementary power for human progress because, one makes easy to fulfill physical needs while the other takes care of the spiritual achievements in the subtle world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14481124", "title": "Owaisi attack case: SC seeks state's response", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hearing the bail petition of Mohammed Bin Omer Yafai alias Mohammed Pahelwan, accused number one in the MIM MLA Akbaruddin Owaisi attack case, the Supreme Court has asked the state government to respond to the points raised by him within three weeks.Pahelwan has filed a special leave petition in the Supreme Court seeking his bail which was cancelled earlier by the AP high court. The double bench of the Supreme Court comprising Justice H L Gokhale and Justice Ranjana Prakash Desai heard the arguments of senior defence counsel K T S Tulsi and issued the notice.The AP high court had cancelled the bail of three accused allegedly involved in the Owaisi attack case on April 25. Justice K C Bhanu, while cancelling the bail of Mohammed Pahelwan and two others, his brother Younus Bin Omer Yafai (accused no. 6) and Bahadur Ali Khan alias Munawar Iqbal (accused no. 11),had directed the three accused to surrender before the concerned court. The three surrendered before the court on May 1 and they were sent to judicial remand.They are lodged in Cherlapally jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14481193", "title": "Stage set for maiden entrance test in Patna University colleges", "text": "PATNA: The stage is set for the maiden entrance test for admission of students into the three-year degree courses in arts, science and commerce streams in different colleges of Patna University (PU) commencing from Monday.Necessary preparations for the fair and peaceful conduct of the entrance test have been made by different colleges. The principals of all the PU colleges, including Patna Science College, Patna College, Vanijya Mahavidyalaya, B N College, Magadh Mahila College and Patna Women's College, reviewed their preparations at a meeting held here on Thursday under the chairmanship of PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh. All of them showed their keenness to hold the entrance test in their respective institutions as per the schedule already finalized.The VC asked the principals to adopt foolproof methods for conducting the entrance test and evaluation of answer books and publishing the test results. Complete transparency in the conduct of the test and selection of candidates on the basis of performance of candidates in the test should be maintained so that there is no compromise on quality. The main purpose of introducing the entrance test is to select good students and to raise the academic standard of the university, the VC said.Magadh Mahila College principal Dolly Sinha said there should not be any confusion among the applicants about the entrance test which is to be held in the college on July 2. Candidates who fail to appear at the test would not be eligible for admission in the college, she added.Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha said the entrance test for admission to BSc (H) courses in the college shall be held on July 6. The test will be held at Science College. But, if all the candidates were not accommodated in the college, the test may be held at some other centres also, he said.The dates of entrance test for other colleges are: Patna Women's College (Juy3), Patna College (July 4), B N College (July 5) and Vanijya Mahavidyalaya (July 7).PU students' welfare dean Ezaj Ali Arshad said the entrance test would be held separately by each college and the test questions would be of objective type. The test would contain 100 questions of one mark each on general awareness (40 marks) and the subjects concerned (60 marks).The results of entrance tests are to be published latest by July 16 and all the admissions are to be completed latest by July 31. The minimum qualifying marks in the entrance test is 50% for general category candidates and 45% for SC, ST and EBC category students, the dean said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14484079", "title": "Unhappy schooldays can make you ill later in life", "text": "LONDON: Being unpopular with classmates will not only make your child's schooldays miserable, it could also make them ill decades later, a new study has claimed.Researchers at the Umea University in Sweden have found that children who are socially isolated in their schooldays are more likely to suffer health problems from obesity to high blood pressure when they hit their 40s.The legacy of unhappy schooldays, the researchers found, was particularly high among the women. Importantly , the health effects weren't limited to those who were bullied at school, suggesting even being slightly socially isolated can be harmful to health, the Daily Mail reported.In the study, the researchers analysed data from a long term study that tracked the health and habits of around 900 16-year-olds for 27 years. At the start, their teachers were asked to rate how extroverted or introverted they were as well as how popular or unpopular . At the age of 43, the participants underwent medical tests and results showed a strong link between social isolation and unpopularity and a host of health problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14483586", "title": "Govt axe on NGO for fund misuse", "text": "MADURAI: District collector Anshul Mishra has frozen the accounts of a non-governmental organisation in the city after misappropriation of funds was found under the National Watershed Development Project for Rainfed Areas (NWDPRA). According to the district administration, DHAN foundation in Madurai was selected as the implementing agency for the project during the 10 Five Year Plan. DHAN implemented the watershed management projects in 10 villages such as Seelanaickenpatti, Vandari Athipatti, Pulipatti, Kuraiyur, Silarpatti, Pannikundu, Sengapadai and Sokkampatti.As per operational guidelines, the corpus fund for these projects should be kept as fixed deposits for further maintenance of the constructed water conservation structures in the watershed areas after completion of the programme. The district administration unearthed misappropriation of funds by DHAN during the project period such as withdrawal of the corpus fund against the guidelines, causing loss of Rs 4,86,216. The detailed report sent from the district administration shows that the money was withdrawn on various occasions and there was also delay in turning the corpus fund into fixed deposits with banks. In many cases, the fixed deposit was not renewed, causing interest loss. Hence, the district administration has directed the NGO to return the money before July 5, failing which it may be blacklisted.In the same way the, district administration has also unearthed misappropriations in the revolving funds provided to Self Help Groups in these watershed areas. Under the NWDRPA project, a revolving fund of Rs 25,000 has been given to a SHG which should be collected in 12 months and to be given to the next SHG. However, the district administration stated that the revolving funds were allotted to individuals instead of SHGs and an explanation was sought from DHAN in this regard. As the misappropriations are unearthed, collector Anshul Mishra ordered freezing of bank accounts handled by DHAN Foundation. \"Prima facie evidences were found during the enquiry undertaken by the district administration and the bank accounts used by the NGO for the projects were frozen. A further enquiry has been ordered on these misappropriations,\" Mishra told TOI.However, DHAN Foundation has refuted all the charges levelled by the district administration as baseless and framed in an arbitrary manner. In an official statement, the NGO claimed that all the accounts under NWDPRA projects during the period were submitted to the District Watershed Management Agency and were approved. DHAN cannot deal with the corpus fund deposited in the banks and the withdrawals were done by the public organisations in the watershed areas and re-deposited as fixed deposits to yield more interest. In the same way, the revolving funds under NWDPRA were given to the SHGs and the accounts are maintained for the funds, the NGO claimed. DHAN charged that the enquiry by the district administration was done without proper audit of accounts and field enquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14479164", "title": "Youths drown in Sabarmati", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Firefighters fished out bodies of three youths from the Sabarmati near Motera. While one body was found on Wednesday evening, two others were fished out on Thursday.According to the rescuers, the youths were residents of Ranip and had come to Koteshwar temple in Motera on Wednesday evening. At that time, water was released into the river and the youths decided to swim.\"They were not familiar with the area and soon got stuck up in the riverbed and drowned. One of the youths has been identified as Dinesh Thakor, a resident of Thakorvaas in Ranip. Identification of the remaining two is yet to be done,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "14480884", "title": "No Monday visits to Botanic Garden", "text": "HOWRAH: Come July 2 and the Indian Botanic Garden (IBG) at Shibpur will remain closed to visitors every Monday, starting July 2. The day Mondays will be used to clean the garden of litter, sweep clean fallen leaves and nurture the as well as nurturing its trees and plants. Morning and evening walkers with valid identity cards issued by IBG, however, will be allowed in on Mondays too.The decision was taken is was decided at a meeting of IBG's joint management committee on May 17. Explaining the reason for the weekly closuredecision, IBG joint director Himadri Sekhar Debnath said a day is needed every week when staff at the garden can work without having to pay attention to visitors. On this one day, staff can clear away the garden of all litter strewn about the garden thrown by visitors. Fallen leaves can also be cleared off the greens. Besides, trees and plants can't be nurtured properly if the staff has to always keep an alert eye on visitors.With no visitors, the So, gardeners can dedicate all their time to pruning, watering and doing other things necessary for upkeep of the trees and plants across the 273-acre garden. Moreover, the 24 lakes spread across the garden also require periodic cleansing.The committee, formed in 1964, is headed by the state chief secretary and comprises representatives from different central ministries and state government departments. It was formed in 1964.While valid card holding daily walkers are outside the purview of this decision, a new rule effective July 1 requires them to procure ID cards for Rs 100 for the first six months till December. Thereafter, the yearly fee to renew cards will be Rs 200. The earlier annual fee for cards was Rs 100.Debnath said IBG received 2,100 applications for cards ever since it advertised the new rule and has, so far, issued 800 cards. Daily walkers held a march within the garden premises to protest the fee hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14481127", "title": "Congress gears up for MLC post election", "text": "NASHIK: In the backdrop of the Teachers' Constituency election on July 2, a briefing for all the party workers, block and taluka chiefs, to support its candidate Rajendra Lande Patil was conducted at Hotel Emerald Park on Thursday evening.State revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat, MLA Dr Sudhir Tambe, district chief Rajaram Panghavne and former mayor Shobha Bachchav conducted the briefing at the gathering of Congress party workers. They spoke about the necessity of strong campaigning during the last couple of days of the Teachers' Constituency election. The briefing, that had been postponed three times since afternoon, was conducted at Hotel Emerald Park.After the block and taluka chiefs spoke at the gathering about their constituencies, Bachchav said that with barely two days remaining before the electionfor campaigning, corporators should campaign propagate in their respective wards in full swing.full-fledged \"Rajendra Lande Patil is the authorized candidate of Teachers' Development Front supported by Congress-Nationalist Congress Partywhile others claim to be authorized TDF candidates. Patil has done a lot in the field of education and is the right candidate,\" said Bachchav.MLA Dr Tambe said that Congress-NCP has publicly announced their support to Lande Patil. \"Earlier also we supported candidates like Jayant Thakre, Nanasaheb Boraste, Gulab Bhosale and others who have won the election of the Teachers' Constituency. Secular thinking should have an upper hand in such elections. Though teachers are not directly involved in politics, but they have great influence on political parties. In the next three days, block and taluka chiefs have to work hard with proper management,\" said Tambe.Panghavne told the gathering to visit all the schools and appeal to the voters to favour the Congress-NCP candidate. He added that if Thorat has managed time from his busy schedule, the party workers should realize the seriousness of the issue.Thorat said, \"You have to do limited work. You have to just campaign in your respective talukas. We have always supported TDF. In the previous elections of the Teachers' Constituency, we hardly met the candidate before the election. I met Patil and he is the ideal candidate. All of you should take care that there Nashik votes for is good voting in Nashik for him. Make maximum use of the last two daysand let me or Dr Tambe know of the developments,\" said Thorat. He asked Panghavne to pay special attention.City chief Akash Chhajed, group leader of Congress in the NMC Nashik Municipal Corporation Laxman Jaybhave, chief of the Congress women's wing Vatsala Khaire, chiefs of all the blocks and talukas and corporators were present for the briefing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14485268", "title": "Woman doctor, foreigner held for flesh trade", "text": "PANCHKULA: Three persons, including two women, were arrested when a flesh trade racket was busted by the Panchkula Crime investigating Agency (CIA) on late Wednesday night. The racket involved a foreigner from Kyrgyzstan and a woman doctor. According to police, their daily income was Rs 1.5 lakh. The accused have been identified as Manoj Kumar, Amarjeet Kaur and Akalmaltabakova Gildiss.While Manoj Kumar belongs to Sector 38, Chandigarh, Amarjeet Kaur hails from Ambala and Gildiss from Kyrgyzstan.\"Amarjeet used to work as a intermediary and get customers for Gildiss, who used to charge Rs 20,000 from every customer for a night,\" said CIA in charge Karamvir Singh.The racket was being run in Mohali and the duo recently shifted to a house in Sector 25, Panchkula. The house was taken on rent for Rs 30,000 per month.A case under sections 3, 4, 5 of the Immoral Traffic Act No 104 of 1956 has been registered at the Chandimandir police station. The accused were produced in the court and have been sent to judicial custody while Amarjeet in one-day police remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "14480913", "title": "Prospect of drought triggers panic among Nawada farmers", "text": "NAWADA: The complete failure of monsoon has triggered panic for the 90 per cent of the over 20 lakh people of undeveloped Nawada district, who heavily rely on agriculture for their livelihood. Rivers, ponds and other catchment areas are dry and wide cracks have appeared in the parched soil.The state government's efforts to aggressively promote and encourage farmers to adopt system of root intensification (SRI) for a bumper yield of paddy and the agriculture department's consequent distribution of subsidized seeds and fertilizers to hundreds of farmers who chose to adopt SRI method threatens to remain a non-starter.The scanty electricity supply has further compounded the problem. To grow paddy through diesel is discouraging if not nearly impractical considering the high cost of diesel and unfavourable climate. Moreover, the recent announcement by the state government that it is releasing Rs 200 crore for subsidy on diesel to the farmers of the state is yet to reach the farmers.Some of the farmers who, despite the failure of monsoon, bravely chose to sow paddy seeds in their nursery, are ruing their decision. The seedlings are wilting in the absence of rain and efforts to sustain them through water from personal borewells and sprinkling urea time and again are destined to have a deleterious impact on both the quantity as well as quality of the crop.The district agriculture officials are unable to provide a solution or alternative in the absence of rain. The Nawada district agriculture officer (DAO) Bhagwan Rai said that nature is supreme and has advised farmers to appease Indradev (god of rain) through prayers. Even the district administration finds itself in a bind in the present scenario.It's a double loss for the farmers this year as their 'garma' crop (moong i.e. green gram) gave a dismal yield due to scorching temperature in April and May months and due to the poor quality of subsidized moong seed supplied by the agriculture department , the failure of monsoon has further compounded the problems facing the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480850", "title": "Animal hide selling thick and fast in East Godavari", "text": "HYDERABAD: The prominent wildlife belt of Andhra Pradesh, the Rampachodavaram forest in East Godavari has now turned into a den of illegal skin traders. Stacks of animal skin from this forest are routinely sold to collectors, both from India and aboard, every month for princely sums ranging between Rs 15,000 and Rs 3 lakh, say local foresters.Observers say that apart from the big cats such as tigers and panthers that draw maximum returns, even the Indian bison, mouse deer and deer are put up for sale. While these dealings have been taking place for a few years, they rue that the state forest department's negligence has allowed it grow into an organized trade now.Running this lucrative business from behind the thick foliage are groups of tribals who, lured by the wildlife wealth of this forest, have infiltrated into AP from the neighbouring states of Odisha and Chhattisgarh. \"Though they started to come about 10 years back, their numbers have swelled now. At least 100 of them are seen in the forest during any time of the year,\" said a wildlife activist operating in the area adding, \"Some hunt only for meat while others poach to trade the skin. Even animal horns are sold openly here.\"Besides an exhaustive collection, these illegal traders also have a fixed rate chart. Tiger skin: Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 3 lakh, other wild animals (boar, deer, bison): Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh and deer horns: Rs 15,000 for a pair.\"Such widespread poaching has destroyed the wildlife count of not just this area but of all small forest belts between Rampachodavaram and Upper Sileru in Visakhapatnam,\" said K Ramaswamy from the Council for Wildlife Conservation attributing this menace to the state department's failure to man AP's borders. \"We have brought this issue to the notice of the forest officials numerous times. Yet they have showed no interest to address it. No official is keen on venturing out into the forest to nab the offenders or deploy personnel to check infiltration,\" he added.Sounding a word of caution, wildlife biologists note how continuous hunting could kill the forest belt that always had a rich amphibian, reptile and mammal population. As per 2010 tiger census, the region also boasted of as many as nine tigers. \"Even now there are a good number of tigers who are living dangerously,\" said Imran Siddiqui, a wildlife expert associated with the Hyderabad Tigers Conservation Society. He added, \"This moist deciduous forest always has healthy rainfall. The quality of the forest is therefore very good and conducive to wildlife. If managed well, this can prove to be a major breeding ground for animals.\"But considering the indifference among forest officials, that remains a distant possibility. When contacted, S V Kumar, principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife) maintained that the forest was well protected by his officials.\"No case of animal skin trading has ever been reported from here. We are not aware of any infiltration either,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14482051", "title": "MIDC urged to build own galas", "text": "NASHIK: Industrial associations from Nashik have urged the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) to build flatted building projects on its own, instead of getting them constructed through private contractors.The request has been made as this would help reduce the cost of such business galas to some extent.To make ready galas available for micro and small entrepreneurs in Nashik, MIDC builds flatted building projects in industrial estates in the state. But, instead of constructing these on its own, the MIDC gets them built through private contractors. According to industrial associations, construction of flatted building projects through private contractors make galas costlier by around 20%.A delegation of office-bearers from the Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) and Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association ( NIMA) recently met MIDC deputy CEO Madhukar Raje Ardad in Mumbai and presented him with a memorandum in this connection, urging construction of flatted building projects by MIDC.Speaking to TOI, Suresh Mali, President, AIMA, said, \"Presently, MIDC constructs flatted building projects in industrial estates through private contractors and this leads 20 per cent rise in the prices of business galas. These galas may become cheaper at least by 20 per cent if MIDC constructs the project on its own instead of doing it through private players. The Dy. CEO of MIDC said that this can't be implemented in Nashik only as it is a policy decision and we will have to do it across the state. He has assured us to table this proposal at the next meeting of MIDC with the industrial department, shortly.\"MIDC is planning to construct a flatted building project in Ambad MIDC and it has already appointed an architect to design the building plan. A tender for construction of the project is to be invited once the plan is completely designed. This proposed building, which will house around 200 business galas, will be spread over 14,800 sq meters and will have the same built-up area. The project is estimated to cost Rs. 20 crore. Although the flatted building will be built by a private contractor, its total monitoring including sale of flats will be done by MIDC,\" a senior official from Nashik regional office of MIDC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480481", "title": "Sangma files papers, says it's a victory for tribals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition candidate P A Sangma on Thursday filed his nomination for the presidential polls against Pranab Mukherjee, playing up the tribal card to appeal to voters across the political spectrum.He was flanked by BJP seniors L K Advani, Arun Jaitley, Sushma Swaraj, Ananth Kumar and party chief Nitin Gadkari, Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik, Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and Goa CM Manohar Parrikar among others as he signed the nomination papers at the Rajya Sabha secretariat.Spelling out the campaign line, which is designed to hit out at the policies of the UPA government and not target Mukherjee directly, Sangma said, \"Today is a victory of tribal unity... that a tribal is filing his nomination for the post of president.\"He joined a group of tribal dancers with their drums at Constitution Club before submitting his papers and told reporters that he was a candidate sponsored by the Tribal Forum of India, nominated by chief ministers of Odisha and Tamil Nadu and backed by BJP and other NDA allies.Thanking parties supporting him, Sangma took a dig at the Congress for not welcoming a tribal candidate even as tribals had stood by the party. \"Congress did not come out in support of tribals. We sought an appointment with the Congress president. We were asked to wait in Central Hall consecutively for three days but we could not get an appointment. We then met other leaders,\" he said.Sangma will start his campaign on June 30 from his hometown Tura in Meghalaya where a 5,000 strong inter-religious gathering has been organized.Sangma's campaign is being worked out with parties like BJP, SAD, AGP, AIADMK and BJD which have pledged support to him. The BJP core group met on Thursday to work out the strategy and will meet again on June 2 to finetune the campaign.Sangma plans to target the UPA government including policies of Mukherjee as finance minister but there will be no personal attack on the rival candidate. Congress, however, plans to use Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma to mount an attack on the former Lok Sabha Speaker.UPA partner Trinamool Congress is yet to decide on the polls though there is a possibility that TMC chief Mamata Banerjee may ask her party to abstain as she has made her opposition to Mukherjee clear. Sangma, of course, hopes for TMC support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14498780", "title": "Google admits, Chrome causing Macbook Air crash", "text": "Many users of the newly-launched Macbook Air have been experiencing issues like system crashes and freezing. Many felt that the issue was related to Chrome. Now Google has reportedly acknowledged the problem.Google reportedly told Gizmodo in a statement that it has found a \"leak of graphics resources in the Chrome browser\" that is causing kernel panic on the new Macbook Airs. However, the company said that the problem is restricted to new notebooks which have Intel HD 4000 graphics chip.Though the search giant stated that a kernel panic triggered this problem, it emphasised that such an action from an application was not feasible. Therefore, Google has filed a bug report with Apple to identify the actual issue behind the problem. Google spokesperson told Gizmodo, \"Radar bug number 11762608 has been filed with Apple regarding the kernel panics, since it should not be possible for an application to trigger such behavior.\"Meanwhile, Google has temporarily disabled some of Chrome's GPU acceleration features on the new Macbook Air laptops via an auto-updated release (on June 28). The company added, \"We anticipate further fixes in the coming days which will re-enable many or all of these features on this hardware.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14492276", "title": "What a hoax in ollywood!", "text": "The news is all over town that Arindam Roy's next Odia movie is an action movie called \"Gangster\". Not just that, the film is also supposed to star \"Mohabbatein\" actor Preeti Jhangiani and \"Aashiqui\" hero Rahul Roy!Needless to say, this piece of information spelt good news for Ollywood. But the only hitch is that neither Arindam nor Preeti have even heard about this movie. Forget doing it, they haven't even been approached by director Tanmay Patra. Rahul had got an offer though nothing has materialized till date.Preeti, who has just finished shooting for her Bengali debut, is too surprised with her name being dropped in the context of an Odia movie. \"I have never been to Odisha and haven't even heard the name of the movie. It's news to me that I am supposed to do an Odia film.I have no such plans and right now, I have just completed my Bengali film and have two Hindi releases \u2014 \" Dekho Yeh Hai Mumbai\" and \"Kaash Tum Hotey \",\" she says. Preeti now wants to check the film's posters online. Arindam, who is now shooting in Kolkata for \"Target Kolkata \", asks \"Who said I am doing \"Gangster\"? Neither am I doing this movie nor have I met any director with such an offer. After the success of \" Raja Jhia Sange Heigala Bhaba \", I've agreed to do an action film called \" Parshuram \". I'll shoot for it from August. The film is about what makes a good guy take up violence.\"Meanwhile, Rahul admits that Jagannath Das, the choreographer of his film, \" Mujrim\" , had told him about doing an Odia movie. \"A month ago, JD told me about such an Odia movie. I am not adverse towards regional cinema and had said that principally, I am okay with the idea of doing such a film. Since I was told that the movie would be based on the true story of a gangster's life. I needed to meet the producer and director to finalize the details. But no one landed up in Mumbai and, hence, there is no question of me starring in the movie as yet. I don't know why my name is still being dragged in promotions of this movie. But then, frankly speaking, I don't even get perturbed when I hear such things. In the 22 years of my career, I have been killed thrice in false reports. Now, I let such rumours meet their natural death,\" Rahul says. Jagannath, who is from Bhubaneswar and is working as a choreographer in Bollywood , says that he too has heard of reports of this movie doing the rounds in Odisha. \"I have heard that a lot of claims are being made about this movie in Odisha. I had got a call from a Bhubaneswar-based producer \u2014 Jagat Ranjan Mangaraj \u2014 about wanting to cast Rahul Roy. At that time, I was working in his movie and so I got him to speak to Rahulji over the phone while we were shooting in Mumbai. After the initial conversation, the producer was supposed to come down to Mumbai to discuss money and dates. However, he has not turned up as yet. Meanwhile, I hear that he has been going to town making tall claims about this movie.\" All attempts to trace producer and director Tanmoy Patra were futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14483291", "title": "NGO joins hands with Bosch to add green cover in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Siruthuli, an NGO in the city, intends to plant 1.5 million trees in Coimbatore. More than four lakh saplings have been planted and are being maintained in various parts of the city, said the NGO.The main challenge in maintaining the planted saplings is protecting it from the claws of urban development. Identifying protected locations for planting trees and utilizing it with the support of locals is the only solution to this. The first of its kind tree plantation drive is being initiated in collaboration with Southern Railways, on Friday, 29th June 2012, at the railway quarters premises in Podanur.This plantation programme is a pilot project initiated by Siruthuli whereby Corporates join hands with the NGO to create large lung-spaces within the city. This particular project is supported by a German Multinational - Robert Bosch, as a part of their corporate social responsibility. All the saplings will be irrigated through a drip irrigation system to ensure 100% survival of the saplings.On June 29, Grote Walter, a senior executive of the company from Germany and several senior executives from Robert Bosch located in Coimbatore will take part in the inauguration. District forest officer V Thirunavukkarasu will also preside over at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14494849", "title": "Vadodara bogies to run electric trains in Australia", "text": "VADODARA: Bogies manufactured in Gujarat's small town - Savli - will now ensure that commuters in South Australian capital city, Adelaide, enjoy a comfortable ride in what will be Australia's most modern trains. From Savli, 1250 metro bogies have already become part of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for commuters of country's national capital.Bombardier Transportation India will start exports of Bombardier Flexx Metro 3001 bogies from its Savli site, where the multinational had started a wholly owned railway vehicle manufacturing facility three years back.Bombardier Transportation had won an order from the Government of South Australia in March 2011 for supply and maintenance of 25kV electric trains to be delivered as three-car sets.While the rail cars will be built at Bombardier's Dandenong ( Victoria ) and Maryborough (Queensland) manufacturing facilities in Australia, the Savli site will manufacture and supply semi-finished Metro 3001 bogies for this vehicles. The new rail cars designed for Adelaide will form 240-seat trains with state-of-the-art technology including Mitrac propulsion and control system and Flexx bogies developed by Bombardier.These vehicles to be used for Adelaide's suburban railway network, locally as \"A-City\" will be the first rail vehicles in Australia that will meet new international crash standard specifications.\"This first export order to be manufactured at Savli comes only three years after the start of commercial production in June 2009. In addition to catering to the Indian market, the Savli site is set to develop export activities around the region. With 33 million euro investment, we employ nearly 700 highly skilled team members and indirectly generate around 3,000 jobs in Vadodara region,\" chief country representative of Bombardier Transportation India Harsh Dhingra told TOI.\"This has made Vadodara the only city in the world with the capacity to deliver all key electrical and mechanical components for the manufacturing of railway vehicles,\" said Dhingra.Exports are expected to start in the last quarter of 2012 with completion of deliveries in the second quarter of 2014.The Savli site of Bombardier is capable of producing 1,500 assembled bogies a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14482712", "title": "Bank waives loan of man who lost fingers", "text": "CHENNAI: A bank has offered a near-waiver of a personal loan obtained by a factory worker, who lost all the fingers of his right hand in an industrial accident.Thanks to the gesture of the Karur Vysya Bank , D Dharmalingam will have to pay only 1,000 now against his personal loan liability of 96,903. A settlement to this effect was reached between the bank and Dharmalingam at a lok adalat organised by the Tamil Nadu State Legal Services Authority here on Thursday.Dharmalingam, who hails from Malivakkam village in Ponneri talk in Tiruvallur district, availed a personal loan, which swelled to 96,903 as on date.While the loan was still being repaid, Dharmalingam met with an industrial mishap, in which he lost all fingers of the right hand.\"He could not work and hence was unable to repay the loan amount with interest,\" said the authority's member-secretary. When the recovery proceedings reached the lok adalat, the bank officials, considering his present health condition, offered to receive 1,000 as full and final settlement. Dharmalingm, too, accepted the offer. The lok adalat had been organised to settle pre-litigation cases pertaining to the Karur Vysya Bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475568", "title": "Two youths arrested for extortion attempt", "text": "PUNE: An 18-year-old youth and his accomplice were arrested by the crime branch on Wednesday night for trying to extort Rs 2 lakh from a businessman in Kothrud.The suspects, Rajendra Shankar Phale (18) and Santosh Devram Phale (18), are residents of Sutardara in Kothrud. Santosh, who worked with the businessman, had hatched the plan.Inspector of anti-extortion cell of crime branch Satish Govekar said the businessman, who supplies chemicals for construction industry, lodged a complaint with the crime branch on Wednesday. \"The suspects would call him on his mobile using the names 'Baba' and 'Bhau'. They threatened to kill his wife and brother if he did not pay them Rs 2 lakh,\" said Govekar.The police nabbed the two suspects. Another man was involved in the crime who is absconding. Govekar said the duo had also threatened a trader in Kothrud.The suspects were remanded to police custody till June 30.The investigating team comprised assistant police inspector Santosh Subalkar, police constables Anant Dalvi, Hrishikesh Mahalle, Balasaheb Jarad, Vilas Gujar and Baba Shirke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14493298", "title": "Snoop Dogg detained for marijuana possession", "text": "Snoop Dogg was detained at Norway airport on Thursday for carrying marijuana and more cash than is legally allowed.The 40-year-old rapper was packing 8 grams of cannabis when he was detained in customs at Kjevic Airport.Authorities were able to discover the sneaky stash with the help of their customs drug dogs.According to Norway's Verdens Gang newspaper, customs officers weren't able to recognize the megastar at first and found him to be polite and cooperative, showing \"no prima donna whims.\"Because his stowed-away drug was a small amount, Snoop was fined about 1,980 dollars and released.The self-proclaimed cannabis connoisseur was slapped with another fine of about 7,000 dollars for carrying more cash than is legally allowed.Snoop, whose real name is Calvin Broadus, was scheduled to perform in Norway Thursday night at the Hove Festival in the southern town of Kristiansand.Shortly after the incident, he posted a photo on Twitter that appeared to show him passing a joint.\"Smoking crip n. cuzns. Hahahahagahhaha,\" the New York Daily News quoted the caption.The airport incident was the rapper's second drug bust this year alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14462114", "title": "IBM freezes salary increase, reveals mail", "text": "Many of IBM employees this year may not get a salary increase. In a mail to its employees in the North American Global Technology Services unit, the company reportedly said that it is only giving salary increase to workers with high-demand skills that the company requires. In an email, the company said, \"we will target the 2012 investment to skill groups or focus areas as identified by each GTS line of business, based on local market needs.\"IBM typically gives salary increase during the mid-year months.Business Insider has published the internal IBM memo announcing the freeze that was sent to employees. Here's the full text of email as carried by Business Insider.GTS Employees,The Employee Salary Program takes into account a number of elements, including compensation competitiveness in markets we serve, our ability to attract and retain people with skills we need, our business performance, and other employee investments.It is essential for a services business to provide value-added services to clients at competitive price points. Our objective is to ensure a competitive labor cost structure while moving aggressively into areas that are strategic to our clients and require innovative solutions. This is fundamental to driving clear return on investments for our clients and to increase opportunities for all IBMers.To balance our ability to remain competitive with the need to invest in people who have high-demand skills, there will not be a broad-based salary program in GTS in 2012. Instead, we will target the 2012 investment to skill groups or focus areas as identified by each GTS line of business, based on local market needs. These decisions do not affect the significant investments IBM makes each year in talent in addition to salary, including bonus programs, recognition, promotions, and skill development.Your manager or leadership team will communicate additional information to you over the next few weeks.Bob Zapfel General Manager, Global Technology Services, North America Richard A Patterson General Manager, GTS SO Delivery - Americas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14496895", "title": "Taj Mumbai named one of world\u2019s best hotels", "text": "World's leading online travel agency has placed Taj Lands End at Mumbai on its list of world's best-reviewed hotels .Taj is the only entry from the Asian continent in the top 10 list.Marrol's Boutique Hotel in Bratislava ( Slovakia) was adjudged as the best hotel in the world in Expedia's annual \"Insiders' Select\" ranking, that was published on Wednesday, the New York Daily News reported.Expedia's insiders drew up their list from 500,000 assessments provided by the website's users, which have been verified and analyzed.European and American hotels fill up the top of the list, but there are two outliers in the top 10.The top spot goes to the Slovakian boutique hotel, followed by Al Codega in Venice, Italy, and the Central American Hotel Royal Corin in Fortuna, Costa Rica , which holds the highest spot of any hotel outside of the US or Europe.The list includes 650 hotels around the world, with the website only including only the best-rated hotels in its listing, after assessing more than 150,000 hotels and resorts worldwide.The 10 best hotels in the world, according to Expedia's 2012 Insiders' Select list :1. Marrol's Boutique Hotel - Bratislava (Slovakia)2. Hotel Al Codega - Venice (Italy)3. Hotel Royal Corin - Fortuna (Costa Rica)4. Hilton Garden Inn Aberdeen - Aberdeen ( Scotland )5. Four Seasons Miami - Miami, Florida (USA)6. Madison Hotel Hamburg - Hamburg (Germany)7. Element Omaha Midtown Crossing - Omaha, Nebraska (USA)8. Sonnenalp Resort of Vail - Vail, Colorado (USA)9. Taj Lands End - Mumbai (India)10. Mr. C Beverly Hills - Los Angeles , California (USA)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14478280", "title": "Kerala high court for wider probe into political murders", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Thursday called for a full-fledged investigation into the political killings in the state.Justice S S Sateeshachandran made this suggestion while dismissing CPM's former Idukki secretary M M Mani's plea to quash an FIR filed based on his controversial Thodupuzha speech on political murders.Stressing on the need for a full-fledge investigation into political killings, the court observed: \"Right to dissent guaranteed in a republic governed by democracy, if met with brutal force, and the dissenter is annihilated, whether it be as a retaliatory measure on the attacks made on one's party men or group, and if it is not checked, then, it will sound the death knell of democracy.\"Mani had contended that no congnizable offence could be discerned from his speech. The court also turned down another contention by the political leader, objecting the filing of a second FIR in a case being tried.The court observed that Mani's speech was an attack on the rights to personal liberty and to form associations that are guaranteed by the Constitution.The court observed that the political killings were \"so reprehensive, revolting, and shocking to human ethos of a civilized society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14491082", "title": "Shekhar\u2019s next film with Vicky Donor writer and NFDC", "text": "Early this year, Shekhar Kapur , had promised to wrap up his dream project Paani in 2012. The film was formally announced at the 63rd Cannes Film Festival in 2010. However, little had been done since then. \"I plead guilty for not focussing on Paani for two years. I got busy with another film and selling my tech and social media company,\" Kapur had explained.And now, the filmmaker has set his heart on an altogether fresh venture. TOI has learnt Kapur recently signed on the writer of Vicky Donor , Juhi Chaturvedi to pen a story. In fact, she has already started work on the project. Kapur confirmed the news and added, \"That's right. I have asked Juhi to work on a film with me. I loved Vicky Donor. I like the way Juhi writes. And yes, I shall direct that film.\"Impressed with Vicky Donor, Kapur called Juhi for a meeting. An eyewitness told TOI, \"They spoke at length. Shekhar looked rather pleased with his choice.\" But Juhi already has her hands full. She is already committed to three projects with Ram Mirchandani's Rampage Motion Pictures, Shoojit Sircar's Rising Sun Films and John Abraham's J A Productions respectively, the trio behind Vicky Donor . However, a source close to the three companies told TOI, \"Sircar is the captain. However, he will certainly have no issues if Juhi goes ahead with Kapur's film first. Sircar respects Shekhar tremendously.\"TOI has also learnt that Kapur and his team are in advance talks with NFDC to produce the film. Juhi is expected to wrap up the script by the end of the year and the project will go on floors in 2013.This film, unlike Paani, will not deal with water crisis. A source explained that it will be a social drama based in a rural area in Rajasthan. Kapur is expected to start the film as soon as Juhi completes her writing.Though the new project will perhaps delay the filmmaker's dream film Paani further, it doesn't imply that the former project is shelved. Kapur will start work on Paani soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14493009", "title": "MoEF to add green cover in Chandauli district", "text": "VARANASI: Under the ambitious Green India Mission programme of the Union environment and forests ministry, the Kashi Wildlife Division is going to add green cover in an area of seven hectares in Chandauli district. \"Under this project, costing Rs 35 lakh, we will plant trees of selected species in Chahania, Mughalsarai and Chakiya in Chandauli district in coming July,\" divisional forest officer, Kashi Wildlife Division, PP Verma told TOI on Thursday.He said major emphasis would be laid on 100% survival of the planted trees. According to him, the selected species of trees include Neem, Sheesham, Peepal, Banyan, Gulmohar, Kadamb and few other species. It may be mentioned heret hat with its ambitious Green India Mission programme, the central government has made a commitment to make the country green from 2011 to 2022. With a total cost of Rs 46,000 crore (Rs. 34,000cr + Rs 12,000cr covering both Centre and states), the Green India Mission is one of the eight missions under the National Action Plan on Climate Change (NAPCC). It states that the climate change phenomenon would seriously affect and alter the distribution, type and quality of natural resources of the country and the associated livelihood of the people. It also acknowledges the influences that the forestry sector has on environmental amelioration through climate mitigation, food security, water security, biodiversity conservation and livelihood security of forest dependent communities.Under this mission, emphasis will be laid on restoration of ecosystems and habitat diversity. It would foster an integrated approach that treats forest and non-forest public land as well as private land simultaneously in project units. Local communities will be required to play a key role in project governance and implementation. Gram Sabha and its various committees, groups and Van Panchayats would be strengthened as institutions of decentralised forest governance. According to Verma, the density of forest has increased significantly and it can be seen through satellite image. Tree plantation programmes are conducted on regular basis to increase the green cover. The forest area of Kashi Wildlife Division is spread in an area of about 74,000 hectares.The Kashi Wildlife Division also has Chandraprabha Wildlife Sanctuary, once a habitat of Asiatic lions, located between Chakia and Naugarh. It is spread in an area of 9,600 hectares of forests having a core area of 2686 hectares and buffer area of 66,000 hectares. It has all natural ingredients to become a tourist hotspot with the entire area of hills and forests, dam and beautiful waterfalls like Rajdari and Devdari. The sanctuary has a variety of wild animals including blackbucks, chital, sambhar, nilgai, wild boar, porcupine, Indian gazelle, gharial and python. On the other hand the social forestry division has no such project under the Green India Mission in the district. \"We have no project under the Green India Mission, but we will do plantation under social forestry,\" said forest officer of social forestry division, LR Bairwa. The social forestry division targets tree plantation on 132 hectares in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14480957", "title": "Minister wants baby drop boxes in Bengal hospitals", "text": "KOLKATA: Hospitals in Bengal could soon have baby drop boxes installed at the gates if the state government heeds a proposal by women's welfare minister Sabitri Mitra.The minister\u2014who also expressed the fear that Indian children being adopted by foreigners were used as \"guinea pigs\", though she admitted it was based on suspicion and not facts\u2014shared the idea at a state women's commission meet on Thursday.She said she firmly believed a system of drop boxes would dissuade people from abandoning newborns or infants in garbage vats, railway stations or other public places as well as help rehabilitate such babies quickly. Mitra told a press conference she had placed the proposal before child welfare minister Shyama Pada Mukherjee and admitted that the idea wasn't entirely an original one but was inspired by a TV serial.Asked to elaborate on the system, Mitra said people abandoning a child could simply drop the baby in the box, or cradle, at the hospital gates, ring a bell that would alert the authorities and leave. But she didn't get into the logistics\u2014like where the cradles would be placed, who would guard them or how the children would be rehabilitated.In an overburdened health care system that is short of staff and funds, the implementation of such a plan is difficult to envisage. Adoption agencies and child rights activists pointed out baby drop boxes would play right into the hands of illegal adoption rackets that have their \"touts\" in all hospitals.The Central Adoption Resource Authority has asked adoption centres to have such a system so that children don't get infections but in overcrowded state hospitals, the challenge of installing and maintaining baby drop boxes would be steep.Sheemantika Nag, chairperson of Atmaja, an association for adoptive parents, said many hospitals already have secret arrangements made between doctors, nurses, other staff and people keen to have children (who don't want to go through the legal adoptive procedure). \"A lot of illegal adoption already takes place. Under the circumstances, if such a system is introduced in hospitals, it may only benefit touts and the rackets that already exist,\" Nag said.According to former member of the state Women's Commission, Bharati Mutsuddi, introducing such a system in hospitals will lead to criminal activities related to adoption. \"Already such rackets exist in hospitals. But how will it help if babies are dropped in hospitals? Ultimately, they have to be taken to adoption centres,\" she said.Mitra said she had recently scuttled the initiative of some adoption agencies to send 21 children to other countries for adoption. Inter-country adoption has been there for years, and helps many children find homes. Asked why she had done so, Mitra said, \"I wondered why people in other countries wanted to adopt our children. They must be using these children as guinea pigs for some tests.\"The number of in-country adoption in 2009 has been 214 and inter-country adoption was 62. Inter-country adoption was higher the year before that, at 116.Chairperson of the state Commission for Women Sunanda Mukherjee was not available for comment. State Human Rights Commission chairperson Ashok Ganguly didn't want to comment \"without knowing the details of the minister's proposal\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14493413", "title": "Zila panchayat chairman loses no-confidence motion", "text": "VARANASI: Zila panchayat chairman Bahujan Samaj Partybelonging to Bahujan Samaj Party Madhukar Maurya lost his office on Thursday when a no-confidence motion was passed against him. On June 6, Sujit Singh alias Doctor, the younger brother of mafia-don turned MLA Sushil Singh and members of zila panchayat, had moved no confidence motion against Maurya by holding a parade of 23 members in front of district magistrate Samir Verma.The DM fixed June 28 for proving majority on the floor of zila panchayat. The procedure of proving the majority started under the supervision of additional chief judicial magistrate R M N Mishra on Thursday. Out of 39 members, 20 favoured the no-confidence motion. The ACJM declared the no-confidence motion passed as per the provisions prescribed in UP Regional Committees and Zila Panchayat Act 1961. All the 20 members came out of the ZP building, under the leadership of Sujit and celebrated the victory. The BSP lost the battle but which party won it, could not become clear. The family of former MLA Anil Maurya and MLA Udaylal Maurya, who are known as the flag bearers of BSP, bagged the chairmanship of zila panchayat by fielding Madhukar Maurya in 2010-11. The monopoly of this family in BSP had also resulted in curtailing the influence of Sushil in the party politics of this region. Another reason of no-confidence motion was the denial of BSP ticket to Sushil to contest Assembly election from Sakaldiha area. During assembly election, Udaylal Maurya succeeded in winning his seat while Anil lost. Sushil won the election as an Independent candidate.After winning the election, Sushil intensified efforts to enter Samajwadi Party. However, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav shattered his dream. It is still not clear whether the SP is considering the outcome of the no-confidence motion as its victory. According to sources, some lobbies searching ways for a comeback in the mainstream politics after becoming sidelined in past three-four years due to one or other reason, had tried their best to save Madhukar's chairmanship, with aims to increase closeness with ruling SP. Due to the efforts of two strong groups for their revival in politics, some ZP members enjoyed good time while some had tense situation in past few weeks. But whether anyone from government machinery has favoured any lobby during this tug-of-war, would become clear on June 30 when the plea of ZP member Pramila Yadav's husband filed in ACJM's court on Thursday, would be heard", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14476888", "title": "Skoda for VC, load-shedding for students", "text": "NAGPUR: Students are the nucleus of any educational organization. But for a long time Nagpur University has been ignoring this crucial component while making its policies and taking decisions. Be it the delay in announcing a re-exam for the leaked BCCA paper, or not being able to conduct PhD entrance exam (PET) smoothly, students have always been at the receiving end of NU's decision making blunders.NU's statutory members attributed this to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and his team's failure, and accused them of sidelining the students' interest for their own whims and fancies. Wednesday's mishandling of PET owing to technical glitches is a classic example of mismanagement prevailing in the university. This happened at NU campus, which does not even have a generator, since the university top brass cited a lack of funds to purchase a new one.The members accused NU administration of double standards, and pointed out the purchase of a luxury sedan worth Rs 16 lakh by Sapkal by using special powers granted to him under Maharashtra Universities Act 1994. The purchase of Skoda and one more vehicle for Board of College and University director (BCUD) Arvind Chaudhary came even as NU was going through a severe financial crunch and had no money to repair various hostels which were in a dilapidated condition. NU PRO Prashant Mohite was unavailable for comments on the issue.TOI had first raised this issue on April 14, after which members had strongly flayed Sapkal during the Management Council meeting. Even students' organizations had criticised him for splurging on luxury vehicles while ignoring demands of the students. Sapkal had then dropped plans to purchase the vehicle, but the company refused to refund the amount, forcing the university to buy the vehicle.Furious members told TOI that lack of power backup had resulted in embarrassment more than once. Even during the Senate meeting attended by MLAs like Devendra Fadnavis and SQ Zama there was a power failure that left NU red faced. \"Top officials have failed to address these technical snags due to cash crunch, but there are many other issues as well,\" the members claimed.Citing the example of boys hostel near Law College square, members said all of the buildings were in a pathetic condition with repairs not having been done since years. \"When the university cannot afford to provide a minimum standard of living to its hostel students, how can the top officials justify the purchase of a luxury car for the VC despite the old car being in good condition,\" they asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14476831", "title": "Treegate probe panel going soft on accused?", "text": "NAGPUR: The three-member committee probing the natural and artificial regeneration scam in Nagpur Circle of forest department seems to be going soft on the violations.TOI on June 27 reported how government money was misappropriated by not executing works on the ground. The scam may run into crores of rupees if probe is ordered in all the forest circles of the state.On June 26 and 27, the committee, headed by additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for working plan ASK Sinha, APCCF for budget and planning Shree Bhagwan and divisional forest officer (DFO) for vigilance P D Masram visited the areas of Gondia, Bhandara, Wardha and Nagpur from where irregularities were reported. The committee is being assisted by chief conservator (CCF) for Nagpur Circle S H Patil and CCF for working plan T K Choube.During both visits, sources said, the approach of the committee was casual and instead of nailing the culprits, it tried to downplay the seriousness of the scam. The members did not use GPS or personal digital assistant (PDAs) given to the officials. They also did not seize any record raising possibility of manipulation later.\"The officials don't have courage to suspend a forest guard, how will they act against RFOs who pay huge sums to get choice postings. The RFOs then undertake such scams to recover the money. The probe should be ordered in all forest circles,\" said Siraj Patel, central president of Maharashtra Forest Guards, Forest Employees and Forest Labourers Union.Committee chief ASK Sinha refused to divulge details. He only said the panel would visit Kuhi on June 29, Bhandara on July 2 and Gondia on July 3 to find out the violations. \"Let the committee confirm the violations first. Inquiry is still on,\" he said when asked about the gravity of the scam.On June 26, during its visit to Gondia and Bhandara, the committee started inspection after 12 noon. One of the sites it inspected was late in the evening and it was dark when seedlings and saplings could not be identified.The committee hurriedly visited two sites. At each site, it inspected small patches and avoided looking up the entire area. Most of the time was spent in travelling to and from Gondia and Bhandara. In most places from where irregularities were reported, some work was found to be done allegedly to cover up flaws ahead of committee's visit. It is likely that serious financial irregularities may have been committed in Butibori, Kondhali and Bhiwapur ranges.The committee avoided inspection of controversial sites in compartment number 268 and 269 of Gondia and works in Lendezari and Jamkandri ranges of Bhandara. It seems the members tried to misinterpret the working plan prescription in favour of the accused. The Bhandara deputy conservator even went to the extent of criticizing the plan that is called the Bible of forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480601", "title": "Aviation trials of INS Vikramaditya to start in July", "text": "NEW DELHI: Russia will deploy a MIG-35 and other aircraft to check out the aviation facilities of INS Vikramaditya, the Russian aircraft carrier which is set to join the Indian Navy by the year end.The 'aviation facilities complex trials' of the aircraft carrier will begin sometime in the middle of July in the Barents Sea, Navy sources said. A team of about 20 Navy aviation personnel including pilots are on their way to Russia to observe the trials, which will be carried out by a Russian crew.The complex sea trials of the aircraft carrier, which started on June 7, comprise primarily of two aspects -- the ship trials and the aviation facilities complex trials. The ship trials have already started. Over 500 Indian Navy personnel under the command of Captain Suraj Berry, the commissioning commanding officer of the carrier, are present on board the aircraft carrier observing the trials. By the time India takes command of the ship, there will be around 2,000 personnel to run Indian Navy's biggest ship, with a displacement of 45,000 tonnes.Besides the MIG-35, Russia will deploy a MIG-29K fighter and helicopters for the aviation trials which will check out facilities such as landing, deck lighting, arrestor and restraining gears etc. The aviation facilities complex trials are expected to last over three months.Officials said the ship was moved to Barents Sea as it doesn't freeze in winter because of warm currents. The ship is expected to remain there for the extensive trials until deep into winter, when handing over to the Indian Navy is expected.After a delay of over four years, when INS Vikramaditya finally joins the Indian Navy it will be the biggest ship with the Indian military, besides significantly enhancing its blue water capabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14494145", "title": "Repolling in Sisamau today", "text": "KANPUR: The State Election Commission will closely watch the repolling in ward No: 41 on Friday, where polling was cancelled following error in the name of Congress candidate contesting for corporator's seat on Wednesday.With minor skirmishes reported from various parts of the district on Wednesday, the SEC had also directed election officials to take no chances. A large number of RAF and PAC personnel will stand vigil in Sisamau ward. The re-polling would be held from 7 am to 6 pm. Aditya Kumar Mishra, contesting from ward No: 41 in Sisamau on the Congress ticket had complained of error in his name in the EVM. His name was wrongly mentioned in the EVM as 'Ajay Kumar Mishra.' He is among the 12 candidates contesting from the ward.The experts had fed data in the machines for the Friday's re-poll scheduled to be held at four polling centres comprising 13 polling booths. It has been learnt that several candidates, including BJP and Independents candidates, had lodged objection with the SEC against the repoll. There are 12 candidates in fray in the ward. Repolling in Sisamau today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14484561", "title": "?3 held for discotheque shootout", "text": "Three people were arrested on Thursday for their alleged involvement in a shootout outside the discotheque Hype at Hotel Shangri-La last week. Two of them have been identified as Vishu Yadav and Kitty. They fled to Himachal Pradesh after the incident; but surrendered on Thursday before a city court, which sent them to three-day custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14495698", "title": "BJP sends slapage report to state leadership in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Anticipating action, city BJP president has sent a detailed report of the Slap gate incident that took place in Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) during the general board meeting on June 27, 2012. Talking to TOI, Purnesh Modi, and President City BJP said, \"I have sent whole report of the incident to our party leadership in Gandhinagar. After studying the report that will take an appropriate decision.\"In the mean while large number of Congress workers stormed the SMC building on Thursday evening shouting slogans for justice and stuck notices at the doors of Mayors cabin . They also demanded that FIR under IPC 325, 326 should be admitted by the police as the nature of injury to their councilor Nitin Bharucha is on vital part of the body and could be grievous in nature.Babu Rayka, Leader of Opposition in SMC said, \" Police is behaving in partisan manner in the case. They have admitted non cognizable offence and so are saying that they can't arrest the accused. But, they should have admitted the complaint under IPC 325 or 326 . If the medical report suggested otherwise then they could have moved the complaint under IPC 323 .\" He added, \" We will continue to press for justice and fight against the atrocity of this rule.\"It must be remembered that during the discussion on allotment of plots for educational purpose in General board Nitin Bharucha raised a point of order and asked alleged that Gujarat CM Narendra Modi has given huge chunks of land to corporate houses at throw away rates. This angered Kanti Ballar of BJP who stood up and went to Bharucha and slapped him thrice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14480393", "title": "Explain atrocities on Muslims, says NHRC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has issued notice to the Gujarat government seeking reply on the alleged police atrocities towards Muslims after the 2002 riots.The commission has sought explanation within four weeks from the chief secretary and the director general of police in connection with evidence it gathered showing atrocities towards the minority community, especially police atrocities. The NHRC got complaints that while the Muslim community was still recuperating from the shock of the 2002 riots, there was no security ensured in the state for them.During its visit to the state last year, the commission held a public hearing. At that time, some 50 cases of alleged atrocities against members of the minority community were presented before the commission. Besides, a civil rights organization, Centre for Social Justice, also made a detailed representation before the commission on May 14 projecting the situation of the Muslims in Gujarat after the 2002 riots.The NGO highlighted the continuing discrimination against the minorities and told the commission that the attitude of authorities jeopardizes the security of minorities in this state. The representation by the organization was placed before the commission on June 12. On basis of the material gathered, the NHRC issued a notice the next day to the DGP and chief secretary of the state, demanding a report on the issues raised by the commission regarding the alleged atrocities on the Muslims.Last month, the NHRC conducted open hearing when its chairman justice (retired) K G Balakrishnan heard complaints from people belonging to SC. In March, a United Nation's special rapporteur on extra-judicial, summary and arbitrary execution conducted his investigations into the issue of human rights violation in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475663", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority to cut off facilities to unauthorised constructions", "text": "PUNE: To curb unauthorised constructions in its limits, the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) will cut off facilities such as water supply and electricity to buildings that failed to get the authority's approval.Besides cutting off amenities, the authority will request the Inspector General of Registration (IGR), Pune, not to register the sale deeds of properties in PCNTDA limits if the applicants do not have proper documents.Yogesh Mhase, Chief Executive Officer (CEO), PCNTDA, said, \"It has been found that unauthorised constructions in PCNTDA limits have MSEDCL's power connections and water supply and drainage lines provided by PCMC. Also, the unauthorised constructions have been registered by the sub-registrars. PCNTDA has decided to ask the municipal corporation and MSEDCL to cut off their services to such structures whose building plans have not been approved by the authority''.At the PCNTDA meeting held on Wednesday, it was also decided that the authority will ask the Food and Drug Authority (FDA) not to give licences to shops, hotels , medical stores or any other businesses if they do not possess an authority-approved building plan.There are over 27,500 unauthorised constructions in PCNTDA limits. The PCNTDA has been conducting the anti-encroachment drive in its limits since March, despite the strong opposition from local residents.PCNTDA has taken possession of 14 acres of land in Walhekarwadi area of Chinchwad after demolishing unauthorised marriage halls. \"PCNTDA will fence the open plots and lands in its possession to prevent encroachments. The resolution for a 62-km fencing around PCNTDA land was approved at the meeting.\"PCNTDA to resend the proposalsSome files related to PCNTDA's proposals -- such as those about returning 12.5% of the acquired land to farmers, regularization of unauthorized constructions, employees' pension and the draft budget -- have been destroyed in the Mantralaya fire. The PCNTDA will resend these proposals to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480793", "title": "Eamcet-2012 ranks today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eamcet-2012 ranks will be released on Friday at 6pm. Damodar Raja Narasimha, minister for higher and technical education, will announce the results at JNTU- Architecture and Fine Arts University. The results will be available on htttp://www.apeamcet.org.The ranks will also be available through Automated Voice Response System (AVRS), by which students from remote places can access their ranks through phone. To get the ranks through AVRS, students can send a text message to BSNL number, 53345/6 in the format, EAMCETRANK HTNO. For other operators, the same text message can be sent to numbers 57333 and 56969.This year, the Eamcet ranks and marks along with the final question paper key will be released on the same day. Meanwhile, there is good news for about 1.53 lakh students, who had appeared for the Inter advanced supplementary exam in physics as they can hope to get better ranks with the Eamcet committee deciding to take their improvement marks into consideration while announcing the ranks. \"Any improvement in Intermediate marks will automatically reflect in the Eamcet ranks as 25% weightage is given for the same. Since a total of 1.53 lakh students had improved their physics scores in the advanced supplementary exam, they can hope to score better ranks in Eamcet as well,\" said M V Ramana Rao, convener, Eamcet-2012.The Board of Intermediate Education conducted a re-exam in physics as 31% students had failed in the exam this year. Though the Eamcet officials first refused to consider the advanced supplementary scores for Eamcet ranks, they later buckled under pressure from parents and students and decided to give a one-time exemption for supplementary students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14482977", "title": "Himachal: Court puts spanner in govt plans to regularize illegal constructions", "text": "SHIMLA: With the government having declared its intentions of coming up with a retention policy to regularize unauthorized or illegal constructions, the high court has asked the authorities about the provisions under law by which the government was empowered to do so.Taking cognizance of a writ petition filed by Divya B Lal and others, the division bench of Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice Dharam Chand Chaudhary, on Wednesday directed principal secretary, town and country planning, as to what enabling provisions were available with the government to pass orders for regularization of illegal constructions.The government has also been directed to let the court know in three weeks as to whether any guidelines for regularizing unauthorized constructions existed and how many such constructions had been regularized in the last 10 years.The petitioners have alleged that one R K Kaushal was carrying out illegal construction at an apartment in Upper Kaithu, a Shimla locality.Though the municipal corporation had been informed about the illegal constructions taking place and a notice to stop work was served, but Kaushal knowing the government plans of intending to come up with a retention policy, carried on with it to become eligible for taking benefit when the policy of regularizing illegal constructions is announced, the petitioners informed the court.The court also directed the municipal corporation to ensure that Kaushal did not carry out the illegal construction of another storey other than those approved in construction maps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14480516", "title": "Boy 'ragged' in school, complaint lodged", "text": "KOLKATA: Parents of a Class-I student studying in a reputable south Kolkata school have lodged a complaint with Gariahat police station against the school authorities. The kid's father, who runs a play school at Howrah, alleged that since his first day in school, his son was ragged and beaten up by his classmates. \"Despite informing the school, it did nothing,\" he said.On Thursday, the boy fell sick during school hours after being beaten up by his classmates. Police recorded the complaint as a general diary for investigation.The kid's mother said when she reached the school to take her son back on Thursday, the six-year-old complained of sickness. She learnt that her son fell sick after an assault by his friends. After being treated in the school, the boy was taken to a doctor near Dhakuria. \"My son is traumatized. I don't blame the kids. It's the responsibility of the school to take care of the kids. We lodged the complaint since the school authority ignored its responsibility,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "muscat", "code": "14497005", "title": "Under-22 AFC Championship: India hold UAE to draw", "text": "MUSCAT: Romeo Fernandes' 88th-minute strike helped India recover from an early jolt as the team rallied to hold United Arab Emirates to a 1-1 draw in an Under-22 AFC Championship match.Down by a Jamal Ibrahim goal, as early as in the ninth minute, India came back strongly to share the points after a barrage of attacks on the rival citadel, Romeo restored parity in the 88th minute.The early goal conceded may have been an initial setback but it didn't un-nerve India. Rather, they stayed content in building up from back, so much so that the first 20 minutes earned the team three corners. The number increased to seven by the 40th minute.In the midfield, a robust group comprising Manandeep Singh, Lalrindika Ralte, Milan Singh and Pranay Halder pressed hard throughout. The first half yielded seven corners and a handball shout was ruled out in the 40th minute inside the UAE penalty box.Changing over, UAE defended were forced into defensive mode. They tried to change the combination a number of times, but it failed.Romeo's fresh legs on the right stretched them and in the 51st minute, Tirthankar Sarkar missed heading into an empty second post, the ball agonisingly missing.Jeje replaced Tirthankar in the 69th minute and within two minutes, his free header off a Milan Singh corner just sailed over.Eventually Romeo headed home in the 88th minute following a Vishal Kumar throw-in down the right. A minute later, Romeo had the best chance of the day when he sneaked in between the wall on the left, ran all the way into the six-yard box but the rival goalkeeper's legs came in between.National Coach Wim Koevermans and Technical Director Rob Baan congratulated the team on their splendid fightback.\"The boys fought well. It was heartening to fight with such a spirit against such a quality side,\" AIFF general Secretary Kushal Das, who had dropped in to watch the match, commented.India next play Turkmenistan on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14480559", "title": "Online SSC admit cards from July 9", "text": "KOLKATA: The School Service Commission (SSC) will upload admit cards of candidates on its website on July 9 and the same can be downloaded from July 16 onwards. \"A candidate can bring a photocopy of the admit card downloaded from the website or the original copy couriered to them to appear in the exam. The copy of Weimar sheet on which they answer the MCQs for their subject paper and question booklet will be handed over to the candidates after exams.The examinees can check their answers with the model answers that will be provided on websites after the examination,\" said SSC chairman Chittaranjan Mondal.The commission will also mention the reasons for rejecting or holding back admit cards of candidates on its site. \"Admit cards on hold can be issued if the problem is sorted out after candidates come to us and gives adequate information,\" Mondal said.The SSC is also set to take examinations for appointing 668 headmasters in government-aided schools and 81 librarians.\"The dates will be announced later,\" SSC chairman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14478348", "title": "Medical education health tad better, dental health poor,nursing worst", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The quality of education in self-financing medical and nursing colleges is only a tad better than the situation in engineering colleges.Only two out of 17 medical colleges - Jubilee Mission Medical College, Thrissur, and Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church Medical College, Kolencherry, achieved 90% result. While another four colleges recorded above 80 per cent, the rest have recorded far below this.In Kannur medical college out of the 99 candidates only 53 could get through. In KMCT medical college, Kozhikode, only 60 of 100 managed to pass. And in Karuna Medical College, Palakad, only 62 out of 100 cleared the final hurdle. Only six colleges could secure a pass percentage between 50 and 70.The decay is deeper in case of dental colleges with 15 of the 22 colleges recording below 40 percentage. And the pass percentage is less than 20 in another six colleges.Out of the 90 nursing colleges only eight could record a pass percentage of above 50 while four colleges scored zero. All the five government nursing colleges recorded a pass percentage of above 50.Jubilee Mission College of Nursing, Thrissur, has topped with 58%. While the score of 28 colleges reads between 30 and 50 per cent, 42 institutes could secure only a pass percentage between 10% and 30%. Twelve colleges scored below 10%. Not even one candidate passed from four private colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14483828", "title": "\u2018Jaipur board students with 70 per cent eligible for IIT-JEE\u2019", "text": "AJMER: Students of Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education (RBSE) scoring above 70 per cent in Class XII science stream will get into the top 20 percentile, making them eligible in the proposed common entrance test (CET) for IIT-JEE.RBSE chairman Subhash Garg welcomed the proposed CET but said the final format and guidelines are still awaited. Experts are analysing the format and trying to examine its formula. The format has recieved a positive response, as most people think it will provide some relief to students trying to crack the IIT-JEE.On Thursday, Garg attended a CBSE meet which addressed the issue of CET in New Delhi. Twenty-six state heads of education boards also took part in the meeting.\"I personally feel that this will help students achieve their goal of IIT, especially students of our state,\" Garg said.Mirju Ram Sharma, secretary of the board said, \"We are waiting for the CET format to arrive, so that we could analyze its merits and demerits.\"\"At present minimum marks for appearing in the IIT entrance exam is 60 per cent. The proposed CET format says that students within the 20 percentile from their respective boards can sit in the exam. This enables Rajasthan board science students scoring over 70 per cent to apply for the exam\" Garg added.As per the top 20 percentile formula under the proposed CET, science students of the state's board with 70 per cent and above will come in the top 20 percentile group.\"In other boards, specially in CBSE, there is cut-throat competition for 0.1 mark because of which the evaluation for top 20 percentile goes as high as 85 to 87 per cent. Students will be out of the selection process even after giving the JEE advance test if they get even one per cent less in their board exam. Altogether 1.5 lakh students will be selected in the JEE advance test,\" an expert said.In Rajasthan this year, the topper of Class XII science scored 96.80 per cent while the eight rank student got 94 per cent marks. A total of 3,500 students were able to get 90 per cent marks. While in CBSE Class XII science exam this year, 28,000 students scored 90 per cent.\"At present, students appearing in Class XII science are concerned about theIIT-JEE. They usually end up performing poorly in the board exams. The new format will change the students attitude and will encourage them to put more efforts to the board exam,\" a professor from a science college added. \"All students will get a chance to appear but only 1.5 lakh students will be selected for the advance test,\" Triumph Academy director Ashish Chaturvedi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14478250", "title": "Land for Ambedkar museum ayed", "text": "NAGPUR: The board of Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) cleared the change of use for an 11-acre plot for expanding Shantivan, where the personal articles of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar are kept. Shantivan, which is off Kalmeshwar Road, has a Buddha Vihar and a small building containing these articles. Large number of Buddhists now visit this place.The Buddhist community has been demanding that the 11-acre plot, whose use is a quarry in the development plan, be handed over to Shantivan Trust. The trust wants a proper museum for displaying these articles and also construct a meditation and training centre for monks. The articles were collected by Wamanrao Godbole, a close aide of Dr Ambedkar.The project cost is Rs 40 crore and social justice department has sanctioned Rs 5 crore for it. It was given administrative approval by the NIT board and tenders will be floated soon. NIT has also agreed to provide three acre land in New Cotton Market Layout to Nagpur APMC at ready reckoner rates. The board also agreed to provided space for Womens' Economic Development Corporation ( WEDC) in its Sitabuldi commercial complex on three year lease. The space will used for shops selling items made by women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14476218", "title": "Police to give special IDs to northeast students", "text": "NEW DELHI: Representatives of students from northeastern states may get quicker access to the city police, to seek redress in cases of harassment and discrimination. In a meeting between student representatives and special commissioner, law and order, Dharmendra Kumar, it was decided to provide special identity cards to the representatives. Delhi Police will also create a Facebook page for people from the northeast to post their problems on.The meeting was arranged by Nagaland governor Nikhil Kumar, a former commissioner of Delhi Police. Students spoke about police insensitivity in cases of discrimination and crime against people from the northeastern states.President of Naga Students' Union, Delhi, Lhusisato Iralu, and founder member of North East helpline Alana Golmei, represented the students.\"We will provide identification cards to five representatives from each state of the region. Each state will have two representatives each in north and south Delhi, and one in east Delhi,\" said Kumar.Before meeting the police officers, the student representatives met the Nagaland governor and apprised him of police's indifference towards problems of northeastern students. They complained that they have to bribe even to get an NOC for sending a corpse home. Kumar promised to take up the issue with the home minister and the Delhi CM. \"When people from the northeast accept people from mainland India with their features, and culture, why can't people from mainland India reciprocate? It is basically lack of sensitivity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "14482199", "title": "Uttrakhand police constitute special teams to hunt down three Roorkee priests' murderers", "text": "DEHRADUN: The Uttarakahand police on Thursday constituted six special teams to hunt down 10 unidentified people, who had barged into a Hanuman temple in Laksar near Roorkee in the state's Haridwar district and hacked three priests to death a day earlier.A senior police officer said the three that included 60-year-old Chand Seeta Ram were preparing for morning prayers when the attackers entered the temple premises through its main gate and attacked them with sharp-edged weapons. The other two were identified as Jai Ram and Rohit Baba.Haridwar SSP Arun Mohan Joshi told TOI that Chand and Jai died on the spot, while Rohit died on his way to Dehradun's Doon hospital. \"The deceased belonged to Uttar Pradesh's Bijnore district and had been working as priests in the Hanuman temple for the last three years.\" Joshi said the motive behind the murders was yet to be ascertained, but circumstantial evidences indicated that the killers had apparently entered the temple with a motive to loot. He said the police were yet to ascertain if the killers had stolen idols from the temple.Joshi said the special teams conducted raids at different places in Haridwar and nearby western UP districts of Bijnore and Moradabad districts to track down the killers.Sources said the police have questioned 25 people in connection with the murders, but no arrest had been made so far.Doon hospital chief medical superintendent B C Pathak said Rohit was first rushed to Roorkee civil hospital but was later referred to his hospital after his condition deteriorated.A senior medical officer said the trio's post-mortem has revealed that they bled to death and had suffered multiple deep injures. \"The three were apparently attacked with sharp-edged weapons like daggers and kutti (used to cut grass).\"Members of All India Akhar Parishad and local residents took out a protest march on Wednesday and Thursday to protest the murders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475228", "title": "Minor fire in Phulenagar school", "text": "PUNE: A minor fire broke out in the kitchen of a private English medium school in Phulenagar following a gas leak from an LPG cylinder on Thursday morning.The school authorities managed to douse the fire before the Pune fire brigade officials reached the spot. The firemen brought the cylinder out of the school and blocked the leakage.Fire officer Ramesh Gangad told TOI that around 8.45am, the principal of the school informed the fire brigade about the fire. \"When we reached the spot, the employees of the school had doused the flames. However, the gas was still leaking from the cylinder and we blocked the leakage,\" he said.Gangad said there was panic in the school as about 300 children were present on the premises when the incident took place.\"The fire was minor and was doused off immediately,\" principal of the school told TOI.Meanwhile, to create awareness about fire safety in schools, right to information activist Vihar Durve will distribute copies of fire safety guidelines issued by the state government. The copies will be available at Pavan Vihar, Jangli Maharaj Road on June 30 and July 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14495657", "title": "RTI activist Shailesh Gandhi's term as CIC comes to an end", "text": "New Delhi: One of India's most unusual experiments with citizen participation in governance is set to come to an end on Friday, when central information commissioner (CIC) Shailesh Gandhi retires. Gandhi, a noted Right To Information (RTI) activist from Mumbai, was appointed to the central information commission in 2008.Under the RTI Act, there is a state information commission in every state for its laws, and a central information commission for central Acts, headed by a chief information commissioner and up to ten commissioners under him. In 2008, the UPA caused something of a stir by appointing Gandhi as one of the central commissioners. Yet unknown in Delhi, he was well-known in Mumbai as a muck-raking RTI activist, who had taken to the new law with vigour and had rocked the Maharashtra government with RTI applications on controversial redevelopment schemes, among others. Such was his reputation that after his appointment, rumours swirled among activists that the new 'sarkari' posting was intended to stop him from filing more RTI applications.But if Delhi was meant to tame him, it has only made this 65-year-old grandfather more feisty and energetic than ever.A short, energetic man with a permanent twinkle in his eye and a healthy Gujarati love for papads, Gandhi gives every conversation his full attention. An alumnus of IIT Bombay, Gandhi set up and ran a successful plastics packaging business for over 20 years, winding it up in 2003 to dive headlong into \"something socially relevant\". His first RTI application revealed the extent to which cops were transferred on \"request\" in violation of a Maharashtra Act expressly prohibiting this, and shook the state government and police force. Inspired by the potential of Maharashtra's RTI Act, he joined the campaign for a national law.In September 2008, Gandhi was appointed to the central information commission in a manner he describes as \"entirely illogical, completely arbitrary...like a lottery.\" Since his appointment, Gandhi has heard over 20,000 cases and passed important orders including on the release of the Gadgil committee's report on environmental damage to the Western Ghats. In his last week at the office, Gandhi ruled that cabinet notes relating to new legislation must be made public within seven days of the Bill being tabled in Parliament.Among the accomplishments Gandhi is most proud of is that his is the first paperless government office in India, and of the speed at which he has worked, hearing over 20,000 cases in his tenure, over 25 a day. However high rates of pendency dog the central and state information commissions: 18,000 cases at the centre, 24,000 in Maharashtra and 35,000 in Uttar Pradesh. \"If this pendency keeps rising, we're going to reach a point very soon where it takes three to five years to hear a case, and citizens' attitude to the RTI will become similar to what it is to the judiciary: hopeless,\" says Gandhi. This is one of the issues he intends to work on following his retirement.Gandhi and his wife, Bharti (\"the last three letters of her name spell RTI,\" Gandhi likes to say), plan to spend the next two months with their daughter, son-in-law and infant grandson in the US, after which, he says, he will be back to work full-time on the RTI and governance. \"I'm quite sure I'm soon going to be standing before this same commission as an RTI appellant,\" he says with a chuckle.Gandhi says he feels lucky to have met thousands of determined RTI users, notable among them Harish Kumar, a small-scale plastics dealer and RTI activist who was injured in the Delhi High Court blast last year. \"I met him in the hospital after he'd had to have his leg amputated and he was amazingly positive. He's come before me several times after that, now with a prosthetic leg. His case was the first one I heard as information commissioner and he says he's disappointed he couldn't be my last case either,\" says Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14479832", "title": "Churches are turning into temples in UK and US!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Next month, a Swaminarayan temple will be thrown open to devotees in Los Angeles, California. While there are many Hindu shrines the world over, a majority of them built by global Gujaratis, the consecration scheduled on July 22 is special. For, this abode of Lord Swaminarayan was once a run-down church.The 80-year-old church was acquired for $1.3 million by Swaminarayan Maninagar Gaadi Sansthan (SMGS) last year.SMGS has acquired five such old churches in Canada, the US and the UK. A fortnight ago, the sect acquired a 121-year-old heritage church building in Toronto, Canada for $1.6 million. While the building is now being converted into a temple-ashram, SMGS plans to retain carvings and glass paintings which are of great heritage value.\"The idol installation at the California temple will take place in the inspiring presence of Gaadipati Purshottam Pridasji Maharaj,\" said Bhagwati Priyadasji of SMGS. Gujaratis constitute one of the largest immigrant communities and the growing number of Swaminarayan temples all over the world only underline the financial clout of the community. The SMGS has 12 temples abroad. Most of the churches acquired are situated in prime areas and in a run-down condition.Bhagwat Priyadasji said a 40-yearold church spread over three acres in Dalas, Texas, was acquired for $700,000 just a month ago. The trend started in the UK in 1982 when St Ninian's Church was bought for 200,000 pounds and a temple built on the 2.5 acre compound.In 1998, when a 70-year-old church in Bolton was bought and turned into a temple, the glass paintings which had images of Jesus Christ and Mother Mary were retained. \"People from different faiths visit this temple,\" says Mahesh Varsani, trustee of Swaminarayan Temple Trust in the UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14479035", "title": "Refer all financial fraud cases of over Rs 3 crore to CBI, says CVC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Vigilance Commission ( CVC) has directed all banks and financial institutions to report financial frauds of more than Rs 3 crore to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for probe.Cases below this threshold can be referred to the economic offences wing of the local police or state CIDs. The central agency was burdened with hundreds of such cases and was finding it difficult to investigate high value cases.In many high value cases, CBI was looking into involvement of senior management of banks and financial institutions where these officials, with the connivance of defaulters, had written off bad loans to the tune of Rs 500 crore and more in individual cases.While clearing routine cases of corruption of bank officials, the CBI was missing out on other high value cases where recoveries were to be made.Recently, the Supreme Court had directed banks not to enter into one-time settlement with any client whose loan account had turned bad without informing the CBI as this was affecting the agency's cases in courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14482007", "title": "UP govt may raise tax on tobacco products", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government is seriously considering increasing the tax levied on tobacco products. The step, officials say, will on one hand act as a deterrent and on the other increase state's revenue.An indication of government's policy was seen on Thursday when chief secretary Jawed Usmani, at a meeting, directed officials of the health, education, home, taxation and others to prepare a report on how to restrict use of tobacco. He said that soon a meeting of all the concerned departments will be called to prepare a plan for making UP a 'tobacco free state'.Sources said that though government will not ban tobacco and its products, but may increase tax by several times to bring down its usage. At present, there is 18.5% tax on tobacco products, which is very low in comparison to 50% in Rajasthan. UP ranks 5th in India in tobacco consumption. According to the Union health ministry estimates almost 4.5 crore people in the state consume tobacco. WHO states that every third person consuming tobacco can become a victim of cancer, heart attack and other fatal lung related diseases.Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, cancer surgeon at Tata Memorial Hospital (TMH) said, \"According to WHO reports, crores of people in UP face a life threat due to tobacco consumption. Government incurs crores of money on the fatal diseases caused due to tobacco. And it has been proved that the economical losses due to tobacco are ten times more than the revenue losses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "14483958", "title": "Drinking breast milk daily helps woman fight cancer", "text": "MELBOURNE: An Australian woman, being treated for bone marrow cancer, has claimed that drinking a glass of breast milk everyday helped her reduce cancer levels in her body.Jenny Jones, 62, said she has been taking a daily 400 ml dose of milk from an anonymous donor after being diagnosed with multiple myeloma , or bone marrow cancer, seven months ago.She said her cancer levels had reduced significantly after taking a month of daily doses of breast milk, according to a local media report.Her decision has been supported by doctors at John Flynn private hospital and the mater Hospital in Brisbane where she is being treated. Breast milk has been proven to help build immunity in newborn babies and is a unique nutritional source that cannot adequately be replaced by any other food.The mother-of-three admitted to also following standard cancer treatments including oral chemotherapy.Though breast milk treatment was not prescribed by her doctor, her decision has been supported by doctors at John Flynn Private Hospital and the Mater Hospital in Brisbane where she is treated. Gold Coast oncologist Steven Stylian said it was difficult to know which treatments were working on Jones but said he would not dismiss the milk treatment.\"People stumble across cures all the time this way,\" Stylian said, adding \"All treatments need to be evaluated and I'm open minded about it\" .Jones has been a lactation consultant at John Flynn for 14 years and said she knew about the milk's benefits. \"I'd never tasted it and never wanted to but once I had this big thing happen in my life, I just threw it down because I believe in it,\" Jones added. In 2010 researchers in Sweden had published a study that showed breast milk could kill cancer cells.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14493891", "title": "Trains witnessing rush of passengers", "text": "KANPUR: The Kanpur central railway station has been witnessing rush of passengers these days. The summer season is about to end and the people have started coming to the city from vacations. In the first week of July, the schools will open and the people, who had gone out have started coming back.Trains Lucknow-New Delhi bound Swarn Shatabdi express, Rewa express, Prayagraj express, Howrah-New Delhi bound Howrah Rajdhani express, Sealdah Rajdhani express, Allahabad- New Delhi bound special train are witnessing rush of passengers.Other trains like Darbhanga-New Delhi bound Bihar Sampark Kranti express, Puri-New Delhi bound Purshottam express, Gaya-New Delhi bound Mahabodhi express, Allahabad-Chandigarh bound Unchahaar express, Mumbai bound Pushpak express, Mumbai bound Udyognagri express, Sabarmati Express, Awadh express are all witnessing passengers. Apart from this rush, the number of passengers travelling between Kanpur and Delhi had gradually increased. In the month of July, the seats are available after July 15.Many people are hopeful that they would get confirmed seats under Tatkal booking system. Atravel agent said that the Delhi route is the busiest and there is no ticket available till July 15. All major trains on the Delhi route are witnessing heavy rush and running packed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14497665", "title": "Apparel destroyed in Chennai shop fire", "text": "CHENNAI: A fire that broke out at an apparel showroom in Peravallur early on Friday morning destroyed stacks of readymade garments. No one was injured. Police suspect a short circuit may have caused the fire.A security guard noticed smoke from the showroom and informed the building owner, Ramkumar, who lives next door on Paper Mills Road.Fire service personnel from Vyasarpadi and two other fire stations rushed to the scene. Fire personnel led by senior fire officer Kader put out the fire. \"We fought the fire from 5am to 7.30am,\" a fire officer said.Sembium police have registered a case and are probing the cause of fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ranasthalam (srikakulam)", "code": "14481029", "title": "Kovvada N-project rolls on", "text": "RANASTHALAM (SRIKAKULAM): Against the wishes of the locals, the authorities are gearing up to submit the environmental impact assessment (EIA) report on the 9,000 MW nuclear power plant at Kovvada Matsyalesam in Srikakulam's Ranasthalam mandal. Sources said all the necessary surveys except road strength inspection have been completed.Chief engineer of the Kovvada plant G Venkata Ramesh told TOI that they would be submitting the EIA report to the Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) in August first week. \"We are giving finishing touches to the reports of all the surveys we have conducted so far. We will make an exhaustive report by the end of July and submit to the MoEF,\" he said.A feasibility study for transportation of heavy machinery for the plant would be conducted along Vizag to Kovvada road, a detailed road survey being prepared for the same. \"The study would be completed very soon,\" Ramesh said. The heavy machinery and material would be transported from the Vizag port.Department of oceanography experts have been conducting surveys and collecting data on geographical parameters to design the reactors. Sources said they have been collecting data on velocity, humidity, temperature, tidal waves, wind speed, rain gauge, impact on the marine species and other aspects in the vicinity of the project site for the past one year.Intelligence cops are also busy collecting opinion of the people on the proposed nuclear plant. \"They are also collecting the data on anti-nuclear plant agitators,\" sources said. The plant is coming up in more than 2,000 acres at an estimated cost of Rs 1.40 lakh crore. In the first phase, two of the six reactors with a capacity of 1,300 MW each would be installed in next 4-5 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14494404", "title": "14 trapped in Little Rann airlifted", "text": "RAJKOT: As many as 14 people, who were trapped in the marshy land of Little Rann of Kutch near Surendranagar for two days, were rescued with the help of the Indian Air Force helicopters on Thursday.Ten persons, all from Bharwad community, entered the Little Rann from Kutch side to search for their cattle which had strayed into the region. However, they lost direction after walking into the desert. Meanwhile, they got stuck up in the marshy land due to the sea tide.On getting the news that some persons were trapped, four villagers staying near the Little Rann also ventured inside. However, they too got trapped in the partially waterlogged land. However, one of the persons had a mobile phone through which he contacted his relative in Mumbai, who in turn informed their kin in Kutch. From the person's mobile tower, officials got to know that they were stuck up near Khod village .\"We contacted the Air Force at Jamnagar two airlifted the trapped persons and brought them to Halvad,\" Surendranagar collector Pradeep Shah said. All 14 were hospitalized at Halvad as they were severely dehydrated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14478484", "title": "Choice of alias while launching website gave Abu Jundal away", "text": "NEW DELHI: Abu Jundal's choice of an alias helped intelligence agencies unravel his identity. Jundal aka Syed Zabiuddin Ansari chose to call himself Kaasif as he launched a website to attract young boys to the Lashkar-e-Taiba while he was in Saudi Arabia.This was a blunder. Indian counter-terror agencies were familiar with Kaasif as one of the nom de guerres that Jundal used. In fact, this was mentioned in the dossier on Jundal and other Indian fugitives holed up in Pakistan that was shared with Islamabad.Suspicions were strengthened when intelligence agencies, including western ones, noticed heavy traffic between Kaasif's website and others which were already on their radar for terror-related activities. They were confirmed on further monitoring leading the US to ask Saudi Arabia to detain Jundal.As already reported, the scanning of the website and the four email accounts that Jundal used after 26/11 has already yielded a cache of information on Lashkar operatives including those whom the Maharashtra- born alleged terrorist had managed to lure away to Saudi Arabia.\"We have recovered some numbers and email IDs of other persons from him,\" said a source.During his questioning, Jundal also talked about the Batla House encounter saying Lashkar bosses were angry with Indian police over the killing of Indian Mujahidin's alleged commander in the shootout.The investigators are now seeking to find out from Jundal whether he was in touch with the Lashkar's Saudi Arabia head - Mahmoud Mohammad Ahmed Bahaziq. Suspected to be one of Lashkar's main fund raisers in the Gulf region, Bahaziq is said to be very close to India's most wanted man Dawood Ibrahim as well.Jundal has already disclosed the name of Lashkar operative Shaukat who took him to Bangladesh in 2006 to escape Indian police who were looking for him for the Aurangabad arms haul and Ahmedabad train blast cases. A hunt is on for Shaukat.Sources also said Jundal has provided some details of sleeper cells of Lashkar in Kerala and other southern states. \"He says that while he never visited India after 2006, he remained in touch with those modules, using different numbers each time he contacted them,\" said an official familiar with the details of Jundal's interrogation.Jundal is being questioned by IB officials about various operatives of Lashkar in India. The agencies asked him questions about fake currency network being run by Iqbal Kana of Lashkar, hawala dealers based in India and Pakistan and hideouts in Jammu and Kashmir.\"He has not revealed much on these aspects yet,\" said a source. Jundal has, though, given details of his meetings with Indian Mujahideen bosses Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal in Muzzafarabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14495271", "title": "UT Powermen Union members to hold a protest march", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is not just the residents who have been struggling due to UT electricity department's failure of providing enough power to avoid scheduled and unscheduled power cuts, the electricity employees of Chandigarh too have been struggling hard to get their demands of procurement of basic materials like cables, conductors etc and filing up of over 500 vacant posts, fulfilled. because of which the maintenance and repair work has been suffering for years.\"On the other the recovery of defaulting amount and theft cases are not being checked thus loss of heavy amount to the department and the authorities are fully responsible for their inaction,\" said Gopal Dutt Joshi, General Secretary UT Powermen Union.\"Due to non filling up of vacant posts the staff is overburdened and accident rates are increasing causing great resentment amongst the employees as the dues have not been given nor any compassionate appointment has been given to the dependent of deceased employees even no proper tools and safety devices have been provided to the workmen. We will take a serious note of the adamant and negative attitude of the Chandigarh Administration particularly the authorities of engineering department towards the long pending genuine demands,\" said Ram Sarup president of UT Powermen Union Chandigarh.Some of their other demands include removal of pay anomalies that arises between the pay of senior and junior employees, Amendments in Rules of various categories, offer of appointment to the next kin of deceased employees by scrapping 5% ceiling on the pattern of power com employees and abolish of contract system beside withdrawal of proposal to corporatize the electricity department etc.They have now decided to hold a demonstration and protest march towards governor house on July 3 near electricity office sector 18 Chandigarh in support of the long pending demands of the electricity employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14475620", "title": "Anuj Bidve killer joked cops will not be able to find him", "text": "LONDON: 'Psycho Stapleton', a Briton standing trial for the murder of Indian student Anuj Bidve in the UK had checked into a hotel near the crime scene and joked to a friend that the police would not be able to find him, a court heard on Thursday. Kiaran Stapleton, 21, who identified himself as 'Psycho Stapleton' at an earlier court hearing, admits manslaughter on grounds of diminished responsibility, but denies murder.Bidve, 23, was murdered on December 26 last year in Salford. The trial for his murder is at the Manchester Crown Court and is being attended by his parents who have arrived from Pune.The trial was told on Thursday that after the shooting, Stapleton and his friend Ryan Holden exchanged several text messages, which were read out in court. Holden, who was with Stapleton during the shooting, is now a prosecution witness. CCTV footage from the hotel in which Stapleton checked in was shown.During his stay in the hotel, he repeatedly looked out to see the crime scene and watched television to monitor developments related to the incident. The court was told that Stapleton was arrested at 1:30 am on December 29 at a house in Leigh, Greater Manchester.When told he was being arrested on suspicion of murder, he reportedly said: \"Fu***** hell, getting woken up like that. Did you say suspicion?...You are just pulling in everyone from the area. I have got a job, me. I work nights, I was in the area.\"Bidve and eight other students at Lancaster University were in Manchester for Christmas and were en route to queue for the Boxing Day sales in the city centre when Stapleton approached them, asked for the time, and then without warning gunned down Bidve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14476359", "title": "E-stamping to be launched in city today", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major reform initiative, the Delhi government will on Friday launch electronic-stamping facility to completely do away with stamp paper of all denominations.Currently, e-stamping is applicable to values of Rs 501 and above but government has now decided abolish stamp papers of all denominations, which will mean people will have to pay stamp duty for sworn affidavits, agreement of tenancy, mortgage deeds, power of attorney and other instruments through e-stamping facility.The budget session of Delhi assembly had already passed a bill to introduce e-stamping for all denominations. The government had introduced e-stamping on April 1, 2008, in the city mainly to ensure transparency in payment of registration fee in property transactions. The facility was first introduced post-Telgi scam as a measure to curb stamp paper-linked frauds.The Delhi government had entered into an agreement with Stock Holding Corporation of India Ltd (SHCIL) to provide the service through its offices and authorised collection centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "14482693", "title": "Panel nod spells relief for Noida Extension", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: With the planning committee of the NCR Planning Board giving a nod to the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021, all stakeholders in Noida Extension feel that a giant burden has been lifted off their shoulders. For the first time in over a year, the one lakh homebuyers, Greater Noida Authority, farmers and developers are thinking on the same lines \u2014 redressal of grievances at the earliest.However, along with the good news, there's also a bad one. Developers say that while old buyers will remain unaffected, new ones will have to shell out almost double the rates as property prices have shot up as compared to last year.Greater Noida Authority CEO, Rama Raman, said that his first priority will be addressing the grievances of all farmers whose lands have been acquired.The most elated are members of the Noida Extension Flat Owners and Members Association who have been fighting for their right ever since the land row started. \"We will meet Authority officials next week to discuss farmers' grievances since we had joined hands with them to fight this battle,\" said Abhishek Kumar of the buyers' body.However, farmers are still an apprehensive lot. \"The issue is a multi-layered one. Land in eight of the 11 villages in the area has been denotified by the court. Cases in more than 40 villages are currently pending in court. So how can the Master Plan be passed without first addressing these matters?\" asked farmer leader Dushyant Nagar, a member of Kisan Sangharsh Samiti. Farmers of 11 villages will convene a mahapanchayat on July 1 to decide their next course of action.Apart from buyers, this move comes as a major relief to developers whose investments have been tied in the projects without any earnings. Supertech chairman and managing director, RK Arora, said, \"We hope to resume construction by July end.\" Developers have also started sharing this news with homebuyers. \"This win would not have been possible without the patience of homebuyers who supported us throughout the land row,\" said Mohit Arora, director, Supertech.While director of Gaursons, Manoj Gaur, said that this is a vital win in favour of buyers and the realty industry, Amrapali Group CMD, Anil Gupta hoped to hand over flats to buyers within a new timeframe. \"This decision will improve the image of Greater Noida and Noida Extension. The land row had brought a negative impact in the region,\" said Orris infrastructures managing director, Amit Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14495796", "title": "Modasa police arrest 11 women for illegal country made liquor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Modasa police has arrested 11 women for their involvement in the making and selling country made liquor.Modasa police said that acting on the tip off, the police raided the illegal liquor den and found all women who were involved in the making and selling of country made liquor. Police said that this is the fourth such raid and in the past they had recovered men and women. But this is for the first time that the police arrested all women.Police said that these women who are from the chara community are usually into these trade. Police said that it was the same community members who were involved in consumption of this country made liquor.Those arrested included Manu chara, kokila chara, Subhadara Chara, Kanchan Rajubhai, sharmila Mukeshbhai, Jayshree Shantibhai, Maniben Natubhai, Urmilaben Ratnabhai, Jayshree Dhanji, Sonika Mangalbhai and Laxmiben Jesarbhai Chara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14478378", "title": "Mihan rehab by Dec, says Darade", "text": "NAGPUR: Pravin Darade, joint managing director of MADC, has assured that rehabilitation of Mihan project affected persons (PAPs) would be completed by December.\"We have sanctioned Rs 64.6 crore for providing civic amenities in the PAP village in Chinchbhuvan. The contract will be awarded soon and the work will begin after rains. The villagers can be shifted even now but land award for the village has to be passed. Once this is done, the village will be registered as a gaothan in government records. We are confident of shifting the villagers by year end,\" Darade, who is also chairman of Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT), said.The residents of Telhara, Dahegaon, Kalkuhi and Khapri (part) will be shifted to Chinchbhuvan. MADC, in the board meeting decided to use Rs 181 crore for land acquisition in 2012-13. Rs 194 crore was sanctioned in 2011-12 but only Rs 13 crore was used and rest has been carried forward.MADC also awarded the contract for constructing the taxiway linking Boeing MRO and runway to M/s BBA Infrastructure Ltd. The estimate was Rs 67.6 crore but the contractor has agreed to do it for Rs 57.6 crore (25% below), Darade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14476994", "title": "MPSC, SSC exam dates clash, leave aspirants in lurch", "text": "NAGPUR: A major blunder has been committed by those planning the dates for government service exams. Maharashtra Public Service Commission (MPSC) exam has been scheduled for June 30 whereas the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) exam is on July 1.This year, instead of conducting MPSC across the state, the planners have selected Mumbai as the only centre. On the other hand, SSC exam will be held regionally. So, aspirants appearing for both SSC and MPSC face a hectic weekend.On Saturday, they will have to reach Mumbai for the MPSC test, most of them will have to reach their regional centre on Sunday for the SSC exam; since all must have certainly applied for their regional centres. To appear for the SSC paper on Sunday, they will have to rush back to their respective cities.Jagdish Kurzekar from the city is one of those who will appear for both exams and is facing problems because it is practically very difficult to commute between the two cities in one day.\"Till last year, MPSC was held in the entire state. It is very inconvenient for students to go to Mumbai and come back in a day and appear for another exam,\" said Kurzekar.MPSC officials were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14477501", "title": "Touts hog the Tatkal pie, railways says", "text": "MANGALORE: The going is tough for train passengers wanting to lay their hands on railway ticket under tatkal scheme in Mangalore. A section of passengers allege that their efforts to get a ticket under tatkal come to naught as touts monopolize reservation counters to block tickets and sell it at a premium for those willing to pay for it. , thereby denying genuine passengers a shot at this ticketing arrangement.The three reservation counters at Mangalore Central Railway station receive around 100 applications for tickets under tatkal scheme each day. The demand for tatkal train tickets for Matsyagandha Express connecting Mangalore to Mumbai is the highest.Narendra Nayak, a passenger, who recently visited the reservation counter, situated in the commercial building of Mangalore City Corporation alleged that when he went to book a ticket from Mangalore to Bangalore around 8am, he found a group of touts having occupied chairs in front of the reservation counter and one person was carrying more than a dozen tatkal application forms and ID cards.\"There is huge racket in the city involving people who are getting most of the tatkal tickets,\" he said, adding railway authorities should take action against people involved in this racket and provide better service for passengers.Another passenger Amar Twayna, a final year medical lab technology student who frequently travels to Mumba,i says getting tickets under tatkal was difficult for a few months because of some travel agents. But railway authorities have become strict in issuing tatkal tickets, and police, too, are cracking down on touts who continue to make the reservation counters their favourite haunt, Amar noted.However when TOI contacted chief reservation officer N Mohan, he denied the allegations. Mohan said, \"Tickets are not reserved if passengers do not produce ID proof and we will inform police if any person is standing in queue frequently to get more than one ticket under Tatkal.\" Demand for Tatkal has declined as summer vacation has ended, Mohan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14478689", "title": "Maharashtra Airport Development Company to raise Rs 420cr for Mihan, smaller airports in state", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) will be raising another Rs 420 crore of debt to fund its projects, including Mihan and small town airports of the state. The fresh loan has already been tied up.MADC plans to pay back Rs 100 crore of its earlier loans of Rs 200 crore this fiscal, after which it will hold long term debt of Rs 520 crore owed to a consortium of public sector banks led by Vijaya Bank . The decision on taking further loans was approved in the company's annual general meeting held on Tuesday. MADC will be offering land outside the special economic zone (SEZ) to banks as a security against the loan.Even earlier, a part of land under MADC was offered as security when it raised loans to meet its requirements. The debt is not backed by a state government guarantee as this practice is being discouraged these days, said MADC vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan. However, the exact quantum of land offered as security was not readily available with him.With a total debt of Rs 520 crore in its books, MADC has a capital base of Rs 17 crore. However, its net worth, which includes reserves and value of assets including land, is pegged at Rs 800 crore said Madan. The value of land is pegged at around Rs 440 crore, he said.A total budget of Rs 935 crore was approved during the meeting. Apart from the loan, Rs 435 crore of state government grants have been taken into account, with the rest coming from sale of land in SEZ by MADC. The company has been left with a surplus of Rs 6 crore.Almost Rs 840 crore will be used for various projects, including development of infrastructure at Mihan as well as at the Shirdi and Karad airports. Development work on the three projects will need Rs 318 crore.The rest will be used for acquisition of land in the Jaitala-Bhamti belt, from where the company needs the last patch of 146 acres, as well as developing plots to be offered to those being ousted, under the 12.5% scheme. A part of the sum will be spent in rehabilitating the project affected persons (PAPs) at Chinchbhuwan, he said. Madan said the loans will be repaid from funds realized on sale of land in the SEZ.On developing cargo hub along with the SEZ, he said MADC is waiting for the land swap issue to be settled with Indian Air Force (IAF), after which it will be invite bids for developing the airport on built operate and transport basis.Financial experts say MADC has strong financial status. \"With a surplus of Rs 6 crore and net worth of Rs 800 crore, a loan of Rs 520 crore is well within the limits,\" said Samir Bakre, former chairman of Nagpur branch of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14493008", "title": "Shaji Kailas praises Prithviraj", "text": "Director Shaji Kailas is busy with the postproduction work of Simhasanam, where he has directed actor Prithviraj for the first time.And the filmmaker is all praise for the actor, whose \"problem\" is his high intelligence quotient. \"Over the years, I've had many actors in the top league star in my flicks; but Prithviraj is a class apart. It is his high IQ that sets him apart from the rest,\" says Shaji, adding, \"The way he studies his character, grasps his dialogues and slips into his role is amazing.\"The actor, who is down with chicken pox, will soon resume dubbing his part for the flick, Shaji informs. \"Prithvi is so good at work that even if his co-stars forget their lines, he remembers all of it, with every word intact. Working with him was an all-new experience for me,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14480070", "title": "Centenarians give tips to live beyond 100", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Want to hit a ton? You need to take tips from the centenarians - 100 years and counting - who have stuck to basics when it comes to lifestyle.Coming out with a manual is Ahmedabad-based NGO Society for Research and Initiatives for Sustainable Technologies and Institutions (Sristi), which plans to share the secrets of longevity of centenarians across India. This will be a unique, publicly-accessible d at a based on the wisdom of centenarians.In an elaborate study spanning a decade and a half, Sristi has profiled 370 centenarians from across the country, mostly women, and documented over 2,400 remedies. Of these, over 250 centenarians are from rural Gujarat.Even at the age of 107, Gangaben Makwana of Samthipara village in south Gujarat has retained her teeth. She never eats or drinks anything too hot or too cold. Until a few years back, she had never tasted tea. Wonder woman Puriben (113) from Banaskantha can still thread a needle and has never been to hospital for any treatment. Her secret: pure 'satvik' diet since childhood. Also, keeping busy with constructive activities.Anil Gupta, founder of Sristi and a professor at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, said in every 'shodhyatra', where he traverses through the countryside in search of ancient wisdom, he has met numerous such centenarians and studied their habits. \"Given all the lifestyle related problems today, centenarians have a right to advise how to live sustainably.\"Gupta's next plan is to have their voices, videos and advice posted on the website. \"We will put together this rich resource of recipes, stories, songs and advice, collected over 29 shodhyatras during last 15 years,\" says Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14478256", "title": "Sewer line mistaken for borewell in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration seems to have gone into an overdrive following last week's incident in which five-year-old Mahi died after falling into an illegally dug borewell in Manesar.Late Wednesday afternoon the deputy commissioner's office received a complained that a borewell was being dug illegally in Krishna Colony in the old city. Since the area comes under the municipal corporation, the deputy commissioner immediately directed senior MCG officials to rush to the spot and seal the borewell. However, later on officials found out that the complaint was incorrect as no borewell was being dug, but instead some sewer work was going on in that place.In fact, the deputy commissioner had ordered that apart from sealing the premises, the MCG should also register a FIR against the person undertaking the digging as well as against the company that provided the machine to dig the borewell. The incident was said to be taking place inside a school premises.According to sources, the district administration has gone into a tizzy ever since the unfortunate incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14496846", "title": "Senior Tamil Nadu cop suspended a day before retirement", "text": "CHENNAI: Senior police officer in the rank of additional director general of police (ADGP) Thukkaiyandi was placed under suspension just a day before his retirement on Friday.Thukkaiyandi was holding many key posts as inspector-general of police (IGP) in CB-CID, Idol Wing CID and Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) ADGP in DVAC.Thukkaiyandi was responsible for registering a case against the present chief minister J Jayalalithaa during the DMK regime (1996-2001). The trial for the case is still going on in bangalore.Thukkaiyandi is also facing a land grabbing case registered against him in the central crime branch (CCB) in Chennai city police. He got into the service as deputy superintendent of police (DSP) in 1975.As he is placed under suspension, Thukkaiyandi will not get any benefits and perks for his retirement until he clears the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480240", "title": "Krishna urges Indian private sector to invest in Afghanistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday made a strong pitch for investment by India's own private sector in Afghanistan as it sought to sell the country as a major investment destination to the world. Addressing a meet of potential investors from across 40 countries, foreign minister S M Krishna called upon companies to contribute \"to the security, stability and prosperity of Afghanistan and the region particularly as NATO forces draw down from a combat to a train, advise and assist role\".\"We need to offer a narrative of opportunity to counter the anxiety of withdrawal, uncertainty, instability and foreign interference,\" Krishna said at the meet, organized by CII.Pakistan too participated in the meet, with its private companies having B2B meetings with their Afghan counterparts.\"Investments can provide that hope for employment, training and opportunity for the future. We encourage our industries to venture into Afghanistan in numbers together with Afghan partners. Let the grey suits of businessmen take the place of the olive green fatigues of soldiers and generals in Afghanistan,\" he added.Krishna said that building Afghanistan's economic self-reliance will be more enduring than the development and tactical assistance given to the country as he urged Indian industry to step up their investments in the war-torn nation. He said India has taken several steps to increase imports from Afghanistan, including concessional Customs duties, and that Indian companies investing in the country could tap the domestic market for exports.Krishna observed that global investments in Afghanistan could turn the country into a regional trade and transit hub that easily links with the energy-rich Central Asian republics, and growing markets of India, China, Russia and Turkey .He proposed a Mutual Compact between foreign governments and global investors to drive investments in Afghanistan in a manner that benefits both Afghanistan and the investing entities. Earlier, Dr Zalmal Rassoul, minister of foreign affairs, Islamic Republic of Afghanistan , said in his address that the government of Afghanistan has accorded high priority to private sector development, which will lead to industrialization, accelerated job creation, and greater economic self-reliance. Stating that public and private investments in Afghanistan has scaled the $10 billion level this year, he said the Afghan government has ushered in investor-friendly laws that will be of essence to regional and internal investors look at business opportunities in Afghanistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14496434", "title": "HC rejects PIL against land allotment to Archean Chemicals", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has dismissed a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by an environment activist questioning land allotment to a company - Archean Chemicals near Pakistan border in the Great Rann of Kutch.The government allotted 40,000 hectare land to the company, which is supposed to produce sulphate of potash in association with Central Salt and Marine Chemicals Research Institute.The petitioner organization - Paryavaran Mitra questioned the land deal mainly on the ground that the land was leased by the government at a throwaway price - Rs 150 per hectare. It also included allegations leveled by the opposition Congress party that the promoter of the company is a close relative of BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu.The objection was raised also because the land is in close vicinity of the Banni grassland, which is a protected wildlife sanctuary. However, a division bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala dismissed the PIL saying that the land was not sold to the company, but just given on a lease.The court also rejected the petition on the ground of delay with observation that the project had commenced in 2008, but the PIL was filed three years later. Such a long delay in this case is fatal as the company had by then invested Rs 400 crore and provided employment to around 500 locals. \"We cannot disturb the third party interest created on account of delay solely on the ground that Government ought not to have allotted the land without putting the same to auction thereby inviting others also if interested in such a project,\" the court said.Besides, the HC also took into consideration that the issue of land allotment is also being looked into by an inquiry commission headed by former Supreme Court judge M B Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14483388", "title": "Victim identified in lodge murder case", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two days after the unknown dead body of a young woman was found by Coimbatore rural police, they have identified the victim on Thursday as P Venkateswari, 23, who completed her BEd from Madathukulam in Tirupur district.Police said, she had an affair with her relative Prakash of Tirupur and was working in a dyeing unit. He is five years younger than her. They had given fake names and addresses at the lodge. On June 21 around 11 pm, the duo had gone to a private lodge in Mettupalayam and told the lodge staff that they were on the way to Ooty. They were forced to break in Mettupalayam because they were waiting for the car to be fixed.On June 26, she was found smothered to death. Three special teams had been formed to nab the culprit. One of the special teams went to Kodaikanal. Another had gone to Madathukulam and conduct an inquiry with P Rajeswari, mother of the deceased. She told the police that her daughter was missing. She was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) to identify the body.Police said Prakash and Venkateswari had married in 2010. Her mother had lodged a complaint with Madathukulam police stating the boy was a minor and thus the marriage was illegal. The police allegedly separated the couple. But the duo continued to meet. They went on road trips, spending a few days away from home. They quarreled often which eventually led to murder, said police. The body of the deceased was handed over to Rajeswari after the postmortem. A special team has gone to Kerala and another to Tirupur to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480687", "title": "Andhra Pradesh I-T wing to get new chief", "text": "HYDERABAD: The office of the chief commissioner of Income Tax (CC 1) in Andhra Pradesh is finally set to be filled on Friday after a two-month wait. Taking over as the new boss of the state's I-T wing is Suresh Jandhyala, a 1979 batch IRS officer. The AP man, who will hold additional charge as CC 3, was previously posted as Director General (DG-Investigations) in Chennai. He has also served as I-T commissioner in Surat (Ahmedabad) and Kolhapur (Maharashtra) during his tenure. Jandhyala was preceded by G Rajeshwar Rao who retired from the position in April.Apart from the top job, even the position of CC 2 was reshuffled by the Central Board of Direct Taxes ( CBDT) through an order (No.113 of 2012) issued earlier this month. Bibhab Dutta, who had been promoted as chief commissioner (he was appointed CC 2) last year, has now been re-designated as DG (investigations), a charge that was held by Mukesh Kumar so far. Dutta's post will now be filled in by Jayant Hota. Mukesh Kumar, a 1977 batch IRS officer, will be the new DG (investigations) of the Lucknow zone.Jandhyala is a native of Guntur district. He has three more years of service left. Hota, also a 1979 batch IRS officer, was stationed as I-T commissioner in AP in 2005. He served for a few years at the position before being transferred. He is due for retirement in October this year.\"The appointments have been welcomed by the staffers of the I-T department because both the top bosses are familiar with the state. It is always favourable to have a local person in these positions as it helps to address the tax concerns of the state better,\" said an I-T sleuth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14490870", "title": "Brand 'Durga' to be marketed in Bengal during festivities", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal's most worshiped deity will now be \"marketed\" to the world. The state tourism department has drawn up ambitious plans to market the Durga Puja festivities to both domestic and international tourists and it's plans have already started to appeal people - nearly 500 German tourists are set to arrive in Kolkata - for the four day festivities, which now tend to drag on for week.State tourism minister Rachpal Singh said, \"The idea is to showcase Bengal and what's best than the Durga Puja itself. The tourism department has for the past few years, catering to tourists during the festivities but only in bits and pieces. Now we will provide people an end-to-end package. Right from the moment they embark on Kolkata airport to their departure, we will provide everything. We have already started speaking to Puja organizing committees to allow us certain number of VVIP passes to cater to our tourists.\"Singh speaking during a budget discussion in the State Assembly on Thursday said, \"The state tourism department has already revamped its website at an estimated cost of Rs 21-lakh. But the moot question is to involve the big-ticket travel agencies. They do crores of business every year selling destinations to people in Bengal. Why wouldn't they contribute to the state's revenue? I held a meeting with some of them and they were clearly told that they should also bring domestic and international tourists to Bengal. I personally believe they should bring atleast one and a half times more tourists to Bengal compared to what numbers they take outside. In case, they fail, the government wouldn't dither to proactively frame rules to correct this imbalance on tourist traffic.\"The minister also said, \"There are certain agencies empanelled by the government of India to sell state tourist destinations, both inside and outside the country. They are paid for it. But it is very unfortunate that they have done little. I have personally spoken to five of these groups and have asked them to effectively market Bengal abroad.\" The minister also informed that the Centre has recently approved Rs 50 crore to develop tourism in north Bengal.Singh said, \"In the Durga Puja plans we intend to rope both the travel agencies and the marketing firms. The deals would also be there in our website. We will tie-up with private hotels and agencies and cater to all needs of the visiting tourists - from Pandal inauguration to immersion. Should someone want to sneak in for a day long week-end gateway, there would be provisions too. A lot of people outside and enthused by Durga Puja - not to mention the NRI Bengalis abroad. We are hopeful to make it a success.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14478831", "title": "My life is never going to be the same again: BMW crash victim", "text": "GURGAON: Shailesh Shetye, the husband of Kshama Chopra Shetye who was killed in an accident involving a speeding BMW car two months ago, fears that his life will not be the same again once he gets back on his feet in about two months.In an exclusive interview with TOI from an undisclosed location where he is undergoing treatment, Shailesh said his only aim in life now would be to get justice for his late wife and bring the real culprits to book.Shailesh said that in their 12 years of togetherness, there was hardly any period when they lived away from each other.\"And here, I stand in utter despair hoping that this is just a bad dream \u2014 I'm going to wake up and everything will be fine. I'm hoping this is not true and Kshama is somehow going to come back and everything will be fine,\" he said.\"Then I realize that my world is never going to be the same again. I just keep going back to the incident and keep thinking - what was my mistake? Why did this happen to me? I'm living a nightmare that is never going to end. Every morning, I wake up with a sinking feeling that is never going to go away,\" he added.Shailesh has suffered fractures in his pelvic bones and has been bedridden ever since. He will require another two months to stand on his feet. \"This is horrible lying on bed for eight weeks, but my biggest fear is what I will do when I recover from the physical wound. Today, my parents and relatives are here, while close friends drop in to give me company.\" \"I am numb and in absolute shock with Kshama's loss and the unborn baby. Kshama was my world and she was everything that I had. My whole world revolved around her \u2014 she was a way of life for me. She was the best thing that had ever happened to me,\" Shailesh added.\"Kshama was very fond of kids. Unfortunately, last year she gave birth to a premature baby who died within a few days. She was very happy about the future, but who knew that everything would change in a second?\" asked Shailesh.Kshama's parents too had suffered severe injuries in the accident. Kshama's mother Veena Chopra has brain injuries and had been on ventilator support for the last seven weeks. She was shifted out the ICU only last week.\"But this does not mean any improvement in her condition. She does not recognize anyone. She gains consciousness only for a few moments during the entire day. She has also suffered multiple fractures on both hands and legs. She underwent skin grafting surgery on her arms as some skin was ripped off during the accident,\" Shailesh explained.Kshama's father, Rajender Chopra, who is a heart patient, hasn't been told about her daughter's death. He has been told that she is in hospital in a critical condition. He has suffered fractures in the backbone and is bedridden.Shailesh, a native of Goa, and Kshama from Bhilai met at Symbiosis Institute of Management Studies in Pune in 2000. They got married in 2005 and lived in the UK for over six years before shifting to Mumbai two years ago.The couple had come to Gurgaon for heart surgery of Kshama's father when they met with an accident on May 5, when a speeding BMW rammed into an Indigo car near IFFCO Tower killing its driver Sanjay Gulati and Kshama. Shailesh, Kshama's parents and a BMW occupant Daksh Jaiswal were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14497402", "title": "Bombay HC restrains producers of Bol Bachchan from creating further rights after IDBI claims Rs 24 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court this week restrained Ashtavinaya Cine Vision\u2014film producers\u2014from creating any further rights in the film \"Bol Bachchan' and from receiving money for creation of any further rights without permission of the court after observing that prima facie the producer was not being a honest litigant. The order came in a suit filed by IDBI Bank Limited which said the producer owes it RS 24 crore. The Bank represented by advocate Nishit Dhruva and senior counsel Venkatesh Dhond said the money was due against loans given to Ashtavinayak for films called \"Run Bhola Run' and \"Mud Mud Ke Na Dekh Mud Mud Ke.\" The progress of these two films is in the \"doldrums\" the bank informed the court. IDBI is a government-owned bank.The court perused the record of the bank and observed that it clearly showed that Ashtavinayak admitted it owed the bank more than Rs 24 crore. Dhond informed the court that since last December, Ashtavinayak had \"not paid the bank a farthing\" and that the agreement of loan had a clause that prevented Ashtavinayak from undertaking any new project without approval of IDBI Bank. The IDBI bank said that Ashtavinayak made the film 'Bol Bachchan' without gettingthe bank's approval.The film producers represented by Counsel Chetan Kapadia and Ishwar Nankani informed the court that they had no rights left with them or monies receivable in respect of 'Bol Bachchan' which stars Abhishek Bachchan and Ajay Devgan and is scheduled for a July 2012 release. But Justice B R Gavai of the Bombay high court who heard and passed orders in the matter on June 26 observed that \"prima facie it appears the stand taken by Ahtavinayak is not that of a honest litigant.\" The judge sai, \"Having borrowed huge amounts from the Bank and having agreed that it owes the bank Rs 24 crore and also agreeing not to undertake new projects without the bank's approval it now says it has no rights left in the film to create any third party rights. Prima facie, the conduct appears to be to defeat the Bank's claim.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14481380", "title": "Govt yet to decide on junior residency scheme", "text": "PATNA: The government is yet to make any move to implement the junior residency scheme in medical college hospitals in the state.The health department had assured the junior doctors in writing in January, 2012, that a committee was being formed which would give its report within three months and it would be implemented within six months.Though the health department sources said the report has been submitted to the principal secretary, health, the government is yet to take any action on it. Implementation of junior residency scheme is a long pending demand of the junior doctors of the state. The junior doctors of Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH) and the Darbhanga Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) have been on strike for the last one week to press their demand for implementation of the scheme. They are not at all satisfied with the recent hike in their stipend.NMCH junior doctors' association president, Dr Rajnish Kumar, said, \"We are not satisfied with the hike in our stipend. In spite of listening to our demands concerning implementation of junior residency scheme in the state, this hike has been brought as a ploy to divert our attention from the real issue.\"Dr Kumar said, 'In January this year, the then principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha had given us a written assurance that in three months the committee concerned would submit its report after going through the details and within six months junior residency scheme would be implemented in the state. However, the government has not taken any concrete step in this regard so far.\"The association accused the chief minister and health minister of not listening to their grievances. \"Once we meet them and present our demands before them, we will call off our strike,\" Dr Kumar said, adding, \"A delegation of the association met governor on Wednesday and made him aware of its demand. Till the government gives us any categorical assurance about implementation of the scheme, our strike will continue.\"Talking to TOI, principal secretary, health, Vyasji said, \"I will have to look into the matter. All their genuine demands will be fulfilled but their proceeding on strike was inappropriate. We hiked their stipend but still they are on strike. They are harming themselves as they will not get stipend for the strike period.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14483035", "title": "Mumbai's lifeline goes offtrack", "text": "MUMBAI: The heavy showers on Thursday crippled the suburban train services, leaving lakhs of passengers inconvenienced through the day. There was flooding on tracks near Malad and signal failure at Kurla, Ghatkopar, Vikhroli on the Main line and at Mankhurd, Chembur and Kurla on the Harbour line.Several commuters told TOI that trains ran as late as one hour on the Central Railway while it was delayed by 20 to 30 minutes on Harbour and Western lines. Passengers also waited for 20 to 40 minutes on crowded platforms to catch trains and this too was a challenging task, as trains arrived with passengers packed like sardines.Commuters were seen fuming, with several college students who were headed for admissions, being stranded on platforms. \"Indicators on Central Railway showed timings of trains which should have left (as per time table) more than an hour ago. This is frustrating. Also, we don't have an alternate mode of transport to reach CST. There are refusals from taxis and autos, and roads too have traffic snarls,\" said Mahesh Gada, a regular commuter from Mulund. On the WR, Kavita Nadkarni, who was boarded a 8.22am Churchgate train from Borivli said, \"My train left at 8.40am and reached Churchgate at 10.05 am. This is just the first heavy showers of the season, and we are already facing delays.\"Another passenger, Mukund Ghanekar, from Bhandup said, \"It was just a few hours of heavy showers since last night, and we are already facing so much inconvenience. The railway officials make false claims of pre-monsoon work done on tracks and for signals.\" Some commuters said there was flooding on tracks near Kurla, though the railway spokesperson denied this.CR spokesperson V Chandrasekar told TOI, \"Due to incessant rains, there were intermittent signal failures at Kurla, Ghatkopar, Vikhroli, Mankhurd, Chembur and Kurla. The drains parallel to railway tracks in Ghatkopar-Kurla section overflowed which was a contributory factor in signal failures. Precautions were taken to clamp and set all tracks in straight direction to ensure safe running of trains.\"He said trains were running 25 to 30 minutes late on Main line and 15 to 20 minutes late on Harbour line. \"By 3.45pm, signals began to function properly. There is still some delay on account of bunching of trains,\" he said. Commuters also complained of delays and cancellations of some trains during evening peak hour rush. The PRO said this was due to bunching of trains caused by signal failures in the morning. In all, 148 suburban trains were cancelled on Thursday.Western Railway spokesperson Sharat Chandrayan said the delay on WR was just eight to ten minutes. \"It was mainly between 9am and 10.30am and was due to water-logging near Malad,\" he said.Commuters had problems as some trains were cancelled at Dadar while other trains took more than double the time to reach CST. Many commuters took taxis at Dadar but ended up spending two times the normal fare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14495002", "title": "Gautham Menon and Suriya launches Mugamoodi trailer", "text": "The much expected flick Mugamoodi, directed by Myshkin, is all set to see its first look trailer.ctor Suriya and Director Gautham Menon launch the trailer in Sathyam Cinemas tomorrow. It is said that the first copy will be given to Director Lingusamy. When Jiiva plays the lead, the other casts are Narain, who plays the villain and Femina Miss India finalist Pooja Hegde play a journalist. When Gagin is the editor, Krishnakumar takes care of the music and Sathya looks after cinematography. The famous Prakash Raj and Nageshwara Rao also play an important role in the film. Mugamoodi is the first super hero picture from UTV in Kollywood.Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14491748", "title": "Youngsters dribble the ball as Euro Cup fever grips city", "text": "INDORE: It's 5 pm, and Abizar is anxious to get on with his freestyle football. On reaching the ground he dribbles and holds the football for a few minutes before bouncing it on his shoulders and letting it roll on his back, arms, forehead and back to his foot.Even as he does this, passersby are mesmerized the way Abizar balances the football for about 20 minutes before brining it to rest on the ground.An engineering student, Abizar Shakruwala, developed interest in freestyling after watching YouTube videos featuring the likes of ace freestylers Ronaldinho , Zinedine Zidane , and Zlatan Ibrahimovic. An avid footballer himself, Abizar has represented tournaments at state level.The sport is popular in European countries, where regular tournaments are held. \"It is quite popular in UK and other countries, and is picking up in India,\" he says.\"I have been learning these skills from ninth standard and have progressed to trick the ball and hold it in the air.\"With the ongoing Euro Cup matches, many city youngsters are seen thronging the football grounds of city.\"Flamboyant Edgar Davids , Ronaldo , and Messi have inspired me to learn controlling the ball in the air,\" said Akansh Sharma, an engineering student, adding that he hopes that the tournaments for freestyle football are held in the city on the lines of those happening in Chennai, Mumbai and others.\"Freestyling needs a lot of practice and an equal amount of patience,\" says Sandeep Gaud, a local football coach. \"It requires a lot of stamina but once you have mastered the basic art of juggling, you only get better with practice.\"Swapnil, who works for a city-based event management firm says, \"I love playing tricks with football. It's been two year I got interested and started practising freestyle. Normally I perform chest trapping, 360, the neck stall (where you rest the ball on your neck) and around the world (where you rotate it around your legs) with great ease. I used to practice these tricks daily for almost three hours.\"\"I think it's a very good platform for young talents. These days, many competitions are held around the world, and career opportunities are increasing by every passing day,\" he adds.Kavish, 22, a management student has been practising freestyle football for the last two years. He is a football crazy guy and practises it a lot and can easily pull off a few tricks.Box -Freestyle is relatively a new sport, also known as freestyle soccer, the art of expressing yourself with a football, while performing tricks with various parts of body. It has become a widespread sport across the world and is practised by many people. Even in Indore, the sport has been gaining popularity among the youngsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14500517", "title": "Oh My God", "text": "CreditsDirector: Umesh Shukla Cast: Akshay Kumar, Paresh Rawal Release Date: September 28, 2012SynopsisThe comedy gurus are back, this time in a spiritual avatar. The popular Hera Pheri duo Akshay Kumar and Paresh Rawal who made the audience laugh at every second dailogue is coming back with their new venture 'Oh My God'.The film which is a based on Umesh Shukla's Gujarati play \" Kanji Viruddh Kanji \" has Paresh Rawal in the lead role playing the character of Kanjibhai. Akshay Kumar plays the character of modern day Lord Krishna. What unites these two characters in the film is the central plot. It's a tale of unconventional happenings in normal day to day lives and when your recipe has a mix of Akshay Kumar and Paresh Rawal, it's sure as hell going to tickle your funny bone.With Lord Krishna himself coming down for our beloved Kanji on planet earth, the film which is set to release on September 28 is going to have everyone rushing to the theatres saying, \" Oh My God .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14494884", "title": "Refusal will land auto rickshaw drivers in trouble", "text": "VADODARA: Next time any auto-driver refuses to carry you to your destination or demands lump-sum money instead of charging by meter, all you have to do is dial 100 and inform the police.The cops will take immediate action against the auto rickshaw driver. In a bid to crackdown on the erring auto drivers who harass passengers and those overloading their autos with share passengers, the city police have upped its drive over last two days. The traffic police have been penalizing the autos that are overloading their vehicles with passengers and not following traffic rules.The idea is to help passengers who want to travel short distance or to the outskirts of the city. Police officials said that the auto drivers usually turn away passengers who want to travel for a short distance by meter and instead prefer share passengers to earn some more money.\"We don't want to discourage the sharing system in the autos. Our aim is to make journey smooth for those who want to ride in autos by meter. The autos have to take in passenger if he wants to travel by meter,\" city police commissioner Satish Sharma said.Sharma added that the rules to govern auto transport system were already in place and that the police is just reinforcing it again. \"We got several complaints from people stating that the auto drivers are harassing them. There were also complaints of auto drivers charging more money than the meter charge,\" Sharma told TOI.The sharing passenger system may also suffer setback with the cops penalizing auto drivers carrying more than three passengers. \"Several auto drivers carry four to six passengers on sharing system to earn more money. However, it is against the law and also hazardous. We are penalizing all the auto drivers who are overloading their vehicles,\" a police official said.This move will now discourage auto drivers from carrying passengers on sharing system as they won't earn much from fares paid by three passengers. \"We welcome the police drive if it is done honestly and impartially. Often many traffic cops are partial in their approach as they don't penalize auto drivers whom they know,\" said Kandarp Vyas, president of Vadodara Rickshaw Chalak Congress, affiliated with INTUC.\"We do agree that no passenger should be turned away or overcharged by auto drivers for earning extra income. But, traveling for short distance is not financially viable for auto drivers,\" Vyas said.bpautodriverjakirpatel: (Auto driver)We are ready to take people by meter but most of them insist on sharing system as it is lighter on their pockets. If police doesn't allow more than three passengers on sharing basis in auto, it would be unaffordable for us. Also, now the cops have begun detaining our auto if seen carrying more than three passengers.bpautodriverjakirpatel: (Auto driver)We are ready to take people by meter but most of them insist on sharing system as it is lighter on their pockets. If police doesn't allow more than three passengers on sharing basis in auto, it would be unaffordable for us. Also, now the cops have begun detaining our auto if seen carrying more than three passengers.bpautouserstuparth: (Parth Shah - MSU Phd student who uses auto on sharing basis)The police should develop a system wherein auto drivers would be allowed to carry passengers on sharing system on a fixed rate. Currently, most autos demand money according to their whims and fancies. And, auto drivers should not be allowed to turn away passengers wanting to travel by meter charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480970", "title": "Ten districts staring at dry spell as rain plays truant", "text": "HYDERABAD: The monsoon seems to have failed to bring cheer to many parts of the state. Despite rainfall at several areas in the last two days, the situation remains worrisome with at least 10 districts recording deficit rains. In fact, officials apprehend that all the four Rayalaseema districts and Nellore in Andhra region could be staring at a drought-like situation.The situation is most dismal in Anantapur district of Rayalaseema. Even ten days after the arrival of south-west monsoon in the state, Anantapur has not seen the benevolence of the rain god. This comes at a time when the farmers in many mandals are still agitating for adequate weather insurance amount for the crop loss last year.As of June 27, Anantapur and Nellore are the only districts in the state which fall under the 'scanty rainfall' category after recording minus 72% and minus 76% rainfall respectively. As against an average rainfall of 59.3 mm as on June 27, Anantapur has recorded a meagre 16.6 mm. A district is categorized under scanty rainfall if it receives minus 60% to 99%.TDP former MP Kalva Srinivasulu told TOI that a third successive drought was almost knocking at the doors of the farmers. \"Anantapur farmers received a meagre compensation for last year's drought. Now, another drought is all set to hit the district. Sowing is completely absent in the district,\" Srinivasulu said via telephone from Kadiri where he participated in a dharna on Thursday demanding more compensation for last year's crop loss. Among other districts of Rayalaseema, Kurnool recorded 54% deficit rainfall while it was minus 53% in Chittoor district. The deficit in Kadapa is minus 42% and Rayalaseema recorded a minus 55% deficit rainfall, the highest in the state.Nellore in south coastal Andhra reported a scanty rainfall during the first month of monsoon, while Krishna and Guntur received excess rainfall while it was normal in Prakasam district.As in Rayalaseema, the southwest monsoon is yet to pick up momentum in north coastal Andhra. As per the weekly season and crop coverage report for the week ending June 27 released by the agriculture department , four of the five districts here, Srikakulam, Viziangaram, Visakhapatnam and East Godavari are lagging behind. However, West Godavari district recorded a normal rainfall.As on June 27, the deficit in Visakhapatnam is the highest at 45% while the deficit rainfall in Vizianagaram is 41%, Srikakulam 20% and East Godavari 21%. Instead of a minimum 114.7 mm, the five districts received only 84 mm for the period from June 1 to June 27.In Telangana, the northern districts comprising Nizambad, Medak, Warangal, Karimnagar and Adilabad recorded a deficit rainfall of 22%. However, south Telangana is experiencing excess rainfall with Rangareddy recording 138.8 mm and Hyderabad registering 150.2 mm, the two areas which received the highest rainfall this season in the state. As a whole, the Telangana region received 105.9 mm rainfall as against a normal rainfall of 88.2 mm, an excess of 22%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14478061", "title": "Despite high mercury, many schools reopen", "text": "GURGAON: Even as the mercury remained high, many schools in the city started their new session this week. This has worried many parents who feel that their children might get heat stroke if they spend too much time outside.Scottish International School, which had closed early in May, began its new session too, before time, on June 25. Sudha Goel, the school's spokesperson said, \"Our school is fully air-conditioned and all the activities that are supposed to be held on the grounds will be held inside.\"However, not all schools have fully air-conditioned rooms and can divert all the outdoor activities inside premises. The headmistress of one such school, Peeya Sharma of Ryan International School said that children needed to be physically strong and build their endurance. \"Teachers have planned and designed activities like rain dance and pool day, keeping the scorching heat in mind,\" said Sharma.Parents on the other hand, are concerned about their children's health. Sunita, a parent, said that it was inhuman to ask the kids to come to school in this heat.Howeevr, Priya Sood, mother of a class 8 student said that the early reopening of some schools are justified as they had closed before time too. \"They also need to finish the curriculum within a given time-frame,\" added Sood.Schools, like Delhi Public School and Excelsior American School are going to open at the end of July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14493612", "title": "Aradhya is focus of everybody's attention: Abhishek", "text": "Having been blessed with a daughter in November last year, doting father Abhishek Bachchan says he is thrilled that little 'Aradhya' is the focus of everyone's attention.\"Right now Aradhya is focus of everybody's attention. Everybody is fascinated with her. She is little and innocent and everybody wants to be with her...everyone wants to spend time with her,\" Abhishek told PTI.The Bachchans have been fiercely guarded of the latest member of their family ever since Aishwarya gave birth to the baby girl on November 16 last year.On if there is any change in his life after becoming a father, Abhishek says, \"I don't know how life changes. There is no rule book as such...you just do what you feel is right. Each parent will discover things themselves. The responsibilities have increased.\"\"You are willing to do anything for her. I am earning money for her...so that I can give her good education and a good upbringing,\" he said.Meanwhile, Abhishek is gearing up for his upcoming release Bol Bachchan , directed by Rohit Shetty. The film also stars Ajay Devgn, Asin and Prachi Desai.Interestingly, Amitabh Bachchan features in the title song of the film, where he will be seen shaking a leg with Abhishek and Ajay Devgn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "14480873", "title": "JD(U) MLA Bima Bharti apprehends threat to her life", "text": "PURNIA: Rupauli JD(U) MLA Bima Bharati caused a flutter when she appearing in the court of additional district judge (ADJ), Purnia, hurled charges of abuse and torture on her husband Awadhesh Mandal and maintained that she apprehends threat to her life from him.Bharati was summoned by the court of ADJ Hasan Newaj, which was hearing a bail petition of her husband Awadhesh Mandal. She had lodged a complaint with the Bhawanipore police station on June 1 charging her husband with torturing and abusing her. Bharati also informed the court that her husband has another wife.The court of the ADJ, before taking up the bail petition of Mandal, wanted to hear both the sides on Wednesday. Deposing before the court, JD(U) MLA Bharati said she no longer intends to live with her spouse, who often tortured and tormented her. She informed the court that she could no longer bear up with all this and wants separation. Bharati, in her deposition before the court, informed that she had in the past too charged her husband with torturing and tormenting her. She had, however, retracted on the charge after a comprise was worked out between them, she informed the court.Mandal on his part refuted all such allegations and insinuations. The court, however, did not grant bail to Mandal and put up the hearing for the next date.In December 2010 also, she was severely beaten up for days, first in her flat at Patna and thereafter at her village home under Akbarpur police outpost. She had been rescued by the Purnia police and her husband Awadhesh Mandal and others were arrested. She, however, made a somersault and retracted on the charges levelled against Awadhesh Mandal which enabled him get bail in January 2011.A ganglord of an illegal outfit North Liberation Army Awadhesh Mandal is a history sheeter, and is known to have unleashed mayhem in the western part of Purnia district since long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14493320", "title": "I won't work in every film that comes my way: Babu Antony", "text": "Mollywood's action hero Babu Antony has been missing from the scene for long, although h e has been busy in other film industries.It was only recently that he made a comeback to Mollywood with Grandmaster . He reasons, \"I don't do every film that comes my way. Of late, Mollywood has been having many films that are being made not because the makers think it will be accepted by the audience; but because they know that they can get back their investment made in the film by selling its satellite rights. This, I believe, is a very bad trend.\"Which is why, he says, the last he'd do is be a part of every film that comes his way. \"\"I am not getting many offers in Mollywood, which is not the case in other film industries. And of the roles that are offered to me, I choose only the best,\" Babu says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14477020", "title": "Nine injured in two car accidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nine people suffered severe injuries in two accidents in the past 24 hours.In the first accident, five people were hit by a speeding car driven by an 18-year-old boy in Trilokpuri. The boy had accidently stepped on the accelerator while parking. The victims were rushed to Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital. One of the victims, Kanchedi Lal, is critical. The boy tried to flee but was caught, said a cop. A case of rash driving and causing hurt has been registered against him.In another part of the city, three rickshaw pullers and an auto driver were injured in an accident which occurred at 7am. The woman behind the wheel, Hina Jain, lost control of the car while taking a sharp turn outside Karol Bagh Metro Station and rammed the rickshaws. She was arrested immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14498720", "title": "Dinesh Lal and Pakhi together in 'Rakhwala'", "text": "Bhopuri cinema's jubilee star Dinesh Lal Yadav Nirahua and actress Pakhi Hegde have been paired once again for an upcoming Bhojpuri film Rakhwala.'Rakhwala' is produced by Ishtiaq Sheikh Banti and Ritu Sharma and presented by CPI Movies. Aslam Sheikh directed Rakhwala stars Awadhesh Mishra, Sanjay Pandey, Brijesh Tripathi, Maya Yadav, Santosh Srivastava, Ulhas, NR Shetty, Sonia Mishra and Manoj Bhawuk. The film also has an item number by Seema Singh.-Prashant NishantSource: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "14484690", "title": "Bhopal liability: US court lets off Union Carbide", "text": "NEW YORK: In a setback to 1984 Bhopal gas tragedy victims , a US court has held that neither Union Carbide nor its former chairman Warren Anderson were liable for environmental remediation or pollution-related claims at the firm's former chemical plant in Bhopal.US district judge John Keena in Manhattan dismissed a lawsuit accusing the company of causing soil and water pollution around the Bhopal plant due to the disaster , and ruled that Union Carbide Corporation (UCC) and Anderson were not liable for remediation or pollution-related claims.The court ruled that it was Union Carbide India Ltd, and not its parent company UCC that was responsible for the generation and disposal of the waste that polluted drinking water, and the liability rests with the state government.Plaintiffs Janki Bai Sahu and others had alleged that \"toxic substances seeped into a ground aquifer, polluting the soil and drinking water supply in residential communities surrounding the former Bhopal Plant site\" .They alleged that exposure to soil and drinking water polluted by hazardous waste produced Union Carbine India Ltd caused injuries . \"The summary judgement record certainly indicates that UCIL consulted with UCC about its waste disposal plans and on nonenvironmental business matter like its strategic plan. However, nothing in the evidence suggests the necessity of UCC's approval for the actions about which plaintiffs complain,\" the court said.\"Moreover, there is no evidence in this extensive record indicating that UCIL manufactured pesticides on UCC's behalf, entered into contracts or other business dealings on UCC's behalf, or otherwise acted in UCC's name,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14477147", "title": "BBMP says No to TDR bank, but YES to road widening", "text": "If your house in the outskirts of the city is earmarked for acquisition for road widening, then there's cause for worry. BBMP has taken up 13 roads in the outskirts for widening this year.In all, 13 roads have been notified for widening in the year 2012-13, but the budget copy mentions the names of only 10 roads. Budget maker, tax and finance committee chairman KA Muneendra Kumar refused to give details on the other three roads in the outskirts identified for widening.In last year's budget, BBMP declared that a TDR bank would be set up, where only BBMP would have the right to purchase and sell TDRs. However, the action taken report issued along with the budget copy clearly says the TDR bank will not be set up. \"The pros and cons of establishment of the TDR bank was discussed and it was decided not to go ahead with the project,\" the action taken report reads.\"We know the public is unwilling to take up TDR in lieu of compensation, but road widening is inevitable,\" said mayor D Venkatesh Murthy.It may be recalled that there have been cases where touts have been operating in Mahadevapura and Bommanahalli zones, wherever road widening is going on. In the absence of a TDR bank, the middlemen are buying properties notified for acquisition from property owners for a pittance, and have been cheating both BBMP and property owners.Asked how BBMP would take up road widening without a TDR bank, Muneendra Kumar said, \"It does not require a TDR bank to go ahead with road widening.\"\"The budget should have details on BBMP's plans of road widening across the city. There is no respite for more than 3 lakh property owners whose properties have been notified for acquisition. When TDR is not being accepted by the public, what are the other options left before BBMP? These issues should have been said in the budget. There is a lack of transparency,\" said MK Gunashekar, opposition ( Congress) party leader in the BBMP council.BROADER ROADSRing Road from Bannerghatta Road to Silk Board junction left and right sidesHalagevaderahalli and Panthara Palya RoadAbbigere-Lakshmipura RoadChikkabanavara Ganigara Halli to Somashetty HalliThindlu to Nanjappa CircleThindlu to Syndicate BankTannery RoadVidyaranyapura RoadBegur RoadMission Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14483521", "title": "No sign of dam work: Tamil Nadu PWD", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tamil Nadu Public Works Department has sent a report to the state government that despite talk of Kerala government reviving a three-decade old plan to build a dam downstream Siruvani reservoir, there is no physical sign of any activity at the site.The report was prepared by K Ranganathan, chief engineer, water resources division, Coimbatore region, after visiting the proposed dam site 20 km away from the Siruvani dam near Agali in Attapadi. Local residents had initially refused to let the engineer go to the area.\"Kerala government had proposed to construct the dam for irrigation purpose in 1976. Since there is no physical sign of any activity to construct a new dam at the moment we cannot seek a legal reprieve now. We need to wait and watch,\" said Ranganathan, chief engineer, Public Works Department, water resources division.PWD officials also added that their Kerala counterparts assured them that there was no immediate headway in the irrigation project, which was first proposed in 1976. The Kerala engineers had started to dig a canal then, but shelved the project after Tamil Nadu objected to the project citing it will affect the inflow of water to Tamil Nadu from the Bhavani river basin.\"They will never be able to construct the dam since it is in clear violation of the Cauvery Tribunal final order. Kerala government also has to get clearances from numerous departments including ministry of environment, forest and the central water commission,\" said another senior PWD official.Since this newspaper reported a meeting that was attended by state chief minister Oommen Chandy to revive the dam project, the civil and political society have been worried about the repercussions a new dam on Siruvani would have on drinking water supply to Coimbatore.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa even sought the intervention of the Prime Minister to dissuade Kerala government from constructing the dam. A human chain was also organised in the city to protest the dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14490925", "title": "Auto makers cheer petrol price cut; ask for more", "text": "NEW DELHI: The automobile industry on Thursday said the petrol price cut is a step in the positive direction for the sector that is struggling with a demand slump, but asked for more such moves to reduce the difference with diesel.\"It is a very good step for the auto industry. We need much more such steps to reduce the price differential between petrol and diesel,\" Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) senior director Sugato Sen told PTI.Expressing similar sentiments, Honda Siel Cars India senior vice president (sales and marketing) Jnaneswar Sen said the move is in a positive direction.\"However, it is still not enough to have a level playing field between petrol and diesel vehicles as the gap in the prices between the two fuels is very high,\" he added.A senior Maruti Suzuki India official said any reduction in fuel price is a positive development as it reduces the cost of running, leading to a positive sentiment in the market.\"However, this only partially offsets the previous big hike,\" he added.In a relief to inflation-battered common man, petrol price was on Thursday cut by Rs 2.46 per litre, the second reduction this month. The reduction in rates follows a Rs 2.02 a litre cut in prices from June 3.The two price cuts have wiped out more than half of the massive Rs 7.54 per litre increase in rates, the biggest in the history, effected last month.The automobile industry has been reeling under a demand slump as petrol vehhicles found lesser buyers due to the high price of the fuel with more and more consumers opting for diesel vehicles.Car sales in India grew at the slowest pace in seven months during May with SIAM reporting 2.78 per cent growth as high interest rates and petrol prices hit the market.With vehicle sales continuing to dwindle, many automobile firms, including Maruti Suzuki, General Motors, Tata Motors and Fiat, in India are shutting down their plants temporarily to reduce inventories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14483159", "title": "Mumbai University plans to hire temporary staff from agencies", "text": "MUMBAI: After three temporary staff members were arrested for engineering paper leaks, the University of Mumbai is weighing the idea of hiring these staffers from employment exchanges or agencies.After two paper leaks, the university lodged a complaint with the Mumbai crime branch which made around 14 arrests. There were two groups involved in the paper leaks. While one paper leaked from the Konkan Gyanpeeth College of Engineering due to the negligence of the paper setter, two others, Applied Mathematics-II and Applied Physics-II, leaked from the university examination house at the Kalina campus. One permanent staffer and three temporary ones were arrested. One of them, Ganesh Jadhav, was also employed with the university on a temporary basis earlier and had then been arrested for stealing answer sheets from the examination house along with his accomplices.A university official said, \"We plan to hire temporary staff from employment exchange offices as they would have details and backgrounds of the individuals. However, a decision is yet to be taken on the same.\" Earlier, they were hired on recommendations from other employees on the campus.The university needs temporary staffers only during exams. Most of the load at the examination house is passed on to temporary staff, leaving a loophole in the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14482029", "title": "UP govt simplifies procedure for unemployment allowance", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government will not provide the unemployment allowance for free. Those getting the allowance will also have to work. The work will be provided by the district magistrate taking into consideration the capability of an individual. Meanwhile, the government on Thursday simplified the 11-page application form and the procedure for seeking unemployment allowance.Applicants who have applied till April 15 will get the allowance. The applicants should obtain the documents to-be-attached from the concerned officers and not from touts. Any fraud or anomaly will not only lead to cancellation of the application but might also lead to some legal action against the applicant.The form should be submitted at the same office, where applicants will be registered. The applicants need not provide certificate for permanent address now. Women, who have got their names changed after marriage, will have to open a new bank account.At present, applicants have to provide only seven documents instead of nine, as required earlier. After submitting the form, applicants have to obtain a receipt from the employment office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14482880", "title": "Youngsters use cremation ground for sports, parents upset", "text": "PATIALA: Lack of space for discharge of sewage water has been troubling youngsters of Kasiana village for the last five years. Their passion for sports has been compelling them to visit the cremation ground of the village every morning and evening to practice sports. For, the village panchayat is using their playground for discharge of sewage water.Since villagers don't want their sons to visit cremation ground, some have left practicing sports as their families don't allow them to play in cremation ground, while many have started visiting other villages. Instead of getting any help, like other sportsmen, and motivation from their families, almost all youngsters counter opposition from their families, whenever they leave for cremation ground for sports activities.\"Many ghosts roam in cremation ground and they could harm my son anytime, if I allow him to practice in cremation ground,\" said Satwant Singh, a farmer from village.Interestingly, some youngsters fell ill due to heat stroke and biting cold after they started playing in the cremation ground during the last some months. But instead of taking them to doctors, families took them to Babas, fearing that ghosts had attacked the boys for disturbing them by playing in the creation ground.\"My nephew and his friend remained unwell for 15 days as some ghosts had apparently attacked them. Doctors could not cure their ailment and finally, Babaji cured their ailment and saved our children. We won't allow our children to play in the cremation ground,\" said Jarnail Singh, a farmer sitting near village common land.The village has total 14 kanals of land for playground. But many influential persons of village have encroached upon land meant for discharging of sewage water. Since repeated requests by panchayat to remove encroachments have failed to move the authorities, the panchayat started discharging village sewage water into the playground.\"I have left sports as I could not afford to go outside every morning and evening to practice. Our youngsters practice in cremation ground, but my family do not allow me to visit cremation ground every morning and evening,\" said Kulwant Singh, a youngster working in the field for paddy transplantation.When tried to contact, Patiala deputy commissioner G K Singh did not attend his mobile phone.Village youngsters have approached Patiala deputy commissioner and written many letters since 2007, but there is no action to remove the encroachments, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14478962", "title": "3 who tried to kill Rajasthan politician nabbed in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three hitmen who had shot at general secretary of BJP in Udaipur, Rajasthan, Motilal Dangi, were caught by city crime branch on Thursday. All three accused, said crime branch officials, were hired by an Udaipur-based builder to murder Dangi.On June 15 the firing incident took place in Udaipur when Dangi was travelling in his car. Three persons on two motorbikes had fired twice on the BJP leader. The bullets shattered the windscreen of Dangi's car but neither the politician nor his car driver was hit. Dangi registered a complaint against unknown persons with Udaipur police but the identity of the shooters remained a mystery.The mystery was solved on Thursday morning when police inspector Bhavesh Roziya had got a tip-off that a gangster from Rajasthan was passing through the city. The gangster was headed from Naroda to Dehgam. Roziya and his team intercepted the gangster and two accomplices in Naroda.When they were brought to the crime branch and questioned the trio revealed that they were hiding in Gujarat since they fired at Dangi. The three who have been arrested are Sehjad Lohar, 22, Zahir Qureshi, 26, Imran Sindhi, 26, residents of Udaipur. \"Zahir and Sehjad are history-sheeters who have similar offences pending against them,\" said a crime branch official.\"The trio has told the police officials that Imran's brother Danish Sindhi had been given a contract to kill Dangi by an Udaipur builder, Ayub Shah Khanjipir. Kanjipir and Dangi had locked horns over a land dispute and the builder wanted to remove Dangi from the equation to grab the land,\" said Roziya.The operation to kill Dangi was planned out by Imran. When the BJP leader emerged from his house on June 15, one of the gang members, Raja, intimated them. Then Sehjad, Zahir and Danish followed Dangi on two motorbikes and fired at him. Roziya said, \"Danish and Raja are still absconding. We will intimate the Udaipur police in this regard and also hand over the accused to them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14496083", "title": "Will Eega set new benchmarks in Indian cinema?", "text": "The trilingual film that stars Samantha, Sudeep and Nani is generating more buzz by the day. Expectations are running high for Naan E (Tamil) that's slated for release on 6th of July.While the movie just received a U/A certificate by the censor board, the hype around its visual effects and mindblowing trailers have become talk of the town.The movie's generated a lot of interest right from the time it was announced. Actor sudeep who's playing a negative role in film, tweeted, \"Eega censored... U/A(cz of smokin shots).... No cuts,,,hitting theaters on 6th july....\" Director Rajamouli too justified the U/A rating with, \"Censor done and eega is given clean U/A certification.no cuts....:) The officer explained even U/A was due to smoking shots.\"Several aspects of the film have been constantly raved about by one person or the other from the tinsel town. while Rajamouli is pinning his hopes high on the movie's success, music director M M Keeravani was all praise for Sudeep and even went to the extent of comparing him to legendary actor Kamal Haasan. Now, Ram Gopal Varma has done the unthinkable. He's gone one step ahead to bet Rs 100 crores on the much-anticipated movie.The ace filmmaker has tweeted: \"I think Eega will be the first film to start the 100 crore club in Telugu industry. In other words, I mean it will collect 100 crores in Telugu alone.\"Will Rajamouli strike gold and set new benchmarks like he did with Magadheera? the verdict will be out on the day of movie release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14480959", "title": "'Flyover work only after inner ring road'", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Putting an end to the controversy over the proposed flyover near Kanakadurga temple in the city, state education minister K Parthasaradhi said its construction would be taken up only after completing the inner ring road.Parthasaradhi spoke to the reporters in the presence of local MP Lagadapti Rajagopal and legislators on Thursday. He said that the Centre had given its consent for the project by sanctioning Rs 36 crore as an initial grant. He clarified that it was not a flyover as claimed by TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu but only an expansion of the road by constructing a bridge across Krishna river.Taking pot-shots at Naidu, he said: \"It was not proper for Naidu who served as chief minister for over eight years to sit on a dharna without knowing the facts.\" On Monday, Naidu staged a protest here by demanding the government to take up the flyover immediately and Rajagopal countered it by protesting that flyover was not technically feasible.But now, both the minister and MP have said that the Congress never objected for the construction of flyover but it was not possible unless the inner ring road is complete. A 5-km flyover was proposed in 2002 at the time of TDP's regime to ease the traffic in the city by connecting two national higways but now Congress has decided on a road expansion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14497830", "title": "Punjab assembly welcomes Surjeet's return, asks for Sarabjit's release", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cutting across party lines, Punjab assembly on Friday unanimously welcomed the release of Surjeet Singh, while urging the Centre to take initiatives for the early release of condemned prisoner Sarabjit Singh from Pakistan's jail.Leader of the House and chief minister Parkash Singh Badal moved a resolution welcoming the release of Surjeet Singh, who returned home on Thursday after spending 31 years in a Pakistan jail.\"I congratulate Surjeet and his family members\", Badal said moving the resolution.He, however, urged the Centre to take steps to secure the release of another resident of the state Sarabjit Singh languishing in Lahore jail for the last 20 years.The chief minister said that the early release of Sarabjeet would help in further improving the relations between Pakistan and India.\"The relations between India and Pakistan had improved considerably by opening up of the Integrated Check Post (ICP) at Wagha\", he said.He urged the Prime Minister and foreign minister to take up the matter of release of Sarabjeet Singh.\"By releasing all prisoners who had completed their jail term will definitely improve relations between the two nations\", Badal said, adding, both India and Pakistan are working to improve relations between the two nations.Leader of Opposition Sunil Kumar Jakhar of Congress also supported Badal's resolution and demanded that all prisoners who had completed their sentence and were languishing in different jails of Pakistan must be released for improving the ties between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14490120", "title": "Madhuri Dixit Nene to turn producer", "text": "In recent times, not one but several actresses have turned producer; Ameesha Patel, Dia Mirza, Lara Dutta and Preity Zinta to name a few. But the surprise package turns out to be Madhuri Dixit Nene as can now tell you.When the actress----who in her hey days occupied the top slot for nearly a decade, and who later quit Hindi films while at the top of her game, opting for a life of quiet anonymity instead----returned to India about a year ago, bag, baggage and husband Dr Shriram Nene in tow, everyone thought she was back to pick up her film career from where she had left off.No one would have imagined the dancing diva had bigger, more ambitious plans up her sleeve, like starting her very own production house for instance. And that hubby Dr Nene would support her in her endeavour.We've found out that the couple have bought 3,000 square feet in the building near Infiniti Mall called Maurya Landmark.Most of the space is earmarked for the office, work on which has started, and is expected to be complete within six to seven months.As of now, the husband-wife team is busy meeting up with film directors so as to flag-off their first venture that will probably be on floors by next year. It is learnt with Madhuri at the helm of affairs, most filmmakers are keen on sealing the deal with her, given the sheer number of years the actress has spent in the industry, and the goodwill she has garnered.The soon-to-be head honcho of a full-fledged production house, and her doctor husband have even zeroed down on a few names for their brainchild. The final call however remains to be taken. Apparently, the idea took seed even before Mr and Mrs Nene set foot in Mumbai. Meanwhile, Dr Nene will continue to be actively involved with his profession while supporting the dhak-dhak girl's venture like a good husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14494759", "title": "Tellywood is female dominated: Manish Goel", "text": "In Ranchi, TV actor Manish Goel says he wants to play negative roles in serialsWay back in 2004, you had said that television offers a better space to female actors. Have your views changed? Yes, I still stick to my words. When we talk about shows \u2014 be it \"Kyuki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi\", \" Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii \" or \" Kasautii Zindagii Kay\" \u2014 the first thing that comes to mind is Tulsi, Parvati and Prerna. We don't immediately remember their husbands. Even today's shows such as \" Na Aana Is Des Laado\" and \"Balika Vadhu - Kachchi Umar Ke Pakke Rishte \" are female-centric. Ninety per cent shows on Indian television are women-centric. Very rare male-centric shows are made here. If such shows are aired, they soon lag behind in terms of TRP. Some time back, I did a serial called \" Saara Akaash \". That had four male leads. The show also got a great opening. But soon, the story had to take a turn to become more women-centric. This could be attributed to the fact that Indian television has a big percentage of female viewers.This is very different from the trends in Bollywood... Yes. The film industry is still male-dominated. Though female-centric films have done well this year and some more are lined up for release, it remains to be seen how things unfold. I want to see a balance in both the industries.If you want to do movies, do you have any preferences for the kind of roles that you want to play? I am open to all kinds of roles in Bollywood. In tellydom, I want to play the bad man. If I have a choice, I would want to be act with Priyanka Chopra in movies. She is a versatile actor and is very down-to-earth. I know her through a common friend. I had approached Vishal Bhardwaj for playing one of her husbands in \" Saat Khoon Maaf \". But things didn't materialize. I haven't lost hope and am keeping my fingers crossed.Was this your first visit to Ranchi? Yes, it was my first visit and I must say whatever I had heard about the place being a small town is all rubbish. Mine experience has been totally different. I don't know why people make a big deal out of the chhota shaher issue? Is it the geography that makes people say this? I found Ranchi much better than Mumbai where people don't waste any chance to backstab each other. For me, Ranchi is a big city of big-hearted people.And its identity should be kept beyond Mahendra Singh Dhoni. Yes, Mahi has made the city proud but still there is a lot to be explored about the place.Why does the Hindi reality show you are hosting, only go to Bihar, Jharkhand and Madhya Pradesh. Why not rest of the country? Housewives in small town don't get the exposure to come out of their homes and display their talent. We wanted to give women of these states the opportunity to come and explore their skills. However, being from Delhi, I have noticed that the situation is very not very different in metros. I have spoken to the makers of show and hopefully, we'll move to others places as well.The path towards showbiz was fraught with struggles for you. What will be your advice to youngsters who dream of a career in the television industry? A person should be self-motivated and should have enough patience and tolerance to face rejections. People will not come to encourage or support you when you are depressed. So one should just believe in one's work. Always remember that destiny only favours the brave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14482932", "title": "Black panther spotted for first time in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Black panther has been spotted and photographed for the first time in Punjab. The panther was photographed in a chance sighting in the Forest department plantations near Chakdhallian village adjacent to the Dholbaha-Tanda road in Hoshiarpur district by Shahnawaz Chaudhry, son of Honorary Wildlife Warden, Kanwar Chaudhry.My son was passing by when he saw this huge black cat. He went towards it and took pictures from his cellphone at a distance of about 45 yards. Unfortunately, he did not have a camera. The Black panther was a juvenile and seemed to have come back from taking a drink of water from a nearby stream. I reached the spot later and found two sets of leopard pugmarks. The spot where my son had taken the photograph was where I saw the pugmarks of a young leopard. Some distance away, I observed the pugmarks of an adult leopard, which I think could be the mother of the Black panther,'' Kanwar Chaudhry told ToI. Contrary to popular perception,a anther and a leopard are one and the same animal. Black panthers or leopards have normally been sighted in Karnataka, Goa and Assam.This rare creature, which acquires a black coat because of a melamin disorder, was immortalised in the book, 'The Black Panther of Sivanipalli', by the renowned hunter, Kenneth Anderson, who was based in Bangalore. Melamin is the black pigmentation in leopard colouration and its excess leads to a Black panther, whose normal coat can be seen under the black sheath in strong light.According to Conservation India, a leading website for wildlife conservation, The Black leopard is the same species as a normal-coloured leopard with a high amount of pigment (melanin) causing the animal to be very dark or black. Melanism occurs because of a recessive gene mutation of the leopard. Melanism is hereditary but is not necessarily passed directly from one generation to the next. A black leopard cub will be born with both parents carrying the melanistic gene. A fair-coloured leopard can carry the recessive melanistic gene. Often a black leopard cub is born along with fair-coloured cubs. If both parents are black, the leopard cubs are always black. Melanistic leopards are more commonly found in dense tropical rain forest of South and South-east Asia. Here it is thought that the dark colouration acts as better camouflage in low sunlight conditions of the forest floor.''The presence of a Black panther confirms the consistent sightings of leopards across Hoshiarpur district as also the fact that there are a good number of breeding pairs. Both Chaudhry and Nikhil Sanger, who is the President of the Wildlife Conservation Society , have extensively scoured the jungles of Hoshiarpur and Nawashahr on foot and on vehicle in pursuit of leopards. They estimate the number of leopards in Hoshiarpur district alone at 45.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14477043", "title": "Bangalore University syndicate can appoint Kannada dept head", "text": "BANGALORE: The row over the appointment of a chairman for the department of Kannada studies of Bangalore University ended with the HC nullifying the existing appointments and leaving it to the syndicate to decide. In the tussle between registrar and vice-chancellor, both of them had appointed two different people as the chairman.The court decided that both are not valid as they are not entitled to issue such orders in their individual capacity without the approval of the apex body - the syndicate. The appointment has to be placed before it and the decision will have to be reported within four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14476198", "title": "St Stephen\u2019s College files complaint on admission fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: St Stephen's College has complained to police that an organization called eldorado.com collected a substantial sum from the parent of an aspirant promising admission to the college under the 'management quota'. The organization claimed that it had a memorandum of understanding with St Stephen's on admissions.According to the college authority, the tutor for admissions, K M Mathew, has received a complaint stating that eldorado.com had promised admission to an applicant whose marks are below the 2012 cutoff level and collected money from the father.Trideep Joshi, apparently the MD of eldorado.com with the mobile number 09863169431 and email id admnmd@eldorado.ind.in, claims that his company has an MoU with St Stephen's College in respect of admissions, the complaint says.Principal Valson Thampu said, \"We have issued a cautionary note so that if more aspirants have been duped, they can come forward and report the matter. We lodged a police complaint on June 26, 2012, and are in touch with cops.\" The authorities said such aspirants could either contact the college or Maurice Nagar police station. The college also clarified that it had not signed any MoU with anyone on admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14495339", "title": "Teenagers from well-off families turn bike thieves in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Suart police arrested two teenagers for stealing four bikes and selling them for Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 to their trainer. The accused are from business families and started stealing bikes to make quick bucks to spend for fun.Based upon specific information police stopped the two Class X students riding on a bike GJ-5-DP-5851 in Pandesara area and questioned them about the papers of bike. Both the accused of 16 years age were unable to produce bike papers after which police checked its record and found that the bike was stolen from Bhim Nagar in Pandesara. During questioning the duo informed police that they stole total four bikes and sold it to one Bharat Bharvad of Govalak locality in Pandesara area.They used to steal the bikes after studying the target location for few days. After stealing they went to Bharvad and sold it for Rs 500 to Rs 1000. Bharvad used to give them payment immediately, which they spent on fun. Bharvad ultimately sold the bikes in higher prices to those who deal in stolen bikes. The accused informed police that Bharvad trained them for bike stealing.One accused studies in Sun Flower English School in Pandesara while another study in Vidya Bharti Hindi Vidyalaya in Bhatar. Both the schools are reputed in the area. Father of one accused is in share trading business while father of another accused is contractor in textile industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475250", "title": "Minister calls for change in attitude towards girl child", "text": "PUNE: The union minister of state for women and child development Krishna Tirath on Thursday said the mindset behind female feticide should change, as educated people also get sex determination tests done.\"Earlier, it was states like Rajasthan, Haryana and Jammu &amp; Kashmir that reported severe cases of female foeticide and it brought down its ratio to 700 girls per 1,000 men. It is sad to see Maharashtra also reporting increased number of foeticide cases in recent years,\" Tirath said.In city to attend a function wherein women from different walks of life were felicitated, Tirath maintained it was a big challenge to overcome the old mindset and misconceptions about girl child.Apart from awareness programmes at community level and village level, there should be a strong penal action against the practice. The union government has drafted and modified some laws and regulations, to curb such practices.The ministry is also pushing for strong legislature against child abuse and sexual harassment. There are some bills recommending strong action against the culprits. I hope they will be cleared in the coming sessions, Tirath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14480859", "title": "Hotel security officer found dead in flat", "text": "KOLKATA: A 25-year-old trainee security officer of a star hotel was found dead inside her rented flat at Ashoknagar in the Regent Park area on Thursday. Police are yet to confirm the nature of her death.Police said Pamela Mitra, the deceased, had shifted to the Ashoknagar flat in January, soon after her marriage with Joydeb Anand, an executive of a private firm.On Thursday morning, her body was recovered from the locked flat after her parents reached there. Police said her parents live in Bansdroni and they went to their daughter's flat after Pamela's phone went unanswered since morning. They informed locals after they found the gate locked from outside. With the help of police, locals broke into the room and found Pamela lying dead on her bed.During a probe, police found strangulation mark on her neck. But they could not confirm whether she committed suicide or was murdered. A loop made with a piece of cloth was found in the toilet.Initial probe did not rule out murder as her husband Joydeb was missing since morning and the door was locked from outside. Police found a note in her room written by Joydeb. Police also suspect that it could be a case of suicide. The woman may have committed suicide and her husband tried to save her. He may have fled the spot out of fear. \"We are waiting for the post mortem report that can confirm the nature of strangulation - suicidal or homicidal,\" said Pallav Kanti Ghosh, joint CP (crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "beed", "code": "14475361", "title": "Parli court rejects bail plea of five suspects in Munde hospital case", "text": "BEED: The Parli-Vaijanath court on Wednesday rejected the bail application of five people arrested in connection with the death of Vijaymala Mahadeo Pattekar, a sugarcane harvester, at the Munde hospital owned by Sudam and Saraswati Munde on May 18.The judicial magistrate Rohini R Kale rejected the bail application of five people, including two relatives of Sudam and Saraswati Munde, two of their employees and the owner of the jeep, which the doctor couple used to escape and avoid arrest.\"The five suspects were arrested on June 20. They moved a bail application before the judicial magistrate first class after their police remand ended on June 27,\" said assistant government pleader Atul Tandale on Thursday.The prosecution opposed the bail applications saying they might tamper with evidence as investigations into the case are still in progress, Tandale said.Following arguments, the magistrate rejected their bail application and sent them to judicial custody till July 8. The five include two female employees of the hospital run by the Mundes - Noorjehan Syed Anwar (23) of Malikpura, Parli and Sugrabi Shaikh Rahim (40), of Gandhinagar in Ambajogai; Gangadhar Sheshrao Gutte (45), a resident of Parli taluka and a close relative of Saraswati Munde; Angad Kalyanrao Kendre (35), a relative of Sudam Munde; and Dattatreya Kalyan Kakade (37), a resident of Murshidpur in Ashti taluka who had provided his jeep to the doctor couple.The five were booked under IPC Section 212 (Whenever an offence has been committed, whoever harbours or conceals a person whom he knows or has reason to believe to be the offender, with the intention of screening him from legal punishment) and Section 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence or giving false information to screen offender, Tandale said.The doctor couple was booked under various sections of the IPC, including section 304, (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), which is a non-bailable offence. Sudam and Sarswati Munde surrendered before the Parli police on June 17, after giving them a slip for about 26 days. They were wanted by the police for the death of Pattekar, a resident of Bhopa in Dharur taluka of Beed district on May 18, during an operation to terminate her pregnancy as she was suspected to be carrying a female child.The Parli court earlier had sent the doctor couple to police custody till June 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475593", "title": "Vaccine project shelved over production costs", "text": "PUNE: An ambitious plan to indigenously develop a vaccine against the deadly Crimean Congo Hemorrhagic Fever (CCHF) had to be shelved because the pharmaceutical companies did not find large-scale production of the vaccine economically viable.Pune-based National Institute of Virology (NIV) had developed a candidate vaccine against the virus. But it had to shelve the project following pharmaceutical companies' dismal response, giving a setback to the country's plan to develop its own vaccine against the tick-borne disease.\"We have called off the CCHF vaccine development project. The companies we had approached for the vaccine's large-scale production didn't find it a profitable business,\" said NIV director A C Mishra, who is retiring on June 29.\"In India, the CCHF virus infection in human beings is seen only in Gujarat and Rajasthan. People who are more at risk of developing this haemorrhagic fever are cattle breeders, farmers and the medical staff who have to manage and treat the infected cases. Since the presence and quantum of the risk group is small, companies didn't show any interest,\" Mishra said.\"Unlike the influenza vaccine, which remains effective for only six months, as every season has different circulating flu strains rendering the previous vaccine ineffective, the CCHF vaccine can be preserved for 10 to 15 years,\" Mishra said. \"This makes it a feasible option for companies to produce and distribute it as per requirement. Even this unique facet of the CCHF vaccine failed to lure the companies. They only looked at the amount of money they will have to spend on the long-term storage and upkeep of the vaccine.\"The NIV started developing the candidate vaccine against CCHF in January last year when the virus was wreaking havoc in Ahmedabad. The trials conducted by scientists in animals had showed good results.\"We basically facilitated the research that led to the development of the vaccine. But, when we held talks with pharmaceutical companies for transfer of technology for the vaccine's large scale development, the companies didn't show any interest. According to them, the vaccine was not 'commercially viable',\" Mishra said.After the transfer of technology, the company is required to conduct animal trials for toxicity study. If the trials are successful, the company goes for human trials. After it is found effective and safe in humans, the results of the trials are submitted to the Drug Controller General of India for permission for large-scale production of the vaccine.Mishra said, \"There is a CCHF vaccine in use in Bulgaria . But we are not sure about its effectiveness in India. Hence, we have decided to develop our own vaccine.\"\"Had it come into reality, it would have been country's first indigenous vaccine against the CCHF virus,\" Mishra added.The CCHF virus killed four people in Gujarat last year when a nosocomial (hospital acquired infection) outbreak occurred in a tertiary care hospital in Ahmadabad in January 2011. Recently, on June 22, a 29-year-old resident doctor at a local hospital in Ahmedabad also succumbed to CCHF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14494863", "title": "Poet to donate 1.5 lakh aid to poor students on his birthday", "text": "VADODARA: The date 12-12-12 will mark a new beginning in the life of 'shayar' Khalil Dhantejvi. On this rare combination of numbers in a calendar, Dhantejvi will step in the 75th year of his life and will also sponsor education of children at his village Dhantej in Savli taluka.Dhantejvi was born in Dhantej and had to leave education after class IV as he had to take care of work at his family's farms and cattle. He has now vowed to ensure that this does not happen to other poor children of his village where he was born on December 12, 1938.The roots for the noble cause were laid when a committee called the 'Khalil Dhantejvi Amrut Mahotsav Samiti' was formed under the aegis of Jan Jagruti Abhiyaan to felicitate him on his birthday.The committee has litterateurs and businessmen as its members and they decided to collect Rs 75,000 and donate the amount to Dhantejvi.Dhantejvi's friend and writer Satish Danak said the poet refused the amount saying he was well off now and did not need the money. \"However, when we insisted, he said that he would accept the amount and add Rs 75,000 to it. He has decided to use the Rs 1.5 lakh thus collected for the education of poor children in Dhantej,\" Danak said.The committee has also decided to invite noted spiritual leader Morari Bapu, who gives discourses on Ramayana, for the event. The amount collected by the committee will be handed over to Dhantejvi by Morari Bapu. The committee plans to conduct a similar event every year and felicitate a litterateur from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14478947", "title": "Close down Neeldeep college: ABVP", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) has demanded that the Neeldeep Commerce College, run by dean of commerce faculty Nitin Shah, should be closed down and a police complaint should be filed against him. The ABVP alleged that the college authorities had violated University Grants Commission (UGC) norms as they had not shifted the college to a new building as promised by the college when it had applied for affiliation. On Thursday, a syndicate member had also submitted a written complaint that action should be taken against the college for violating the norms. A complaint was also made to the GU acting VC Mukul Shah who said that GU would inquire into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14478406", "title": "Contractor\u2019s wife\u2019s murder: Parlour operator, sister held", "text": "GURGAON: Police on Wednesday night arrested a beauty parlour operator and her sister for allegedly murdering the wife of a labour contractor in Sector 39 on June 21. On Tuesday, the labour contractor, Anil Kumar (36), who was allegedly in an illicit relationship with the beauty parlour operator, Shakuntla Ahlawat (35), was arrested by the Sadar police and was sent on five days' police remand.Police have also recovered Kumar's Chevrolet Spark car which was allegedly used in the crime. The car was gifted to Shakuntla sometime ago.The accused Anil Kumar, and his lover of five years, Shakuntla, had strangulated Anil's wife, Anuradha, on June 21 with the help of Saraswati, Shakuntla's sister. An FIR under Section 302 of the IPC was lodged against the two on the statement of the victim's father.Sources said that police are also on the lookout of another man, Bijendra, who allegedly help the accused in carrying Anuradha's body to the car.The victim's father, Ishwar Singh said that Anuradha had married Anil Kumar, resident of Jhamuwas village of Mewat, in1998. Anil worked as a labour contractor and lived in Sector 7 with his wife and two children \u2014 12-year-old Yuvraj and six-year-old Vanshika.Shakuntala, a divorcee, operated a beauty parlour in DLF-III and met Anil through a placement agency he used to run along with a friend of his.Anuradha came to know about the affair a year and a half ago. On June 21, Anuradha went to Shakuntala's flat in Sector 39 after having a fight with her husband. Anil too, reached the spot and together with Shankutla, strangulated his wife and also put poisonous substance in her mouth.Anil stuffed his wife's body in his car, went to his house and locked up his children in the bathroom. He later burnt her body, without conducting a post-mortem, on a funeral pyre in his parental village and told everyone that she had committed suicide.\"We have arrested Anil Kumar and the two sisters in connection with Anuradha's murder. We may make another arrest very soon. We are investigating the case from all angles. The two sisters have been been sent to jail and Anil is on police remand,\" said Yashwant, SHO, Sadar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14491628", "title": "Is it AR Gandhi Krishna for Karikalan?", "text": "Reports in Kollywood are doing the rounds that AR Gandhi Krishna who has directed movies Chellamae, Anandha Thandavam will be wielding Vikram's Karikalan.It is said that LI Kannan's delay in shoots have brought the replacement into effect says sources. However, sources closer to the Karikalan unit reveals that changes are being done with the technical department and the director's replacement has not yet been confirmed. Karikalan the film with a period touch has Vikram pairing with Zarine Khan and Anjali, Paupathy, Radhika Apte, Thambi Ramaiah will be seen in supporting casts. The movie produced under the banners Silverline Factory has music scored by GV Prakash and debut cameraman Karthi has been replaced by Rathnavelu with editing by TS Suresh.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480678", "title": "Cuffed Surjeet at Wagah mirrors Pak's scant regard for human rights", "text": "NEW DELHI: When 69-year-old Surjeet Singh was brought in cuffs to the Indo-Pak border exchange point at Wagah on Thursday to be home after spending 30 years in a Pakistani prison \u2014 seven years after he completed the life term for alleged spying \u2014 he mirrored Islamabad's scant regard for human rights.Surjeet must have been cherishing his return to his homeland so much that he never complained when his left hand was cuffed to a Pakistani national, even after he was a free man, as he was being brought from Kot Lakhpat Jail in Lahore to Wagah.But all international legal regimes - International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Convention against Torture - deride cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment to even prisoners on the ground that it caused physical and mental suffering to them.Till about 30 years ago, Indian police too frequently resorted to handcuffing undertrial accused and prisoners, for they found this method best to guard against accused or prisoner fleeing. But, the practice was frowned upon by the Supreme Court in 1978 in Sunil Batra case, and banned altogether two years later in Prem Shankar Shukla case.In Batra case, the Supreme Court said: \"The indiscriminate resort to handcuffs when accused persons are taken to and from court and the expedient of forcing irons on prison inmates are illegal and shall be stopped forthwith save in small categories of cases. Reckless handcuffing and chaining in public degrades, puts to shame finer sensibilities and is a slur on our culture.\"But in 1980, the court in Shukla's case was more elaborate in its reasoning, while ordering a ban on handcuffing in public. It said: \"Handcuffing is prima facie inhuman and therefore unreasonable is over harsh and at the first blush arbitrary... It is brutalizing to handcuff a person in public and so is unreasonable to do so.\"The police's usual excuse that handcuffing helped in securing the custody of the accused person or prisoner failed to impress the constitutional court. It reasoned: \"Insurance against escape does not compulsorily require handcuffing. There are other measures whereby an escort can keep safe custody of a detenu without the indignity and cruelty implicit in handcuffs or other iron contraptions.\"It explained: \"Indeed, binding together either hands or feet or both has not merely a preventive impact but also a punitive hurtfulness. Manacles are mayhem on the human person and inflict humiliation on the bearer.\"The Indian police too have not completely abandoned the practice despite the two land mark judgments which have become the law of the land. For, a retired fire officer in Tirunelveli in Tamil Nadu was thrashed in public by police, handcuffed and kept in custody for seven days in 2006. The state human rights commission had asked them to pay a compensation of Rs 40,000 to him. The Madras High Court upheld the human right body's decision last year.Dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14476682", "title": "Delhi a safer place now, traffic smoother: Delhi Police chief B K Gupta", "text": "From tackling crime to cracking down on terrorism, his journey as the police chief of the country's capital has been far from easy. Though he insists there were no panic moments, he admits that Delhi is a difficult city to handle. Dwaipayan Ghosh and Raj Shekhar Jha in conversation with the commissioner of police, Brijesh Kumar Gupta, a day before he retires.What were your priorities when you began your stint as the Delhi Police chief? When you look back do you think you have done a good job?I had a three-point agenda \u2014 tackling law and order, confronting terror and disciplining traffic. And the results have been positive. The crime rate has gone down \u2014 we have witnessed a 25% drop in crime-related calls made to the PCR \u2014 and there has also been a significant improvement in traffic management.Did you have a success mantra?You just have to understand the basics of policing. Motivating the lowest level of the constabulary is important as these personnel help us make the biggest breakthroughs. Whether it be the Dhaula Kuan gangrape case or the Radhika Tanwar case it was constables who received the tip-offs. Each time a case was cracked, I made it a point to congratulate the entire team.What was your most memorable moment as the commissioner?Frankly, cracking the Israeli diplomat case and arresting Indian Mujahideen operatives were the high points. The arrest of Abu Jundal was the icing on the cake.Any regrets?From day one I wanted to have the city under electronic surveillance. The Intelligent Traffic signalling System (ITS) was an integral part of this vision. However, undue delays and last-minute changes stopped us from implementing it. I would want my successor to take it up.Did you find taking decisions difficult due to political interference?There was no political interference. And as far as decision making is concerned, I did not hesitate in consulting my colleagues before arriving at a conclusion. When you are not autocratic, you face lesser problems.Any message for Delhi Police?I would like cops to become more people-friendly as it will project a more positive image of the department.What are your post-retirement plans?I want to spend more time with family. I am going to concentrate on my fitness and practice more Yoga. I am also planning to join Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475648", "title": "Low rains will impact crop pattern: Minister", "text": "PUNE: State agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil on Thursday said if the state does not receive sufficient rainfall in the coming days, farmers will have to opt for crops that require less water in this kharif season.He said the crop pattern will shift and farmers will have to grow crops like red gram, sunflower, soyabean and bajra that need less water as compared to water-intensive crops.Vikhe Patil conducted a meeting with representatives of the state agriculture department and the agriculture university to discuss an alternative plan in case the state continued to receive low rainfall.Addressing a news conference, he said, \"The monsoon arrived late and, on top of that, the rainfall received has been inadequate. The agriculture departments' weather forecast had predicted low rainfall in June and, unfortunately, they were right. Till now, only 8% sowing activity has been reported as against last year's 13% for the same period.\"It may be noted that about 82% of farming in the state is rainfed. Only 18% agricultural land has been brought under irrigation, but farmers in these areas have shifted to cash crops. The total cultivable land in the state is 132 lakh hectares, but, this year, not all will be brought under cultivation, he said.The state government has also decided to promote micro-irrigation techniques for almost all the crops to ensure efficient use of water. The micro-irrigation project envisages expenditure of Rs 700 crore wherein many private companies have been invited to suggest solutions. Horticultural crops and sugarcane cultivation, which require more water, are being brought under micro-irrigation on a priority basis, Vikhe Patil said.Meanwhile, delayed rainfall has also affected availability of fodder. The agriculture department has told agriculture universities, which have available land and adequate water, to undertake fodder development programme and produce fodder in their fields. This will help farmers sustain their livestock, which is an additional source of income for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14497365", "title": "Man booked for making threatening calls to Uma Bharti", "text": "BHOPAL: Police have registered an FIR against a person for allegedly making threatening phone calls to senior BJP leader and former Madhya Pradesh chief minister Uma Bharti .The caller was identified as one-- Anuj Shrivastava, from Chakghat in Rewa district, who made at least six calls on Uma's cellphone during the last three days, police said on Friday.The caller threatened saying \"I will kill her in two days,\" and dared Uma's security personnel to save her, police said.He also used abusive language while speaking to Bharti's security staff who attended the calls.Efforts were on to nab the culprit, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14477547", "title": "Touts take over Tatkal", "text": "BANGALORE: If you're wondering why you can't book a railway ticket online at 8am when reservations start, blame travel agents who log on in droves and slow down all computer servers except those at the stations. This problem has become so acute that people end up going to agents to buy tickets.South Western Railway suffers as much as any other division. Touts and agents run a full-fledged business, hand-in-glove with government machinery which allows them to be the first ones served at counters. \"The person who comes at 3am to be first in the queue will be pushed back to being the 20th by 6am when travel agents stroll in. There are also scuffles between ordinary customers and agents who charge Rs 700 extra per person,\" complained Mahipal Gadiya of Bangalore.Mahipal said agents have places reserved for them in the queue and railway officials at counters are party to this scam. \"By the time all the agents have gone, we end up getting tickets on the waiting list. We can't take on this powerful gang,\" said businessman Naresh BP.\"I join the queue for women where there aren't any touts. But the menace affects the entire reservation process,\" said Manju Nair at the city railway station around which there are many travel agents. Although there is a separate counter for bulk bookings, agents send their men the previous night to the counters and they block space in the queues of all counters.Forced to go to toutsWith touts getting priority at the booking counters, the aam aadmi ends up being forced to use their services. \"I have a meeting in Delhi and tried to buy the ticket online from my house. Strangely, the server would be down from 8am to 10am and I couldn't get a reserved seat. I handed over Rs 2,000 to a travel agent. The fare is about Rs 1,400 in an AC coach. What else could I have done?\" asked Mukesh Bhan, an HR professional at a private firm in Bangalore.Indian Railways' servers slow down when too many users log on to buy tickets. This leaves people only two options -- go to the counters the night before they open or pay extra money to an agent.\"When I tried to book my tickets for October-end to Kolkata, four months before the day of travel, I wasted over one hour on the website and couldn't get a confirmed reservation in either of the two trains from Bangalore to Howrah. The server was terribly slow. Finally, I booked a ticket on a train from Chennai. Now, when I try for a Tatkal seat, I have no option but to go through an agent who will buy it at the counter,\" said Rajarshi Dhar, market research professional in Bangalore.Quote hangerWhen my father had a heart attack, I had to rush home to Kolkata. I went to an agent who wanted Rs 300 extra but there was no guarantee of getting a ticket. I decided to buy the ticket myself and ended up sleeping the night before on the tar road outside the reservation office at Cantonment station. I hadn't even taken a jacket with me.Sumit Roy | studentI'm now used to carrying my dinner, jacket and bedsheet to the reservation counters at Yeshwantpur station to book tickets. There's no way to get rid of agents who are all good friends of railway officials. Police dare not move them out, but if you try to break the queue, they'll scold you no end.Shivani Shankar | teacher", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14493677", "title": "IIT-Delhi alumni association reject compromise agreement", "text": "NEW DELHI: The alumni association of IIT-Delhi on Thursday \"rejected\" the compromise agreement reached by IIT directors on Wednesday on holding the common exams saying the decision is against the interest of students.It said the 20 percentile criteria which was agreed upon on Wednesday at the IIT council meet to end the logjam will make it difficult for students, especially from rural areas where school education is in shambles to get admitted to IITs.\"The 20 percentile criteria for school boards stands rejected because such patch-work solutions taken in haste to meet deadlines of 2013 by HRD ministry are contrary to the objectives set out by it and prejudicial to the interests of students,\" president of IIT Delhi Alumni Association Somnath Bharti said.As per the agreement reached on Wednesday, admission to the IITs from 2013 would be based only on rank achieved in the advance test subject to the condition that selected candidates are in the top 20 percentile of successful candidates of their Boards.Bharti said they will follow up with the senates on the 20 percentile issue and conducting the test from 2013.Sources on the other hand claimed some of the senates are unhappy with the latest development and have already expressed their opposition to the compromise agreement. They said senates of IIT Kharagpur and IIT Guwahati are against the 20 percentile formula.All the senates will discuss the agreement reached at the IIT Council before giving their final approval.IIT alumni which is also represented by some faculty members met here on Thursday and passed a resolution rejecting the new agreement.Bharti said the demand of delinking the centrally funded institutes like NITs and IIITs from the IIT under the common entrance has not taken place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14490790", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: Pilgrim killed in road accident, two injured", "text": "SRINAGAR: An Amarnath pilgrim was killed and two other injured on Thursday when the mini-bus they were travelling in was hit by another vehicle on the Srinagar-Jammu national highway, police said.A mini-bus carrying Amarnath pilgrims to Srinagar from Jammu was hit by an unidentified vehicle at Drangbal near Pampore, 16 km from here, injuring three pilgrims, a police spokesman said.He said the injured pilgrims - Gopal Adikari, Daleep Banerjee and Shiv Nath Kundroo (all residents of West Bengal ) - were rushed to Soura Medical Institute where Adikari succumbed to his injuries.Banerjee and Kundroo were referred to the Bone and Joints hospital for further treatment, the spokesman added.Police has registered a case and search was on for the vehicle and its driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14479141", "title": "'Every prank call wastes around 100 man-hours'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City railway stations, airport, courts, schools and various public places have witnessed teams of Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad (BDDS) and sniffer dogs scurrying around in the premises as somebody decided to play prank and engage the city police in wild chase. The city police officials urged the citizens not to make prank calls as it employs precious time of city police.A city police control room official said that most of such calls are targeted at delaying any particular activity. \"Last year in February, we had attended a call that claimed that there was bomb aboard Air India flight from Ahmedabad to Frankfurt. The call turned out to be a hoax, but more than 80 passengers on board had to wait for over four hours for security drills and check-up. We suspected that somebody missing that flight might have made the call. Likewise, many a times, the trains get delayed due to hoax calls,\" said a senior official. The most frequent targets are city courts that get a call every month. Earlier this year, the city police were forced to direct the city metropolitan court to install CCTV cameras in its premises after it received a string of hoax letters in last one year. In January this year, an anonymous letter proclaiming affiliation to Indian Mujahideen threatened of bomb blast in court if a terror accused arrested by city police was not freed immediately.Rakesh Yadav of city BDDS told TOI that every year, they have around 25 to 30 such calls. \"Every call at least employs a team of 20 to 25 men for four hours on the spot along with senior officials monitoring the situation. It is not only the waste of human resources but also a threat if a real incident happens when we are chasing fake calls,\" he said.Though the city police control room has caller id installed and subsequently finds the location, in most of the cases, such calls are never caught. Most of these calls are made from public or pay phones where there are no records of caller or surveillance.BOX", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14489230", "title": "Acid attack case: Senior CBI officials to monitor probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Considering the sensitivity and importance of the case of acid attack on three girls in Rohtak district of Haryana, DIG (CBI), Chandigarh, Mahesh Aggarwal along with a SP rank official himself went to Rohtak to monitor the investigation.The CBI took over the investigation of the sensational acid attack case from Haryana police after the intervention of Punjab and Haryana High court, which was not satisfied with Haryana polices' investigation, on June 25.Reliable CBI sources told TOI, \"Initially, a team headed by an inspector rank official was dispatched to Rohtak but later DIG Aggarwal decided to go himself along with a SP rank official to monitor the investigation.\" Sources maintained some of the police officials of district police Rohtak are likely to be questioned and Aggarwal will himself monitor the questioning.The incident took place when two youths had thrown acid on three girls and three of them were rushed to a local hospital in critical condition on June 18, 2011. Name of one of the youths, Rohan, was revealed by one of the victim girls before a duty magistrate on July 15, 2011.The matter was transferred to CBI when one of the victims had approached Punjab and Haryana high court through Haryana State Legal Services Authority and high court directed the CBI to conduct fresh investigation on May 23, 2012.A CBI official told TOI, \"Within the days when one of the victims had revealed the name of Rohan, suspect had filed an anticipatory bail in the high court, which was later withdrawn, but Haryana police allegedly gave him the clean chit.\"Two injured girls were student of class X and one was the student of class XII, and all of them were returning from tuition when youths threw acid on them. The FIR under charges of attempt to murder, criminal conspiracy and common intention was registered at Rohtak Urban Estate police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475576", "title": "2,790 illegal banners removed", "text": "PUNE: Total 2,790 illegal banners, hoardings and flex boards have been removed by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) in the last three days. Cases have been registered against 13 people so far.Banners, posters, flags, hoardings and flex boards were removed by the anti-encroachment department with the help of the sky signage department across four zones and 14 wards. Total 1,092 sign boards, 986 banners and just five hoardings were removed. \"Legal issues are involved in removing hoarding, besides it is a time-consuming job. We did remove some hoardings but a separate drive will be held for it,\" said an official of the anti-encroachment department on very few hoardings being removed so far.About 13 cases have been registered in last three days against those, who have put up these illegal banners and flex boards.Additional PMC commissioner Anoop Kumar Yadav said the number of cases filed is low as compared to the number of boards removed because filling a complaint is a continuous process, \"We intend to clear all the illegal hoardings and banners in the city and the drive will continue for a few more days till the desired result of cleaning up the city is achieved.\"Ramesh Shelar, head of the anti-encroachment department, said, \"Though the action is being taken across the city, more attention is being paid to specific areas where the number of boards is more. On Thursday, the focus was on Yerawada and Kothurd areas.\"District guardian minister Ajit Pawar had on Tuesday ordered action against illegal banners in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14477669", "title": "Cop wants to prove Pascal innocent: Suja", "text": "BANGALORE: Suja Jones Mazurier, who has accused her French diplomat husband Pascal Mazurier of raping their 4-year-old daughter, has sought a change of the investigation officer who she said is \"biased in favour of my husband\" and \"pre-determined\" to prove him innocent.In a written complaint, a copy of which is with TOI, to police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji, Suja said: \"The entire investigation being conducted by High Grounds police station officials has been hostile, biased and aimed at treating me as a criminal... I have reasons to believe that the investigation officer (IO) and his team are trying to pressurize me to withdraw the compliant filed against my husband.\"Afraid that the IO and his team \"will not conduct a fair and proper investigation\", Suja cited instances of the officer treating her unfairly. She said though she rushed to the station on knowing about the offence on June 14 to lodge an FIR, she was made to sit in the station till past midnight and the station house officer did not register the FIR. Suja's complaint to Mirji was filed on Monday, a day after she was grilled in a 4-hour session at the police station. During Sunday-night interrogation, the officer allegedly took Suja's diary from her and made comments on it.\"On June 25, 2012, I was interrogated for several hours running into night between 5pm and 9pm,\" she said, adding that several police officials and investigation officer made accusations against her and cast aspersions on her character. \"The number of people in the investigation were intented to intimidate me,\" she said.Mirji confirmed to TOI that Suja had filed a complaint. He said police sometimes have to ask uncomfortable questions during an investigation and some people may have a problem with that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14475735", "title": "Cops register 'unnatural death' case", "text": "MAPUSA: The Anjuna police on Thursday registered a case of unnatural death after questions were raised about the death of Yury Nikolaevich Vergiles, a Russian national, who died on June 25 'under tragic circumstances'.Police said that a close friend of the deceased, Yulia Yaskova, approached them with the complaint on Thursday and they registered the case as an 'unnatural death'. Police sources said that they will move for the postmortem and after they get the autopsy report, they will proceed with further investigations.According to Yaskova, a Russian national presently staying at Bamon Vaddo in Siolim, her close friend Vergiles expired on June 25 'under tragic circumstances' and his body is now lying at the Goa Medical College (GMC) morgue in Bambolim. Sources said Vergiles was feeling uneasy at his residence at St Anthony Vaddo in Anjuna. Later, his friends called the ambulance and he was taken to a nearby private hospital, where he died.Yulia has written to the sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) of Bardez requesting him to direct the concerned authorities to conduct the post-mortem or autopsy on Vergiles's body so as to know the exact cause of death. SDM Sabaji Shetye said that he cannot order the second autopsy until the he sees merit in the case. Shetye said that the complainant has to prove the grounds on which he can order the autopsy to be conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14481040", "title": "25-year-old woman raped in Sinnar tehsil", "text": "NASHIK: A 25-year-old married woman was raped at Pandhurli in Sinnar tehsil after being threatened with a sharp weapon. The Sinnar police have identified one accused in this regard and a case of rape has been registered at the Sinnar police station.According to the police, the incident occurred between Borkhind and Agaskhind. As per the complaint filed, the victim said she was walking around 3pm on Wednesday when accused Navnath Krishna Mhaskar of Borkhind and his two acquaintances threatened her with a sharp weapon, took her to a desolate place and raped her.The victim said that she was returning home from Borkhind after visiting her relative there. The victim also alleged that after raping her, the accused snatched the 4gm gold chain that she was wearing. A complaint of rape has been registered at the Sinnar Police Station.The case is being investigated by police constables Pravin Adhangale, S T Dhumal and others under the guidance of police inspector Nilesh Mainkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14480274", "title": "Pranab to meet Left, Congress MLAs", "text": "KOLKATA: After making a formal appeal to Trinamool Congress yet again on Thursday, UPA's presidential hopeful Pranab Mukherjee is likely to embark on a formal campaign tour to Bengal next weekend. On July 9, Mukherjee, along with AICC general secretary Shakeel Ahmed, may meet the Left and Congress legislature parties in the state assembly.However, senior Congress leaders said any formal meeting with Trinamool Congress or its supremo Mamata Banerjee would only hinge on how TMC reciprocates to Congress's repeated appeals.Mukherjee, after filing his nomination, said: \"I seek the support of all those including Trinamool Congress, who have not yet decided...I only wish that let me have the blessings of God and cooperation of all at this juncture. Those, who have already taken the decision to oppose me, have every right to do so in a democracy.\" State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said: \"I appeal to Trinamool again to support Pranab Mukherjee's candidature. It is a historical moment for Bengal.\" The state Congress president, however, said any formal meeting with the CM - or her party - would depend on \"how Trinamool responds to our appeals.\"Interestingly, even as Bhattacharya called and the leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra last night seeking an appointment with the Left MLAs, he didn't do so with the Trinamool. \"I would have been aware if any meeting was scheduled with TMC legislature party,There is nothing on the agenda,\" said Sovandeb Chattopadhyay, TMC chief whip.Sources said several overtures have been made to Mamata Banerjee from highly-placed quarters. All this, however, has been unable to placate her, who has taken an exception to Mukherjee calling former CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee and the then Trinamool rebel MP Kabir Suman, turning a \"blind eye to political etiquette\". Against this backdrop, Congress managers feel a formal meeting with TMC will remain inconsequential. Bhattacharya said: \"The Prime Minister has made an appeal, so has Pranab Mukherjee. I have also made an appeal. Trinamool is yet to firm up their response, but We are still hopeful.\"Mukherjee may make formal two-day campaign tour to Bengal on July 7, details of which will be finalized on Friday after he meets AICC office-bearers Shakeel Ahmed, Pawan Bansal and Suresh Pachouri - entrusted to spearhead his nationwide campaign - which starts on June 30 in Chennai. Sources said Mukherjee may come to Kolkata from Agartala and is expected to head for Ranchi on July 9 itself. Ahmed, the AICC general-secretary in-charge of Bengal and Jharkhand , will accompany him. Ahmed, in fact, may reach Kolkata on July 6. \"We will finalize the plans by tomorrow. We intend to meet CPM and Forward Bloc leadership in Kolkata also,\" Ahmed said.State Congress is already gearing up in anticipation. Manas Bhunia, a minister in the Mamata Banerjee-cabinet, said, \"We shall remain ever grateful to Soniaji for her decision to nominate Pranab Mukherjee as the presidential candidate. This has added to Bengal's pride.\" He was confident that Mukherjee would emerge winner and be the next President of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14478495", "title": "Gurgaon to have 16-lane super-speciality corridor", "text": "GURGAON: Real estate giant DLF and the Haryana Urban Development Authority ( HUDA) on Thursday announced the commencement of work on the 8.3-km, 16-lane signal-free road being built at a cost of Rs 550 crore in the city.Though it's slated to be completed in three years, inside sources said it would be completed within two years.The road would be developed under a public-private partnership (PPP) model with the basic objective of creating a sustainable infrastructure facility extending from the NH-8 toll plaza to Sector 5556.The toll-free road will provide commuters with an uninterrupted drive all along the stretch including DLF Phase I, II, IV and V, Belvedere Park and Belvedere Tower, Sectors 55, 56, 58, 59, 60 and 61.AECOM, an international consultant, has developed the concept to upgrade this arterial road to international standards.\"The contract for the project execution has been awarded to IL&FS; Engineering and Construction Company Ltd while Parson Brinckeroff is the project Management consultant. \"DLF recognizes the need to address the significant challenges of providing an optimum solution to the traffic movement based on present and projected traffic demand in future. By reducing the travel time drastically, this initiative will provide 1.5 million residents and commuters from outside Gurgaon who work in the city's offices, a hassle-free commute to their destination,\" said a DLF spokesperson.The road would be built with technologies to ensure that it remains pothole-free and smooth. This will enable uniform utilization of the 78-metre right of way from Gateway Tower till the Sector 55/56 crossing and is designed to accommodate higher traffic volume that also takes into account traffic growth in the future.This road will integrate with the Rapid Metro system proposed in Phase II and is proposed to cater to the future Rapid Metro line from Sikanderpur till the end of sector road. The corridor will also be signal free providing free movement to commuters on either side and will feature six underpasses that will also reduce noise pollution.There is also a dedicated corridor for Sector 25 to sectors 55 and 56 which will mitigate traffic conflict and thereby enable smooth flow of main traffic. The road will have sewerage and drainage systems seamlessly integrated into it, said the spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14483445", "title": "Environmentalists protest towers in Valankulam lake", "text": "COIMBATORE: Green activists are angry with TANGEDCO and PWD officials as they have allowed 10 transmission towers to be erected on the Valankulam lake to connect an upcoming 110kv substation on Race Course Road to an old substation in Ukkadam. A further two towers are coming off the lake bed and an underground cable has been planned to complete the link.The lake is the shortest route between the two points and from a development point of view, the action seems justified. But the activists are livid. They say that the corporation is in charge of the eight city lakes and the PWD has no business allowing the transmission towers to be erected. Also, the greens contend that the towers will destroy the fragile ecosystem of the wetlands and Valankulam forever.Scientists from Salim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural Sciences (SACON) agree with the greens. They say that the government's own guidelines recommend strongly against dumping of any kind into a wetland.But the government now seems to be caught violating its own guidelines. \"If you see the lake bund, you can see the history of dumping into the lake. This recent pit dug up on the encroachment also has its own morbid story to tell,\" said a SACON representative who wished to remain anonymous.The greens plan to approach the Supreme Court and file a contempt petition. They also plan to file a report with the Union government with the help of PA Azeez, director of SACON, who has researched wetland eco systems in Andhra Pradesh and EJ James, member of Central Wetland Regulatory Authority and Former Executive Director for Central Water Resource Development and Management. A Thangavelu, chief engineer, TANGEDCO, Coimbatore region, said that the Race Course substation was crucial to meet the electricity needs of the area.\"New supermarkets and big hotels have been built in the area. The towers are on the lakeside. Once the towers are erected, the sand will be removed. Our engineers have spoken with the activists, who refuse to listen to reason,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475694", "title": "3 dacoits held, Rs 22k recovered", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police on Thursday arrested three suspects for their alleged involvement in a dacoity at a company in Talegaon Dabhade last Friday.All three suspects, Nitin Arun Shirsath (23), Nilesh Govind Patil (23) and Kumar Manohar Mandalik (23), are from Parandwadi in Talegaon Dabhade. Police have recovered Rs 22,500 from them. Five accomplices, who were involved in the dacoity, are still at large.Investigations have revealed that the gang was involved in robberies on Pune-Mumbai express highway, said Nitinkumar Gokave, police inspector of the local crime branch of Pune rural police.Gokave said the gang committed the dacoity at an agro-tech company in Talegaon Dabhade and looted Rs 2.21 lakh. \"On Thursday, we received a tip-off that the three dacoits would be coming to Parandwadi, and we nabbed them,\" Gokave said.During sustained interrogation, the trio admitted to their involvement in the dacoity, Gokave said.The suspects also admitted to looting around six vehicles on expressway near Talegaon Dabhade during the past eight to 10 months. \"They used to target parked or punctured vehicles on the expressway and looted the passengers and the drivers by threatening them with sharp weapons,\" Gokave said. Gokave said investigations also revealed the suspects' involvement in robberies at Vadgaon Maval and Hinjewadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14482900", "title": "Pak releases 315 Indian fishermen", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Pakistan on Thursday released 315 Indian fishermen, including 14 minors, who were lodged in Karachi jail after they were caught in Pakistani territorial waters while fishing in the high seas. Pakistan had repatriated 257 fishermen at the time of filing this report. They would be staying overnight in Amritsar before proceeding to Gujarat. This is believed to be the highest number of fishermen released by Pakistan in a single day.5 of Kala Mann gang held: The Barnala police have arrested five members of infamous Kala Mann gang and seized five pistols from them. Barnala SSP Surjit Singh said, \"Police on Thursday arrested Harpreet Singh and seized a 32 bore pistol with two cartridges and a Pulsar; a 315 bore pistol with three cartridges and a Yamaha R from Baljinder Singh; a 315 bore pistol with a cartridge and a Hero Honda from Kulwinder Singh; and a 12 bore pistol with two cartridges from Jagtar Singh.\" All the accused are from Selbarah village.Bomb defused in near Jammu: Panic gripped the bordering town of R S Pura after a scare over live bomb detected in a briefcase on Thursday. The bomb was later destroyed by the bomb disposal squad. According to police, some locals noticed an abandoned briefcase lying near a petrol pump in Purana Pind area of R S Pura and informed them immediately. The police cordoned off the area and called the bomb disposal squad, who found a bomb fitted with a timer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangkok", "code": "14497076", "title": "Ritu Rani scores hat-trick as India thrash Singapore 9-0", "text": "BANGKOK: Skipper Ritu Rani led form the front with a hat-trick as India spanked Singapore 9-0 for their second successive Group A win in the sixth Women's Junior Asia Cup Hockey Championship.Vice-captain Poonam Rani also scored three goals on Thursday as the team followed up its 15-0 win against Sri Lanka.Vandana Katariya scored off a sixth-minute penalty corner to open the scoring.Seven minutes later, fellow forward Anupa Barla increased the lead with a field goal. Poonam scored off a penalty corner in the 22nd minute while Lily Chanu Mayengam added a field goal just before the break to ensure that India held a 4-0 lead.Poonam pumped in two field goals within 10 minutes of resumption while captain Ritu Rani scored a hat-trick off penalty corners in an 11-minute span from the 57th minute in a match in which India enjoyed 95 per cent ball possession.Though Singapore packed their defence, India scored frequently, converting six of the 15 penalty corners they forced.In another Group A match, China beat Sri Lanka 21-0 while Korea defeated Pakistan 19-0 in a Group B game.India will play against China on Monday before taking on Malaysia in their final league game the following day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14482539", "title": "Toll rates on Rajiv Gandhi Salai hiked", "text": "CHENNAI: The toll rates on Rajiv Gandhi Salai have been increased.From July 1, a car taking the IT Expressway will have to pay Rs 20 for a single trip and Rs 38 for a return trip. This is Re 1 more than the previous toll rate for a single trip and Rs 3 more for a return trip. Car owners will have to pay up Rs 65 for a daily pass and Rs1,550 for a monthly pass.The new rates are for a period of two years -- from July 1, 2012 to June 30, 2014. However, there is no toll hike for three-wheelers.The toll rate is now Rs 34, Rs 54 and Rs 80 for light commercial vehicles (LCV), buses and trucks respectively for a single trip. A monthly pass will hereafter cost Rs 2,100 for LCVs, Rs 3,450 for buses and Rs 5,100 for trucks. The toll rate has gone up by Rs 3, Rs 5 and Rs 7 for an LCV, bus and truck respectively for a single trip and by Rs 5 and Rs 10 and Rs 10 for return trip within 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14483478", "title": "Top cop visits Kovai Central Prison", "text": "COIMBATORE: ADGP S K Dogra met prisoners including those convicted in the Coimbatore serial bomb blast on Thursday and conducted a meeting with prison officials.\"This is an annual inspection and my visit to Coimbatore central prison had already been planned. I met prisoners and spoke to them about their problems in the prison,\" said Dogra.But the media had highlighted that he arrived in Coimbatore in the wake of the huge haul of contraband items in the prison. \"I did have a discussion about the parcel that was seized, with the officials. In future, such incidents should not happen in prison,\" he added. Dogra, who was accompanied by DIG P Govindaraj visited the high-security prison to discuss reformative measures.\"We plan to discuss the installation of CCTVs inside the prison complex and reform measures to prevent smuggling of contraband items into prison,\" said Dogra.He met with the prisoners who had recently passed under and post graduation courses and congratulated them. \"I gave certificates to the prisoners who have encouraged other prisoners to continue their studies,\" said Dogra.On Saturday morning, around 7 am, he will distribute awards to the warders who have performed well in their field. He also plans to get petitions from prisoners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14480344", "title": "Pending court order, GU to fill 75% dental seats", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University (GU) admission committee in charge of intake in postgraduate (PG) courses has decided that the varsity will fill 75% seats in Karnavati Dental College and Ahmedabad Dental College.Admissions on the rem a i n i n g seats will be given by the colleges' management. The decision has been taken as only two days are left for the completion of admission on PG seats in the dental colleges. Meanwhile, the committee said that the decision of the court which is hearing the case will be final and binding to both parties \u2014 GU, as well as, the management of the two dental colleges. It needs mention that controversy erupted over admission after GU received complaint that the two colleges had jointly organized an entrance test on the basis of which the management would grant admission on their PG seats.GU claimed that this was in gross violation of its rules and regulations, which stipulate that no college can conduct an entrance test on its own and all colleges should follow the merit list declared after the common entrance test conducted for PG medical students by the varsity. There was pressure from the education department that the GU and two college managements agree on giving admission to students on 50% seats each. However, the GU syndicate issued a resolution that it would retain 75% seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "madhepura", "code": "14480965", "title": "Madhepura district magistrate withholds salary of BDOs &amp; COs", "text": "MADHEPURA: Madhepura district magistrate (DM) Jitendra Kumar has put on hold the monthly salary of over a dozen block development officers (BDOs) and circle officers (COs) for their alleged failure to respond to the persons who sought information under the Right to Information (RTI) Act.The BDOs, who have earned the wrath of the district administration, and have come under the scanners are from the blocks of Ghailad, Gamhariya, Gwalpara, Udakishunganj, Bihariganj and Chausa. Likewise, the COs are from the blocks of Ghailad, Udakishunganj, Bihariganj, Chausa, Singheshwar, Murliganj, Puraini and Alamnagar. Their salaries have been put on hold with immediate effect, sources said.The officers concerned were already show-caused when the matter surged to the fore during a review of the complaints filed by information seekers under the RTI Act on June 16, sources said. DM Kumar ordered for putting on hold their salary when the errant officials did not respond to the show cause notices, sources said. The DM is also writing to the state top brass for necessary action against the officials, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14488261", "title": "Jaipur police to crack down on drug peddlers", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking cognizance on the sudden increase in the drug peddling cases in the state capital here, the Jaipur police commissioner has asked his men to pull up their socks to tighten noose against illegal trafficking of the narcotics. Police will also create a database of the criminals who were earlier arrested and convicted in such cases and every police station will use it to curb the illegal practice of drug peddling.According to the sources, BL Soni, commissioner of police was annoyed with the reports suggesting that in the walled city areas even auto rickshaw drivers are supplying narcotics. Likewise, he was also been directed by the chief minister, Ashok Gehlot to take effective measures against the drug peddlers in the state capital.Soni held a meeting on the senior officials of the Jaipur police commissionerate in which the circle inspectors of 55 police stations of the city were also been invited.\"You should chalk out result oriented strategy in your respective police station areas to curb illegal trafficking of drugs. Night patrolling should be regular and any lacuna or negligence in such cases will be taken as indiscipline,\" Soni said while addressing the men at the city police control room on Thursday night.He said that every police station has got the list of the persons who were infamous in drug peddling and were booked in NDPS Act, thus Jaipur police will make a database of these persons.\"This will enable every police station in the city to share information to solve such cases and check illegal trafficking of drugs,\" Soni said.According to the police sources, places in the walled city, Sodala, Pratap Nagar, Shastri Nagar, Bhatta Basti are the bastions of the drug peddlers. Mostly beggars and auto rickshaw owners are the soft targets of the kingpins who give them the narcotics to sell on commission basis.In 2011 Jaipur police had arrested a drug peddler whose entire family, including his wife, was into the business.Quoting such cases, Soni said, \"They get free sometimes after completing their sentence in jail, while many a times they are bailed out. After coming out of jail these people start their malpractice again. Thus, I have asked my men to keep a tab on the activities of the criminals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "14481852", "title": "Farmers booked for opposing nuclear power plant in Haryana", "text": "FATEHABAD: The Haryana police have booked around 50 farmers for stopping officials from surveying the land for the proposed nuclear power plant at Gorakhpur in Fatehabad district.They were also booked under the SC and ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act for \"passing castiest remarks\" against one of the officials, and on charges of assault and destruction of government documents on Wednesday.Fatehabad DSP Jagdish Kumar said that they have identified four people -- Raj Kumar, Ratna Ram, Badlu Ram and Randhir Kumar -- as accused in the case.\"We will identify the rest of the accused by watching video footage,\" said Kumar, who will investigate the matter.All opposition parties in Haryana have been supporting the agitators, who are on a dharna against the proposed power plant for the last two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14498967", "title": "Battle on for CAB's best cricketer's award", "text": "The battle lines are drawn between pacer Ashok Dinda and all-rounder Laxmi Ratan Shukla for being named as the Best Bengal Cricket for the year 2010-11.Dinda was the standout performer for Bengal in the last domestic season picking up 69 wickets in all. In more than one match, the right-hand pacer carried Bengal's attack on his own shoulder. His performance saw him return to the national side too.Bengal coach WV Raman and skipper Sourav Ganguly had also spoken highly about Dinda. Ganguly had even commented that Dinda is the \"best bowler in India\" going by his current form. A section of Bengal selectors too favour Dinda for this award.However, a section of Cricket Association of Bengal ( CAB) officials carry a different opinion. According to them although Dinda's was a stand out performance, but he could not win a tournament for Bengal last season.According to them the only tournament Bengal won last season was the Vijay Hazare One-day meet and the person who was mainly instrumental for that was none other than Shukla. Dinda's performance helped East Zone win the Duleep Trophy for the first time, but since Shukla scripted Bengal's victory in Vijay Hazare meet, the old war horse's name should be considered before Dinda.Some even spoke of a compromise formula of naming Shukla as best cricketer and given the Shute Banerjee Trophy for outstanding performance to Dinda.The final words will only be out days before CAB's annual awards function on July 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14481854", "title": "Threat letter forced security enhancement in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Behind heavy security bandobast put in place in and around Vidhan Bhawan, Annexe, Bapu Bhawan and chief minister's house in Lucknow was a threat letter that TOI had received on Sunday night. The letter had come by post in a closed envelope to TOI's Lucknow office.Senior police officers were informed about the letter that was not published to ensure that no panic is created and to allow the police to put security arrangements in place. Officials took the threat letter seriously and made putting in place security arrangements a top priority.Security forces did not have much time to chalk out plans keeping in view the contents of the letter. The contents are being held back to ensure that it does not affect the investigations. Among other things 27th June was mentioned in the letter.With only a few hours to act, Anti Terrorist Squad commandoes, Provincial Armed Constabulary (PAC) and Rapid Action Force personnel, traffic department, dog squads and senior officials from DGP AC Sharma to district police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey put the arrangements in place.Not taking any chances till the time the person who sent the threat letter is caught; heavy deployment of security force was put in place.Routes were blocked from four sides and people entering the restricted area were thoroughly checked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14477617", "title": "High court tells state, AP govts to decide on water for Pavagada", "text": "The high court on Thursday warned that it will be left with no alternative but to pass appropriate orders on providing drinking water to the parched border taluk of Pavagada if both Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh fail to negotiate and arrive at a formula for using/sharing water in the next four weeks.\"What were the authorities doing when Andhra Pradesh drew up this scheme? It is simple psychology that if water (pipe) passes through and it is not available to them the people will agitate. It iscommon.You (both governments) sit together and work it out. If no agreement is arrived at, we will be constrained to pass necessary orders. At present, we are reluctantly adjourning the hearing,\" the division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed while granting time till July 26 for both sides. The bench was also not happy with the response from Karnataka Urban Water Supply and Drainage Board.Earlier, the government advocate told the court that the chief minister has written to his Andhra Pradesh counterpart. However, the state's counsel said several areas in Andhra Pradesh are far worse than Pavagada. He also claimed that any sharing would reduce allocation of water to Andhra Pradesh.DEADLINE FOR GOVTA division bench headed by the chief justice has given a four-week deadline to the government to come out with the list of posts to be reserved for persons with disabilities as per Section 32 of the Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act, 1995. The bench warned that it would be left with no other option but to direct the government to adopt list of such posts already identified by the Centre in case the state fails to come out with its list.The PIL is filed by a number of organizations, including the Karnataka Rashtriya Kissan Sangha, the Indian Medical Association (Pavagada), Indian Medical Association seeking for supply of drinking water to Pavagada taluk through the pipeline laid for the Neelakantapuram Srirami Reddy water project in Andhra Pradesh .They claim that 10 km pipeline(Andhra claims as 7 km ) passes through through the territory of Karnataka in Pavagada taluk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14476903", "title": "Over 10k engineering seats in state go abegging", "text": "NAGPUR: Continuing the trend of last few years, this year too many seats are bound to remain vacant in engineering colleges all over Maharashtra, according to indications from Directorate of Technical Education (DTE).Over 1.33 lakh engineering seats up were up for grabs in the state, but DTE had received only 1,31,867 applications till Thursday, according to joint technical education director Gulabrao Thakre. Of these, 1,19,165 have been confirmed at the Application Receipt Centres (ARCs). Considering the low response, the DTE has extended last date of application till Saturday. But DTE sources apprehended that still over 10,000 seats will remain vacant.In Nagpur division, that has 58 engineering colleges, the number of applications received is less than the seats available by a few thousand. For about 23,900 seats, 18,677 applications were received so far indicating that about 5,000 or half of total vacancies in state might be in Nagpur division alone. On the other hand, nearly 900 seats were added to existing intake as AICTE has given nod to expansion proposals of many colleges. Last year, over 7,000 seats remained vacant in colleges under Nagpur University. From this year, four colleges in Chandrapur and Gadchiroli will shift to newly-formed Gondwana University (GU).About 30,339 students in NU's jurisdiction qualified for the engineering courses through last MHT-CET while 7,504 made it from GU. A total of 37,843 qualified from the region coming under joint director's jurisdiction. Sources added that of the total applicants, over a thousand would move to colleges in Mumbai and Pune, while some will prefer a seat in any of the six autonomous institutions. Many will also go to IITs and NITs.Moreover, many aspirants fail to meet basic eligibility criteria, while some face problems in securing certificates like caste validity and domicile. The recurring circumstance of vacant seats has raised many questions about the students' perception of seeing engineering as a stable career option. Academicians attributed this trend to huge increase in number of seats and exorbitant increase in fees.(With inputs from Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14490796", "title": "Mahasweta Devi makes her film debut", "text": "Renowned litterateur and social activist Mahasweta Devi will make her silver screen debut with the Bengali film Ullas, based on a story penned by the 86-year-old international award winning author herself.Three stories get entwined in the film. Mahasweta appears in the most prominent part titled Dour (Run). \"I haven't shared a frame with any important member of the cast. But this is the first time I have faced the camera,\" said the Magsaysay Award winner.Dour is a story about the death of a young tribal man during a recruitment test for police constables. It bears a striking similarity to a recent incident in which two young men, appearing for the physical fitness test for the posts of Kolkata Police constables, died.Interestingly, Mahasweta Devi has been championing the cause of tribal welfare for several years and is known for her 'compassionate crusade through art and activism to claim for tribal peoples a just and honorable place in India's national life.' She also won the Jnanpith award, India's highest literary prize, and donated the prize money to a tribal welfare society.Speaking about her performance in Dour, director Ishwar Chakraborty said, \"The writer was prolific and the script is superb.\"The author however claimed, \"I haven't seen the film as yet. Only I have written the stories and followed the words of the director during shooting. I am leaving it to the audience to judge its merits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14484011", "title": "Tatkal tickets: How agents beat Net traffic", "text": "NEW DELHI: Touts and illegal agents have found novel ways to bypass the heavy traffic to IRCTC's Tatkal booking site, log on quickly and corner tickets at will.Tatkal tickets, as the name suggests, can be booked 24 hours ahead of journey and touts say their businesses run on their ability to beat the traffic. One of those TOI talked to, claimed he was always a \"step ahead of others\".Step one, he said, was to use a non-MTNL net connection. \"In India, MTNL is the preferred service provider, so traffic on the IRCTC site from BSNL servers is very heavy. A good way out: Draft a friend living in a foreign land to login. Tell him to book the ticket for you. The friend will access IRCTC from a different server. For him, it'll be a breeze. Seamlessly, he'll buy your ticket and clear out,\" he explains.\"Here's another tip,\" he says. \"Enabling the lowspeed connection option in your browser (some browsers like Opera have it) even while using high-speed internet works wonders. This results in faster loading of a page.\"If IRCTC thought stopping usage of one IP address to book multiple tickets can stop touting, here's how touts mock this safety feature. \"Switch off your modem and turn it on again. You have a new IP address. This is because most service providers use dynamic IP addresses,'' the agent says. It is also possible to login using multiple IDs from different browsers, yet again beating IRCTC's efforts to offer restricted access to travel agencies.Synchronize your computer clock with the IRCTC site time and start booking exactly after 8am. Those who try in the first few seconds after 8am have a better chance of booking, he says.Agents, though, say it takes \"homework, practice and diligence'' to complete the bookings lightning fast. \"First, we find available trains, select source and destination of travel. Most important is to zero in on the train where getting confirmations is easiest. A maximum of four passengers can travel on a Tatkal ticket. We keep their details ready and use Forefox's auto-fill feature to fill them in quickly.''He suggests no passenger must waste time on the \"Quick book\" option that the IRCTC site offers. \"Under ordinary circumstances, if you fill the form quickly and press quick book, it should reach a banking site without asking for any further verification and confirmation. Very few know IRCTC has blocked this from 8 am to 9 am making the tool useless,'' he smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14480207", "title": "State set to observe B C Roy birthday today", "text": "KOLKATA: It isn't always politics that can spark a stand-off between the Mamata Banerjee government and the Left opposition. Even the birthday celebrations of Bengal's first chief minister Dr B C Roy can be a bone of contention.A decision by the government to celebrate Dr B C Roy's 130th birth anniversary in the state assembly on Friday - two days ahead of his actual birthday on Sunday - prompted the opposition to stage a walkout in protest. They will also stay away from the birthday celebrations, which chief minister Mamata Banerjee is likely to attend.The issue which culminated in Thursday's walkout was spurred after speaker Biman Banerjee informed the house that since the House is closed on Sunday, Dr B C Roy's birthday will be celebrated in the assembly on Friday. \"The chief minister will be present. Therefore, among the scheduled debates, only the one on home affairs will be held. It will be of three-hour duration.\" Leader of opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra wanted to protest it, but wasn't allowed by the speaker. Soon, there was a pandemonium in the House which was followed by a Left walkout.Mishra said: \"Due to the fickle mindedness of the chief minister, the assembly norms are being regularly flouted. It was decided in the business advisory committee meeting that the chief minister will attend the budget debates of her departments on Friday. Later, we were told that due to Ultarath, the CM will not attend and it will be postponed. Again, we were informed that the chief minister will not only speak on home and minority affairs department, but also hill affairs. Today we are being told she will speak only on home affairs. We suspect that this is just a ploy to send her departmental budgets to guillotine (a parliamentary term when budgets are approved without any discussion).\"Taking further potshots at the CM and referring to the birthday celebrations of Dr B C Roy, Mishra said: \"Will the assembly be run from the Writers'? This is an insult to eminent personalities. Why bring it forward? We will not participate in it on Friday.\"Parliamentary affairs minister Partha Chatterjee said: \"I had informed Mishra personally. Since his birthday fell on a Sunday, the speaker decided to organize the celebrations on Friday. As a result, there will be time constraint and hence the budget debate on two departments have been deferred. This is neither wrong nor illegal.According to rules, if the speaker announces something in the House and it is accepted, it can't be deemed illegal. During the Left regime, there are ample examples on how the assembly was run from Alimuddin Street. Here the speaker is taking decisions. What is wrong in it?\" Congress legislative party leader Md Sohrab, now in New Delhi, didn't comment.The fissures were evident in the morning when the speaker turned down Mishra's plea to bring a privilege motion against the chief minister for not informing the assembly on important announcements announcing a fresh incentive for Singur's unwilling farmers out the Assembly, though it is still in session.Later, Chatterjee called on Mishra and requested him, among others, to attend the house proceedings for his \"absence is prompting Trinamool MLAs to stay away from the assembly debates.\" Such was the shortfall this afternoon, that the speaker had to call for a 15-minute session break as neither the deputy speaker Sonali Guha nor the senior MLAs - who preside over the House in his absence - were present to relieve him. When forest minister Hiten Burman rose to defend his budget proposals, only 70 MLAs in the 294-member House were present - 47 Trinamool legislators, 28 Left MLAs and only five Congress MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14483858", "title": "Metro to Narela: DDA offers funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Development Authority has offered financial support to DMRC to connect Narela in north-west Delhi with other parts of the city through Metro in Phase IV.DDA had planned Narela as a sub-city spread over 7,464 hectares in 1990s. It accommodates 1.62 million people though DDA officials say lack of connectivity has led to low occupancy in various pockets of the area.\"About 50-55% of the housing requirement in this sub-city would be for urban poor and economically weaker sections. So, an efficient public transport system is required to provide connectivity,\" claims a DDA statement on Thursday. \"The proposal of requesting DMRC for connectivity has been approved by LG Tejendra Khanna,\" a DDA official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14495646", "title": "Mozambican nabbed from cargo vessel in Hazira", "text": "SURAT: A Mozambique national was detained by the marine police station of city police for questioning. He was present on a cargo vessel without required permission coming to Hazira, industrial zone near Surat.The Mozambique national was identified as Peter and was first spotted by the cargo vessel officials while on way from Mumbai to Hazira. The vessel was coming for a commercial trip to an industrial unit in Hazira on Thursday during which he was spotted. During questioning he was unable to produce authorisation documents and give satisfactory answers to the vessel officials.On arrival at Hazira, Peter was handed over to the marine police station where he was questioned for several hours to get details about his unauthorised presence on the vessel. During questioning Peter informed police that he wanted to go to Europe and boarded a ship going to European country from a Mozambican port. But the ship came to Mumbai before going to Europe. He got down from the ship and searched for another ship.On getting information that a ship is going to Europe he boarded it but it came to Hazira and now he is in police custody. Police also questioned him about his intentions but nothing suspicious has been found from him. Unauthorised movement of foreign national alerted police as Hazira is one of the largest industrial zones of western India. Police are to continue questioning Peter and refused to reveal more details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14479235", "title": "Barrackpore gets helicopter unit", "text": "KOLKATA: A new helicopter unit comprising multipurpose Mi-17 V5 helicopters - the latest acquisition of the Indian Air Force - has been raised at the Barrackpore airbase. The first helicopter will be inducted on Friday by Air Marshal S Varthaman, AOC-in-C, Eastern Air Command.The Mi-17 V5 choppers have more powerful engines and larger fuel capacity than their predecessors and are extremely versatile for carrying out both military and civil operations. The choppers will be able to operate in high altitudes and air bridge the remote and inhospitable terrain in the North East. The choppers have colour weather radar that allows it to operate in bad weather conditions. tnn Its Generation-III night vision goggles capability will enable special operations. Apart from search and rescue operations on land and sea, the choppers may also be used by central police forces.The helicopters also have sustained fire power and fall in the category of an armed helicopter. One of its most interesting features is the Bambi bucket fire-fighting system. It comprises a large bucket suspended below the aircraft that can pick up about three and a half tonnes of water from any reservoir and drop it over a fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14480007", "title": "Civic body panel puts green bond on hold", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The much-touted green bond scheme of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) may have to wait a little longer. The AMC standing committee has directed the parks and gardens department to examine certain provisions of the scheme before the scheme is thrown open for the public.Insiders claim that increased capital costs of plantation drives and the scale at which saplings wither are being examined. The AMC had planned to launch two schemes to encourage people's participation in increasing green cover in the city. The schemes are called the 'AMC Green Bond Scheme' and 'Own a Tree Concept', which had to be launched before the monsoon. The civic body was to pay individuals who maintain trees in their private premises for a specific number of years. \"Under the proposal, the civic body would have paid Rs150 and Rs250 a tree for maintaining and nurturing it for three and five years respectively,\" a senior official said.A detailed campaign to encourage people to register under this scheme was planned and the drive was to be conducted in areas where the tree count was poor. \"Participants were to be issued green bond after verification, which could be redeemed after three or five years. Under this scheme, participants are required to plant such species that have a canopy on maturity \u2014 neem, banyan, gulmahor, mango, and peepal among others,\" adds the official. The recently concluded tree census revealed that there is just one tree for every 10 individuals while the standard requirement is 61 trees per person. The census revealed that Ahmedabad has just 6.17 lakh trees.\"There are less trees on private campuses compared to public premises,\" adds the official. Under the 'Own a Tree Concept', citizens will be invited to own a tree reared in public premises or roads for six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14495063", "title": "Summer hours bad for businesses and workers", "text": "Summer hours are bad for businesses and employees alike, a new study has found.Bosses have long known that worker productivity plummets when temperatures soar in the summer.As an antidote for the heat-induced lethargy among workers, many employers are once again offering summer hour policies this year to help breathe some life into flagging employee enthusiasm.However, after the findings of the new study, those bosses might want to think twice before making the same decision next year.A study of more than 600 white-collar workers across North America looked at the impact of several popular approaches to flexibility during the summer months such as telecommuting, worker longer days from Monday to Thursday so Fridays could be shortened or taken off, closing early on Fridays and permitting workers to arrive and leave early.According to Captivate Network, the digital media company that sponsored the study, virtually all of the policies had a negative impact.Summertime itself has a negative impact on the workplace. 20 per cent people reported that productivity goes down, 19 percent attendance dips, 13 per cent project turnaround time increases and 45 percent are more distracted.The study found that the addition of summer hours only exacerbates these problems.For example - employees who leave early on Fridays reported a 53 percent drop in personal productivity and those who make up for fewer Friday hours by working longer hours from Monday to Thursday reported that their stress levels increased by 23 percent.Only telecommuting has a positive impact, with 57 per cent of respondents who were offered this option reporting that it increased their productivity.But only 4 percent of companies make this option available to their employees. Telecommuting is also the only approach that results in lower employee stress than prohibiting summer hours all together.\"These are surprising - and perhaps unwelcome - findings,\" Fox News reported Mike DiFranza, president of Captivate Network, as saying.\"On the face of it, summer hours probably seem like a terrific idea and are welcome by all. Unfortunately, the impact is almost uniformly negative. Given the state of the economy and the unease felt by many workers, perhaps it's time to reconsider these types of policies,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14485288", "title": "Premchand\u2019s stories to come alive at city theatre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After the Tagore treat, it's time for city to travel back in time to meet yet another legendary writer Munshi Premchand in order to witness some great works penned by him. This literary treat would be brought to the city by Tagore Theatre society which is all set to host a Munshi Premchand Theatre festival in July.In the last one year, City Beautiful has witnessed more then 15 theatre plays during different theatre festivals based on the stories written by Rabindranath Tagore, but in last many years there have been no such festival based on Munshi Premchand stories, which is why this festival is all set to stand out.The seven-day festival will be based on stories that have not been staged in Chandigarh before. Theatre groups who have been registered in Tricity will be a part of this festival.Talking about the festival, Kuldeep Sharma, director of Tagore Theatre, said, \"The process of inviting proposals is done, the short listing of seven stories have also been done by our three panelists including theatre personality G S Chani, chairman of Chandigarh Sangeet Natak Akademi Kamal Tiwari and theatre personality Parvesh Sethi. The selected applications will be now sent for approval.\"The festival aims at not just bringing forth stories written by the legendary Indian writer but also give a platform to the local theatre groups to showcase their talent. \"Earlier a 10-day Tagore Theatre Festival was organized by the society to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore,\" said Sharma.For years, the local groups have felt left out by the administration as every time there is a theatre festival, the groups that performed were from other states. However, this is an initiative specially taken by the Tagore Society to highlight local groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "beed", "code": "14482563", "title": "'Doubt it's my son's photo'", "text": "Beed: Rehana Begum, 65, mother of Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, on Thursday claimed that the latest photo shown on TV and in newspapers, is not of her son. \"I strongly doubt it. It cannot be my son,\" she told reporters at her brother's residence here. Ansari was arrested in Delhi on June 21 in connection with the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks.Rehana Begum said her son was not one to indulge in illegal activities. \"Given a chance, I would like to confirm that the photo being aired is not of my son,'' she said. \"We have strong faith in the judiciary. Islam doesn't allow killing of innocent people and my son was not the kind to indulge in such activities. Still, if he is found guilty, he should be punished.''\"Zabi would step out at 8am to work and return late in the evening; he was obedient and hardworking. The family was heavily dependent on him and he knew that,'' she said. She also refused to believe that Ansari married in Pakistan.Rehana Begum said the family didn't know what had happened and why her son suddenly disappeared. She said she last talked to her son in 2006, just before he left for work. He never returned home. She said ever since he disappeared, even close relatives maintained a distance.Jundal and Fayyaz Kagzi, another suspect from Beed, had disappeared from the town and were on the run since the seizure of arms and arrest of suspected terrorists near Ellora ghat, about 25 km from Aurangabad on May 9, 2006.In a joint operation with the Aurangabad rural police, the state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) had arrested several youths and seized a Tata Sumo jeep in Ellora, which was laden with 11 AK-47 rifles, 2,200 cartridges and 33 kg RDX. Later, the Indica car which had managed to slip away was found abandoned in Nashik district and was also laden with arms and explosives. The jeep was hired from Beed while the car belonged to a businessman in Aurangabad. Drivers of both the car and the jeep were arrested and have since been under trial. Jundal and Kagzi got wind of Ellora arms seizure and disappeared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480337", "title": "Abbottabad-like operation helped link Jundal's DNA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Abu Jundal's mother Rehana Begum on Thursday denied that police took samples of her DNA as well as that of her husband in order to get the Lashkar terrorist deported to India, putting the spotlight on the covert operation by which the crucial evidence was extracted from the terrorist's father.\"Our (Rehana and her husband Zakiuddin Ansari's) DNA test was never done,\" agencies quoted Jundal's mother as telling reporters in her hometown of Beed in Maharashtra.The claim ran contrary to the version of sources in the government that it was only because Jundal's DNA sample matched those of his parents that the Saudi authorities accepted India's claim that the person in their custody who claimed to be Riyasat Ali, a Pakistani national, was actually one of the 26/11 masterminds.Yet, intelligence officials did not seem to be upset with Jundal's mother. No one accused her of lying, because neither she nor her spouse got to know when the DNA sample was taken from Zakiuddin to be dispatched to Saudi Arabia .Sources familiar with the operation said the DNA sample was obtained with the help of one of the relatives of the Ansaris whom the Maharashtra ATS, working at the instance of the central agencies, had roped in for the mission. As part of the tactic, the relative started picking up fights with Zakiuddin and finally, in a scuffle, managed to scratch skin and blood from Jundal's father.The tissue made for the DNA sample which helped Saudi authorities reject Pakistan's claim that Jundal was Riyasat Ali, a resident of Karachi , and not Jundal alias Zabiuddin Ansari, one of the most wanted terrorists who, besides 26/11, was wanted for Aurangabad arms haul and Ahmedabad train blast cases.The Americans also had to use a ruse to try to secure DNA samples of Osama bin Laden and his family in order to establish his presence in a safe house near Abbottabad. They roped in Dr Shaqeel Afridi who, under the garb of a polio vaccination campaign, tried to collect DNA samples of Osama's children.Although the nurses working for Afridi were not allowed to vaccinate anyone in Osama's family they did succeed in getting a mobile phone number for someone inside the bin Laden compound. That phone call allowed the CIA to make a voice match to bin Laden's private courier, a man known as Abu Ahmed al-Kuwaiti and finally ascertain that the Al-Qaida chief was living there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14500040", "title": "Field trials on to test tree strength", "text": "KOCHI: Waking up to the reality that trees are being cut without reason and some not being cut despite requiring to be, the Kerala forest department is debating on introducing sonic tomography to understand the health of a tree. Tomographs are similar to MRI images used for human medical imaging. \"We are considering using computer tomography to test the health of a tree especially in public places where a sudden fall can cause damage to life and property.The sensors are placed on the tree trunk and the images of the inner portions are taken,\" said BS Corrie, additional principal chief conservator of forests. Sometimes the trees look strong from the outside, but could be hollow inside. So, even if it is standing in a public place, the local body can cut the tree immediately to prevent an accident, he said. An evaluation committee chaired by Corrie, Winston Suting, APCCF (northern region), C V Anoop, head, department of wood science, College of Forestry, Kerala Agricultural University, Tulsidas, wood scientist at Kerala Forest Research Institute, Sreekumar, DFO, Timber sales Perumbavoor and Nagaraj DFO, Malayatoor evaluated the field trials demonstrated by Elixir Technologies, Bangalore.The trials were held at the Mudikal timber depot and the forests of Malayatoor forest division on Friday and Saturday. Sonic tomography tracks the speed of sound waves through the trunk or large branch of a tree, or in some cases large roots. The tomogram is an image of the scanned area, which is more or less a flat plane cross-section through the tree or branch. This is done by placing sensors around the trunk or branch of a tree, and tapping the sensors with an electronic hammer that begins the sound wave. Sonic tomography detects differences in the ability of wood to transmit sound waves. However, it cannot identify the specific reason for such differences. \"If the tree has a disease, the device will detect it as it uses sound and electric signals to detect the condition. The only disadvantage is that you can't detect damage beyond a certain height from ground level. You need to fix the probes using a ladder,\" said Dr C V Anoop, head, department of wood science, College of Forestry, KAU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14477443", "title": "Probe ordered into child\u2019s rape in Sangam Vihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The child welfare committee, Lajpat Nagar, has asked police to look into the allegations that a four-year-old girl was raped by her neighbour in Sangam Vihar a fortnight ago and is waiting for treatment. The victim's family also claims that they have been approached by the accused's mother to \"settle\" the case for Rs 3,000.The order came after a welfare officer conducted a home investigation on June 23 and submitted a report to the committee, saying the family had no money to get the girl treated.CWC then asked the officer to contact NGOs which may help the family financially. Accordingly, Pratidhi, an NGO, has offered Rs 3,000 for immediate treatment of the girl who is in pain, a member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14484595", "title": "40% water lost in distribution: Survey", "text": "Bangalore: If you're not getting enough water or your tap sputters once too often, blame it on a jaw-dropping 40% loss in water transmission and distribution.This was one of the findings in a survey conducted by the Centre for Science and Environment ( CSE) in 71 cities across India. The second volume of the seventh 'State of India's Environment report - Excreta Matters' was launched here on Thursday.Water is distributed in Bangalore through a 4,400-km piped service. The city has 46 ground reservoirs and as many overhead tanks, holding 616 MLD ( Million Litres Daily) and 41 MLD, respectively . Despite that, the water supply is unequal . While the core municipality covers100% of the population, smaller municipalities or urban local bodies get anywhere between 10% and 60% of water with the rest lost in distribution. Bangalore has 3,67,579 piped connections, of which 3,46,793 are domestic and the rest non-domestic . Every year, around 20,000 connections are added. Around 15,182 community taps cater to the urban poor, and still the water distribution figures remain elusive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14483621", "title": "12-yr-old Andheri boy mowed down by own school bus", "text": "MUMBAI: A 12-year-old student of SCD Barfiwala High School in D N Nagar, Andheri (West), was run over by his school bus on Wednesday afternoon. The incident took place outside the school gate when the bus was reversing.Eyewitnesses told the police that the boy, Hamza Sidique Tabani, was crushed by a rear wheel. The Class VI student succumbed to his injuries in hospital at night. This is the second such incident in the city in four months. On February 8, a six-year-old student of Podar International School, Zahraa Shaikh, had come under the wheel of her school bus after she alighted behind St Anthony's Church in Vakola.New school bus policy from Sept 1F rom September 1, it will be mandatory for students to travel to schools only by school buses, which must be painted yellow. The buses should have attendants, exit doors and fire extinguishers. P 3 Boy's uncle accuses school of negligenceAteacher of SCD Barfiwala High School , whose Std VI student Hamza Sidique Tabani was run over by his school bus on Wednesday , said , \"There was commotion outside our gate around 1pm, after the school got over . We all rushed to the gate . When we found out what had happened, we called up the boy's parents and called for an ambulance.\"The boy's uncle said the school had been negligent in handling the matter. \"They did not take Hamza to hospital , but waited for half an hour for his parents to arrive . In the meantime , they made him sit on a table on the school's premises . When his parents arrived at the school, a teacher told them to take him to a hospital. They (school authorities ) told us that such accidents had occurred in the past as well and it was not serious .\"Hamza's parents took him to a doctor, who advised a CT scan . \"On the way to hospital , Hamza asked for water . After taking a sip , he immediately lost consciousness ,\" the uncle said.A police officer said it was surprising that the hospital where Hamza was taken immediately after the accident released him after a basic check-up . His parents took him home from there . Hamza's condition worsened by evening , when he was admitted to a private hospital . Later , Hamza succumbed to his injuries . \"He died of internal bleeding ,\" the uncle said .The police said the bus was about to stop at the gate to pick up students when the driver changed gears to reverse . Suddenly, Hamza ran behind the bus to reach its entry on the other side, but came under a rear wheel. The D N Nagar police said the driver , Deepak Rajaram Gurav , was arrested for rash and negligent driving , but was not found to be under the influence of alcohol . Gurav was produced before a magistrate's court on Thursday , and released on bail .The police are inquiring if an attendant was present in the bus at the time of the accident . TOI made several attempts to contact the bus's contractor, B Rathod , but he was not available for comment .DRIVER'S NEGLIGENCEJune 19, 2012 |A group of 34 pre-primary students and nine parents had a narrow escape as their bus got stuck at a railway crossing in Panvel and two trains sped towards the vehicle on both tracks. The bus driver had entered the crossing's first gate despite a siren warning about the approaching trainsFeb 8 |Six-year-old Zahraa Shaikh, a student of Podar International School, was run over by her school bus after she alighted on the road behind St Anthony's Church in Vakola. Driver Sanjay Rohandas (29), who was listening to music on earphones, started the bus without realizing that the girl was standing close byJan 19 |More than 60 students of Father Agnel Multipurpose School in Vashi had a narrow escape as their school bus lost control and crashed head-on with a tempo in Nerul. Five students suffered minor injuries, and were given first-aidDec 13, 2011 |Thirteen students from Universal High School near Brahmand in Thane were injured when their bus hit a divider on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway late on Wednesday. The 44-seater vehicle was heading back to Thane after a trip to Kolhapur when the driver lost control near Amrutanjan Bridge in KhandalaNov 23 |Nine-year-old Viraj Parmar, a student of Shreevallabh Ashram English Medium School, Sion (West), died after his head hit a hoarding dangling from an electric pole. He had stuck his head out of a window of his schoolbus and was waving to his friends when the bus reversed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14482454", "title": "31-year-old woman kills self in Bandra", "text": "MUMBAI: A 31-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide at her Bandra residence on Wednesday. The deceased, Dipti Khanna, was separated from her husband and was living alone at Kalpana Apartment. Khar police denied foul play and said that no suicide note was found near the body.Khanna's mother, Tara Kapoor, lives nearby and the same maid used to work at both houses. The maid had a spare key to Khanna's house.On Wednesday morning, after finishing her work at Kapoor's flat, the maid arrived at Khanna's house. She opened the door with the help of the spare key when Khanna didn't respond to the door bell and found her body hanging from the ceiling fan. The maid immediately alerted the deceased's mother and informed the police about the incident.The Khar police have registered a case of accidental death. Cops said that Khanna was under depression from some time and was undergoing treatment for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480385", "title": "Congress suspends tribal leader Arvind Netam for backing Sangma", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Thursday suspended tribal leader Arvind Netam for backing P A Sangma in the July 19 President's election.The party was stung by its veteran from Chhattisgarh addressing a press conference with Sangma and strongly advocating the north-east leader's candidature after he filed his nomination.Sangma has positioned himself as an ST leader, arguing that it was time for a tribal to occupy the top constitutional post.Netam on Thursday said the Tribal Forum of India, which has sponsored Sangma, reached out to all political parties for support, but Congress had failed to respond. \"We are happy that Sangma is a candidate from the Tribal Forum of India,\" he said.With TV footage causing acute embarrassment for the Congress, amid concerns it may not go down well with the tribal constituency, AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi said, \"Arvind Netam has been suspended from the party with immediate effect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14495414", "title": "GTU initiated a project Design of the Structure of Technological University", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has initiated a project - Design of the Structure of Technological University, (DSTU) which plans to research and review the design and layout of a technological university.With the advent of technology, changes in teaching and learning process and new modes of implementation of various strategic pro-grams; a need arises for a constant change, up gradation and evalua-tion of the current setup. At the first plenary meeting of the proj-ect,it was decided that the aim of the project is to improve the cur-rent set up of university to utilize its resources effectively and to cre-ate a road map to head towards being a university, which offers the best of learning environment to its students and the faculty mem-bers.The first task of DSTU is to design the Organizational Structure for GTU so that it may be able to serve its intended objective effec-tively. He said that the basic idea behind initiating this project is to sensitize the members in all the institutions at various levels to en-courage them to put in their best efforts in making GTU a World Class Technological Institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "14484589", "title": "US detains Pak ex-minister over terror ties", "text": "HOUSTON: Former Pakistani minister Shaikh Rashid, known for his pro-LeT leanings , was detained at Houston airport on arrival for his possible links with the terror group's founder Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind of the Mumbai attacks. Rashid, 61, leader of the Awami Muslim League of Pakistan, was detained soon after he arrived by an Emirates flight on Wednesday evening and was freed after five hours of interrogation.Sources said Rashid was detained for his possible links with Saeed. It is understood that he was scheduled to attend a fundraiser and meetings with his supporters in the US. The US department of homeland security was not immediately available for any comments.According to Pakistan's Geo News channel, the former minister was released after Pakistan's ambassador to the US, Sherry Rehman, asked the Pakistani consulate here to help him out.Following her directives, Pakistan's consul general in Houston, Aqil Nadeem, reached the airport to talk to the immigration authorities following which the former minister was allowed to leave the airport after five hours of interrogation , it said.Rashid had in recent past actively attended the rallies and meetings organised by Defa-e Pakistan Council, an alliance of extremist and hardline groups formed by JuD chief Saeed. He had accompanied Saeed to the rallies and press conferences where they both made statements against India and the US.Rashid had served as the federal minister for railways in Pakistan from 2006 to 2008.Talking to a Pakistani TV news channel on phone from Houston, Rashid did not go into the details of the questions he was asked by US officials but said American authorities had copied all data from his two mobile phones before letting him go. Rashid said he was allowed to go after Sherry Rehman took up his case. \"There was no reason for my being stopped. I have a new machine readable passport with all my details. They wanted my two phones,\" he said.He said it seemed as if the US authorities were upset by his statements, \"especially on the blockade of Nato supply routes, (last year's ) Nato air strike and the activities of the Defa-e-Pakistan Council\" .However, Rashid contended that these issues did not figure in his questioning.The Americans officials \"seemed to be aware of my political activities and other affairs\" , he said. He said he was not quizzed about his anti-US comments\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14494739", "title": "Jewellery shop looted in Dahod", "text": "VADODARA: Robbers targeted a jewellery showroom on Godhra Road in Dahod town in the early hours of Tuesday. The gang comprising at least three persons threatened security guard Ramesh Bhati at P Maneklal Soni and Company showroom at around 2 am with a country-made gun and beat him up.The gang then entered the showroom after breaking open its lock and fled with gold jewellery, gold and Rs 60,000 cash total worth Rs 16.09 lakh. The robbers took away Bhati's cellular phone, too, to ensure that he did not call up anybody for help.Bhati could inform police only after the gang fled. The robbery was recorded in the footage of the security cameras at the showroom. The footage shows the robbers armed with bows, arrows and swords. An offence regarding the robbery has been registered by Dahod police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14485136", "title": "Visiting STD booth? Carry your ID proof", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Now, carry your identity cards whenever you go to an STD booth.For, like cyber cafes, even STD booth owners will ask you to make an entry and produce your ID proof.The new rule for STD, PCOs has been enforced recently in the wake of criminals using public booths for carrying out their nefarious designs. Besides terror-related calls, the booths are also used for making hoax calls. Their owners have also been asked to install CCTV cameras with night vision and high resolution and preserve the footage for at least one month for police record. They will have to maintain a register of callers' identity, which will include details of their government-authorized identity card, address and cell phone number.Jyoti Rana of Sector 41-A, said, \"When I went to an STD booth to make a call, its owner asked me to make an entry and produce my ID proof.\" \"I am happy with the initiative, as I get many annoying calls from local booths,\" said Masoom Juneja of Sector 43.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14499927", "title": "CBI to close corruption case against ex-Prasar Bharti chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has decided to close the case of alleged fraud and criminal conspiracy against the then Prasar Bharti CEO BS Lalli in awarding broadcasting rights contract of Commonwealth Games which is claimed to have caused a loss of Rs 100 crore to exchequer.CBI sources said the allegations in the case could not be substantiated during its investigation and the agency may file a closure report before the competent court soon.Last year, the agency had filed a case against Lalli and managing director of Delhi-based Zoom Communications Wasim Dehlvi, who is also the resident director of UK-based SIS Live, under section 120-B and 420 of Indian Penal Code related to criminal conspiracy and fraud respectively.The allegations were refuted by Lalli and Dehlvi. The CBI had alleged that a major portion of Rs 246 crore contract given to UK-based SIS Live by Prasar Bharti for \"production and coverage\" of Commonwealth Games was sub-contracted to Zoom Communications for only Rs 176 crore resulting in loss of nearly Rs 100 crore to the exchequer.After an year-long investigation in the alleged scam, the CBI has come to conclusion that there were no major shortcomings in these issues.The sources said that investigations revealed that schedule of payments was never changed in favour of SIS Live by the Prasar Bharti.The CBI has alleged in its FIR that a number of conditions were relaxed in favour of the UK-based company SIS Live, including a provision pertaining to sub-contracting to Zoom Communications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14481765", "title": "Petition against LBT to be heard on Friday", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the Shiv Sena is dilly-dallying with the idea of filing a petition in the Bombay high court against the state government's decision to introduce local body tax (LBT) as a substitute for octroi in Nashik, a Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator Gulzar Kokani on Thursday went ahead filed a petition the HCin Mumbai High Court on Thursday.The hearing on the petition, which has been filed in the bench of the High Court judges Mrudula Bhatkar and S S Bobade, is scheduled on Friday.Kokani has filed a petition reportedly on the ground that the government did not make a public announcement pertaining to LBT and that the rates of LBT were also not declaredso far. Another ground is that the state government has decided to introduce LBT without publishing the gazette.According to sources, the gazettes on LBT and the rate charts were announced publicly one month prior to introduction of LBT in Solapur and Kolhapur municipal corporations. Moreover, the registration of traders, industrialists and other businessmen had were already been accomplished prior to introduction of LBT there. But the case is completely different in Nashik. The gazettes and the rate chart of LBT have still not been announced publiclyby the state government. Hence, NMC can get a stay over the decision of LBT. One of the municipal corporations had also got the stay over LBT on the same grounds.Meanwhile, the group leader of Shiv Sena Sudhakar Badgujar, who is already in Mumbai, could not file a petition in the HC as the paperwork was not completed by Thursday evening, but he is expected to file it a petition in the High Court, against the government's decision of introducing LBT in the limits of NMC, in a day or two.The state government has already issued a notification to introduce LBT in the limits of NMC from July 1. As the government had taken this decision without taking the civic body into confidence, members of the NMC in their general body meeting (GBM) of NMC had discussed and opposed the introduction of LBT and passed a resolution to continue with the existing octroi.Accordingly, NMC had submitted the resolution of GBM on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14493643", "title": "Srinivas Tophakhane passes away", "text": "HUBLI: Veteran Kannada writer and scholar Srinivas Tophakhane, who continued writing even after losing sight three decades ago, passed away in Hubli on Thursday. He was 87.Having good command over Kannada, Sanskrit, Marathi and English languages, Tophakhane had penned 13 books, a few of which were translations from Sanskrit and Marathi.Tophakhane was the president of the First Hubli Taluk Sahitya Sammelana held in Hubli in 2011 and had received the 'Kadava Shambhu Award' given to Sanskrit scholars. Prof. Tophakhane is survived by his wife Sarala and son Raghavendra Tophakhane, a dermatologist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14476925", "title": "Extended budget session from July 16", "text": "BANGALORE: Unmindful of the political turmoil, Sadananda Gowda put up a brave front and said the extended budget session will be held from July 16.JD(S) leader MC Nanaiah's indirect remarks that the government is shaky prompted the CM to reply. The government, which presented the budget in March, had taken vote-on-account for four months. Before August 1, the budget should be approved by the legislature.Before making the announcement in the legislative council on Thursday, the CM reiterated that he would continue as CM. At a programme organized by the labour department in the morning, Gowda said:QUOTEI don't know about any talk of leadership change. All I know is that I will continue (as CM) and complete the term.DV Sadananda Gowda | Chief minister", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14483476", "title": "Equal prize money: Yes! No! Whatever\u2026.", "text": "LONDON: That long-flogged debate on equal prize money is back in the spotlight. This time France's 13th seed at Wimbledon, Gilles Simon , who on Saturday was voted into the Player's Council of the ATP, sparked the controversy, telling a radio station that male players spent twice as much time on court than their women counterparts.\"'The equality in salaries isn't something that works in sport. Men's tennis is more attractive than women's tennis at the moment,\" he said, before criticising the move towards more joint-tournaments outside of the majors. He later told reporters : \"I'm not against mixed tournaments. When Rome became a joint tournament it was to save the women because I remember a final with 20 spectators.\"Stacey Allaster, chairman and chief executive of the WTA Tour, hit out at Gilles' comments. \"Tennis, including the Grand Slams, is aligned with modern, progressive society when it comes to the principle of equality,\" she said. \"I can't believe in this day and age that anyone can still think otherwise. This type of thinking is exactly why the WTA was founded and we will always fight for what's right.\"'We earn our money'Gorgeous Serb Ana Ivanovic , the 14th seed, who progressed into the Wimbledon second round with a hard-fought 6-3 , 3-6 , 6-3 win over Spain's Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez , said of the equal pay issue: \"It has been talked about before. We have different physiques. We earn our money, as well. I was two and a half hours out there (on court) today.\" Incidentally, Ivanovic's match was an hour longer than the time Roger Federer spent on court beating Italy's Fabio Fognini . Reigning US Open champion Samantha Stosur , who suffered a surprise loss to Holland's Arantxa Rus on Wednesday, said pay should be equal in the men's and women's Tours. \"For some reason it comes up every single year,\" the friendly Stosur said, \"Men think this, women think that, and then you've got people in between. I think it's a debate that's never going to finish. We deserve equal money. I think people watch us play because they want to watch us play. \" The 2007 Wimbledon runnerup Marion Bartoli dismissed Gilles' call, slamming his '20-spectators' count of a women's final , saying, \"The early rounds of men's matches do not attract many either.\"Whatever you believe, says artful RogerSix-time Wimbledon champion Roger Federer artfully side-stepped the prize-money debate, saying he hoped it wouldn't overshadow The Championships. \"I hope it doesn't become a big issue during Wimbledon,\" the 30-yearold Federer said.\"It's just a matter of who believes what. It is an endless debate. So whatever you believe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14484075", "title": "Tatkal tickets: Special Railway Protection Force teams to crack down on touts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days after TOI began a campaign highlighting the difficulties faced by passengers trying to book Tatkal tickets \u2014 touts crowding booking counters and online portals not being the least \u2014 the Railway Protection Force (RPF) has set up two special teams to crack down on the fraudsters.Given the summer rush , policing will be stepped up at stations \u2014 particularly ticketing offices \u2014 to swoop down on unauthorized vendors and ticket canvassers.\"The intensified checks by the Delhi division led to the arrest of 73 people involved in canvassing tickets, hotels and taxis in the three days since TOI highlighted the problem,\" said divisional railway manager (Delhi) Anurag Sachan.Sachan also admitted that CCTVs in the reservation complex had been made operational only since the reports were published. The DRM said he was personally monitoring the renewed checks and had conducted a surprise check at the IRCA reservation complex in Paharganj. \"During this check, the CCTV monitoring room on the second floor was made functional. To further improve monitoring through the CCTV network, I have ordered RPF staff to man the control room round the clock. I have also directed them to provide the CCTV camera feed to the local RPF inspector for continuous supervision of the ticket hall and other passengers interface areas of the IRCA complex,\" said Sachan.The Government Railway Police (GRP) has launched its own drive to take on the touts.The Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) too said its units were working overtime to tackle the menace and denied that touts posed a major problem to the online booking system. \"The media should not blow up a minor incident to portray as if everything was wrong. The supposed hacking incident of the IRCTC website is a figment of imagination and the police could find just 18 tickets procured in this manner...in a system that produces 3.5 lakh tickets a day. However, we have even taken this seriously and are working on ways so that no one can circumvent the system,'' said a top IRCTC official.The Delhi division of RPF had arrested 61 touts, 1,266 ticket canvassers and 144 unauthorized vendors from April to June this year. Of these, 16 touts and 413 ticket canvassers were apprehended from the New Delhi Railway Station and IRCA reservation complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14496936", "title": "Pravesh Lal to black tickets!", "text": "Pravesh Lal's blockbusters have made a go of the business of selling tickets in black outside the cinema halls and now you will see the superstar himself selling the tickets in black- on screen.Pravesh Lal Yadav is eassaying the role of a black ticketer in the movie Hero which hit the theatres in UP Bihar and Jharkhand today. Actress Shubhi Sharma is leading lady of Hero . Now only box office report will tell whether Pravesh's fans loved his performance and will they buy ticket in black to watch Pravesh's new avatar.- Prashant NishantSource: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14483142", "title": "Endowment funds for gold medals to be reviewed", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai University's management council on Thursday decided to set up a committee to review the practice of accepting endowment funds from donors to institute gold medals.The council on Thursday decided that colleges which need to institute a gold medal for their students should do so at their level itself and the university will not accept endowment funds on an institutional basis. This was decided after a college from Bhiwandi moved a proposal to the university asking them to institute an award for students from their college excelling in academics. Pro-vice-chancellor Naresh Chandra said, \"Gold medals at college level can be instituted by colleges themselves. Our committee will further review the policies on accepting endowment funds from donors for gold medals for students at university level. The committee will decide on the rules to be revised and those that can be continued.\"It was also decided that employees opting for voluntary retirement scheme for health reasons would be given a gold ring at the time of retirement. \"Such special cases will be reviewed by the management council and will then be considered for the gold,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14480437", "title": "For this Iraqi\u2019s war on cancer, Ahmedabad is the last front", "text": "AHMEDABAD: From strife-torn Iraq, Khalid Nasif and his wife Nyafa have travelled all the way to Gujarat in a desperate bid to save their daughter Amina. The 23-year-old has been struggling with Hodgkins lymph node cancer for the past three years. When the cancer developed to fourth stage, doctors in Iraq threw up their hands saying that nothing more could be done to save Amina.The youngster had already undergone four diffrent cycles of chemotherapy but the disease was not showing any signs of slowing down. There were nodes all over her body and a big node from her lung was already piercing into the chest wall. The parents were told to spend the days with Amina as happily as possible.But not willing to give up so easily, the Nasif couple kept consulting doctors all over Iraq in a bid to find a ray of hope. In one hospital they came across a woman whose son too suffered from end stage cancer but had miraculously survived after undergoing stem cell transplant in Ahmedabad. The mother gave them the contact details. The couple was ready to sell their house to finance their daughter's treatment. \"We decided to give the last shot to save our daughter and started consulting doctors in Apollo Hospital. We decided to sell our house but our friends and relatives pitched in to help raise funds,\" Khalid told TOI.Amina will undergo stem cell transplant on Friday. \" There is 30-40 per cent chance of her survival after the transplant which would have been zero otherwise,\" transplant surgeon at Apollo Hospital Dr Chirag Shah said.Amina, a biology student, is one of the four children of the Nasif couple. She has two sisters and a brother. Doctors said that she will have to stay in isolation for four weeks after the transplant where stem cells retrieved from her own body will be transplanted in her in hope of giving her a fresh lease of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "unnao", "code": "14482072", "title": "Solar energy project raises hopes for parched villagers in Unnao", "text": "UNNAO: Here is an apt example of government setting up infrastructure, which is eventually rendered as useless. Sample this: Khursat village, located around 30 kilometres from Unnao got an over head tank installed to provide water to the parched villagers some 20 years ago. However, the tank never got operational in the absence of power. Crores were spent on laying of water pipelines which, not surprisingly, never carried water.A rusted lock that hangs outside the water pumping room in this village is suggestive of the fact that the pump, which itself is shrouded in cob webs never started. The nearby over head tank stands tall symbolising poor implementation of government policies. And that too while providing basic necessity as water.Residents of the Muslim dominated village claim that not a single drop of water was received from the facility. \"I do not know why this was constructed in the first place,\" said Saifuddin, a villager. Ask a villager as to when did he receive power and he would gawkily look at you. \"I think we got the power one day for four hours last year. Ever since, there have been only power cuts,\" said Mohammad Shareef of Mohammad Kheda village, housing a population of near 700.However, the picture is all set to change, as New Energy Development Authority (Neda), in association with a private partner, has installed a solar powered water pump to feed another water tank. It was only two weeks ago that this water pump, acclaimed as one of India's biggest solar powered water pump, started feeding an over head tank having a capacity of around 2 lakh litres. Like the one in Khursat, this over head tank too was constructed by UP Jal Nigam some four years ago under the rural water supply scheme. But that remained non-functional in the absence of power.It was on May 25 that Neda roped in a private agency to install a solar panel that provides between 700 to 1200 Kw of power to drive the 15 HP motor. \"The initial capital cost may be high, but that is recovered swiftly within years,\" said Tarun Singh, the chief executive officer of the private company associated with the project. \"There has to be some solution to the ever rising power crisis in the state. What other than the solar energy . The pump would work throughout the day and will continue to fill the over head tank. It automatically shuts down in the night, when there is no sun,\" Singh said.Of late, the Akhilesh Yadav government has been showing keen interest in use of solar power. The facility in Khursat is expected to serve some 26 villages around, each with two main links. But that too hardly serves the purpose as the pipe lines have developed leakages. \"We are not able to open the water from the pump into the main line as the pipe lines are badly damaged,\" said the pump operator.Jal nigam officials said that it was not only the lack of enough power supply or the poor conditions of the water pipe lines that causes the crisis in the locality. \"There have been incidents of thefts of wires and pipe line as well,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14479107", "title": "Raksha varsity not on gauchar land", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two days before the arrival of Arvind Kejriwal, a core member of team Anna, the state government has clarified that the land on which Raksha Shakti University is coming up in Lavad village in Dehgam, is not a gauchar land.Kejriwal is expected to come to the state on Saturday afternoon to support the farmers who are protesting against the move. He is likely to address a meeting in Lavad village on Saturday evening and lead a rally from Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar to the village.\"Recently, some people have raised the issue related to gauchar land allotted to Raksha Shakti University. The land allotted to the university is purely a government land,\" a state government release said.It clarified that it was the Gandhinagar collector who had transferred the government land to the university. \"The land transferred to the home department for the university is a government land since 1976,\" the release said.For the past one month, the villagers are protesting against the establishment of the university. They want to know where their cattle, over 4,500 heads, will graze. Several other questions too have forced the farmers to lead an agitation against the state government's decision to allot 235 acres of land for Raksha Shakti University.Moreover, over 200 BPL families also depend on the area, where the university is coming up, for fuel to cook their food. These people, who are on the government's below poverty line (BPL) list, collect wood from the area, says village sarpanch Usha Chavan.She said that the gram panchayat has passed a resolution, unanimously opposing the setting up of the university. \"If the government wants the university let it take the same to some other village,\" she says.She further said that the further programme against the university will be announced in the meeting on Saturday she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14492499", "title": "Fifth day of strike in Kashmir Valley", "text": "SRINAGAR: Life across Kashmir Valley remained disrupted for the fifth day on Friday due to a strike called by Grand Mufti of the state over gutting of the 200-year-old Dastageer Sahib shrine even as restrictions continued on movement of people in the old city.In view of the proposed march to the gutted shrine on Friday, government has placed the Grand Mufti Bashiruddin Ahmad, his deputy Mufti nasir-ul Islam and the entire separatist leadership under house arrest.\"The Grand Mufti and other members of the state muslim Personal Law Board have been placed under house arrest. We condemn this action of the government,\" Islam, who is also a member of the board, said.Police sources said top separatist leaders, including chairmen of both factions of the Hurriyat Conference, have also been placed under house arrest as a precautionary measure to maintain law and order in the Valley.The Grand Mufti had called for a march to the Dastageer Sahib Shrine, which was gutted in a fire incident on Monday. He had also called for a two-day strike, which will end on Friday.Schools, colleges, offices, shops and other commercial establishments remained closed due to the strike.Public transport was off the roads in most parts of the Valley but some private vehicles could be seen on roads.Attendance in government offices was also thin. As a preventive measure to maintain law and order, Srinagar district magistrate Baseer Ahmad Khan has ordered imposition of restrictions on movement of people and transport in six police station areas of the old city.The police station areas where curfew-like restrictions have been imposed include Khanyar, Maharaj Gunj, Rainawari, Nowhatta, Safakadal and Kralkhud.While clashes erupted on Monday between protestors and police after the shrine was gutted in a fire, the Valley observed a shutdown on Tuesday on a call given by separatist groups. A spontaneous bandh was observed on Thursday.The state government has ordered a probe into the fire incident and announced that the shrine will be reconstructed.Additional policemen and CRPF personnel have been deployed in the old city and other vulnerable areas of the city like Maisuma to maintain law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14490469", "title": "Odisha matric results: Nearly 70 per cent students clear board exam", "text": "CUTTACK: A little over 70 per cent regular students in Odiya medium schools cleared the annual High School Certificate (HSC) examinations in Odisha this year, the results of which were declared on Thursday by the state Board of Secondary Education (BSE) here.As usual, the pass percentage in ex-regular category was much lower pegged at 46 per cent. Similarly, 38.23 per cent students passed in regular correspondence course and 31.79 per cent students made it in ex-regular correspondence course, pegging the overall pass percentage at 67.90.Dibyanshu Kar of Oupada High School in Balasore district has topped this year's examination securing 588 marks (97 percent) from a possible 600 marks. Ankit Mohapatra of Boudh Saraswati Sishu Mandir has stood second securing 583 marks while Sthitaprajna Nath Sharma of Ravenshaw Collegiate has stood obtaining 582 marks.Continuing their supremacy in matriculation results, the private schools run by Sikhya Vikash Samiti namely Saraswati Vidyamandirs have once again shown their dominance this year as 47 students of these schools have cemented their positions in the top-hundred list comprising 110 students.Unlike most other examinations, the boys in HSC examinations are consistently doing better than girl students. While 73.17 percent boys passed the examination in regular stream, pass percentage among girls was around 68.55. The same pattern was also seen in other streams as well.A total of 445814 students wrote their papers in the regular stream of which results of 438184 were published. While 67235 students passed in first division, 91190 students made it in second division and 151555 students passed in third division.According to BSE president Satyakam Mishra, results of 1099 students are kept withheld for various reasons and at least 9939 students were booked for resorting in malpractices during the examinations held in March-April this year.District-wise analysis of results reveal that some tribal districts have done remarkably well this year while Nuapada among them stole the limelight by securing the top rank among all districts. A record 81.87 per cent of students here have passed the examination while the strife-torn districts of Gajapati and Nawarangpur continued to perform miserably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14491633", "title": "City unsafe for girls, feel Indoreans", "text": "INDORE: A day after the lawyers beat up the accused in the rape and murder of a three-year-old girl Shivani, hundreds of Indoreans protested at various places in the city. The agitated citizens demanded strict action against the three culprits accused of raping and murdering the three-year-old. The accused Jeetu Bagwan, Sunny and Babu Ketan are in police custody.\"City has grown manifolds and has developed into an educational hub. Students coming from various parts of the country have by and large changed the city atmosphere,\" says Tapan Bhattacharya, a social activist, adding public, and not politicians should have their say on the important matters related to the day-to-day city affairs.DAVV students' union president Varsha Sharma is concerned over the growing 'sexual abuse' related issues in the city. She blamed the outside students for increase in crime.City-based psychologist Sunita Gupte calls for bridging the psychological gap between parents and students.\"Crime rate is increasing because of the growing communication gap between parents and children,\" says Sunita adding that now-a-days the parents are not even aware of what their children are doing and with whom they are hanging out.Children face a constant pressure from their peer groups which leads them towards indulgence into drugs and alcohol abuse. \"Moral education for students at school does not help at all. Parents have to take steps in inculcating values in their children,\" said Sunita.Social worker Anand Mohan Mathur feels that lack of social management and financial crisis are the main reasons behind increase in crime, especially against women.\"Police should take serious steps against the murder of the three-year-old girl,\" he says.SSP A Sai Manohar also admitted that there has been a rise in sexual abuse cases. He attributed it to urbanization, materialism and illiteracy.Student Priyanka Bhende says the people in the city have gone crazy. \"It is no more safe for us to travel alone. We feel insecure.\"\"Those who raped the three-year-old girl must be severely punished,\" says Shraddha Nyati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14481159", "title": "HC asks police to lay off Ruby", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP high court on Thursday asked Hyderabad police to restrain from interfering in the telecasting of Ruby channel. The court was hearing a petition filed by the channel against Hyderabad police.Ruby channel reportedly relayed a film featuring Prophet Yousuf which raised objections from the viewers. Irked, a huge crowd gathered near the channel's office in Mir Alam Mandi on Monday night and pelted stones. The Mirchowk police registered a case under Section 295A IPC (deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings) against the channel and arrested one of the editorial staff. The channel then moved high court.The counsel for the channel told Justice KC Bhanu that the channel had not violated any provisions of the cable TV Act and hence police action against it was unwarranted and illegal. The court passed an interim order stating that the police cannot interfere in the telecasting affairs of the channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14482994", "title": "Preliminary report blames driver for MTC bus mishap", "text": "CHENNAI: Much traffic has passed under the Gemini flyover since Wednesday's MTC bus accident that left 40 people injured, and preliminary investigations point to driver's error.Though officials are yet to spell out the cause of the accident, they confirmed that the driver's seat was intact, contrary to his telling the police on Wednesday that the seat collapsed, making him lose balance.MTC officials have recorded eyewitness accounts that said driver D Prasad (48) was talking on his mobile phone while negotiating the curve. The bus had plunged down a curving arm of the 40-year-old flyover after breaking its four-foot concrete parapet at 1.40pm.Police arrested bus driver Prasad on charges of negligent driving, but let him off as the sections were bailable. Braving protests from the unions, MTC recorded more evidence that pointed to driver's error. Officials who inspected the vehicle at the Pondy Bazaar traffic police station said the bus was in good condition and the theory of the driver's seat breaking was unfounded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14482758", "title": "Ground water level declining, contamination rising in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you are having to dig deeper every year for your water pump to get water, here's why. Punjab irrigation minister, J S Sekhon, admitted on the floor of the house in Punjab Vidhan Sabha on Wednesday that ground water is continuously declining in 85% areas of the state. Worse, nitrate presence in water has gone up by 10 times in the past four decades.With a team of scientists from Bhabha Atomic Research Centre scheduled to visit the state on July 11 to study contamination levels of about 8,000 tubewells in the state, a first time MLA, S R Kler, has calculated how rapidly the presence of deadly nitrates in water have been increasing. Speaking in Vidhan Sabha, Kler said, \"The quality of water in 1972 was such that it had 0.5 mg/litre of nitrate. As of now, it has increased to 5 mg/litre. And going by the excessive use of insecticides and pesticides by our farmers, it is expected to reach 10 mg/litre in the next 20 years.\"Kler, who was the only bureaucrat in fray to get elected in the assembly elections, told TOI, \"This means that water in Punjab will cease to be potable for humans and animals in the next 20-25 years. Presence of nitrate up to 10 mg/litre renders it unfit for drinking. Also, the government can save Rs 1,000 crore by checking excessive use of pesticides and insecticides by farmers.TOI has been highlighting how high levels of arsenic, nitrates and heavy metals in water are causing severe health problems across Punjab. Earlier, a news report, based on a PGI study that chemical contamination of water is leading to mutation of genes, was turned into a PIL on a suo motu cognizance by the Punjab and Haryana high court, where it is still being pursued.Medical experts say that high nitrate levels in water can cause methemoglobinemia. Methemoglobin does not carry oxygen efficiently and this results in a reduced oxygen supply to vital tissues such as the brain. High nitrate levels are being investigated for causing cancer as well.Leader of Opposition, Sunil Jakhar, speaking in the House on Wednesday, said, \"The state should make a comprehensive policy rather than deal with the issue in a disjointed manner as is being done now. Much of the confusion is caused because departments like soil conservation, irrigation, electricity and agriculture are trying to address the matter without any cohesion.\"Replying to a question by Congress MLA Sunder Sham Arora, chief minister P S Badal said, \"A two-member committee of scientists is coming from New Delhi to study the issue.\"What has caused concern is that the National Geophysical Research Institute has found that due to over-exploitation, ground water levels are going down by 60 cm every year. Punjab has, in less than 30 years, used up ground water reserves built up over the last 105 years. In order to reach the water table, farmers are forced to dig deeper into the ground and use more power to pump out water. Even residents in cities using hand pump water are having to dig deeper, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14477145", "title": "'Pay and park' scheme returns from July", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is all set to start 'pay and park' facilities at two different places from first week of July.Confirming the development, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare said that the pay and park will be introduced at Link Road (Sadar) and beneath Shahid Gowari Flyover on Wardha road.He pointed out that most of the roads in the city are wide enough for smooth parking of both four and two wheelers. However, due to haphazard parking, most of the roads have become congested, said Kumbhare.Under the pay and park, two-wheeler rider will have to shell out Rs 5 for every eight hours, while for four-wheeler owners the cost will be Rs 10.At present, there is no on-street parking and only a few off-street parking places in areas like Cotton Market and Netaji Market. Many private commercial complexes have valet parking facilities but they basically park cars on the street itself.Briefing about Wardha Road pay and park, executive engineer (traffic) Nasir Khan said two-wheelers will be allowed to park from Janata Chowk to Panchsheel Square, while four-wheelers can be parked on east side of the road (Panchsheel square to Janata Chowk). However, west side of the road will be no parking zone, he said.Similar scheme will also be introduced on Sadar's Link road - from Gaddigodam chowk to Sadar Residency Road. \"Left side of the road will be reserved for parking of two-wheelers and bicycles, while right side of the patch will be earmarked for four-wheeler parking,\" said Khan.\"By introducing pay and park at these two places, NMC will generate a revenue of Rs 22.41 lakh per annum from private contractors,\" said Khan. Besides, NMC will soon invite similar tenders for pay and park schemes to be implemented on Sitabuldi main road (only for two-wheelers on either side of the road) and on the road from Anjuman Complex to Mangalwari complex, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14482653", "title": "MTC scrambles for cover, blames driver", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after a Metropolitan Transport Corporation bus with 40 people fell from Anna Flyover on Wednesday, the utility appeared to be under tremendous pressure to prove that it was not at fault.There were no fatalities in the mishap and most of the passengers and bus crew fortuitously escaped with minor injuries, but the accident got the attention of chief minister J Jayalalithaa. With every accident, the corporation is put under the scanner, MTC officials said on Thursday.While passengers are unanimous in condemning MTC buses because they are poorly maintained, in the aftermath of accidents officials routinely claim the vehicles are in top condition. \"It is usually the driver who is blamed. The corporation does not want to take responsibility,\" said V S Suresh, an advocate who deals with road accidents.Drivers usually claim that mishaps are caused by brake failure, but the driver of the bus involved in Wednesday's mishap said his seat collapsed, causing him to inadvertently floor the accelerator. A few hours after the incident, a team of MTC officials said it had inspected the bus and declared it was in perfect condition.As MTC pointed to negligence, police on Thursday arrested the driver, D Prasad and charged him with negligent driving. He was later released on bail. MTC officials also recorded eyewitnesses claiming that the driver was talking on his cellphone while taking the turn off the flyover when the mishap occurred.The corporation's decision to pin blame on the driver drew protests from MTC employees. Drivers and conductors of various employee unions staged protests at the Vadapalani depot and in front of the MTC headquarters on Pallavan Salai.At the Vadapalani depot, around 100 drivers and conductors belonging to the DMK raised slogans against the management. \"Prasad has over 20 years of experience. Prasad drove on the 17M (from Broadway to Vadapalani) route for over 12 years,\" said Babu, a member of the union. \"After so many years of driving on the route, how could he misjudge the turn?\" he asked.State Transport Employee Union, affiliated to CITU, also criticised the MTC management and staged protests later in the day in front of the MTC headquarters. Union president A Soundararajan said there was a malicious campaign against the driver. \"The accident took place because the driver's seat collapsed,\" he said, censuring the corporation for failing to hire enough technical staff for maintenance.MTC managing director T P Rajendran was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14498353", "title": "Kushal aka Virat goes Bald in Ek Hazaron Main\u2026", "text": "We have often seen that actors go an extra mile to make their characters look real on their film and television shows.Be it Aamir Khan , Shabana Azmi , Antara Mali on the big screen or Karan V Grover on the small screen.All these actors have sacrificed their beautiful hair to play their role to the tee. Kushal Tandon aka Virat is the latest one to join the bandwagon Yes, you read it right. Kushal aka Virat of Star Plus' 'Ek Hazaron Main Meri Behna Hai' is all set go bald on the show. Here's an exclusive picture of Viraat's look on the show. Virat will take this step to support his love Maanvi (Niaa Sharma) who is suffering from Cancer and during the chemo therapy, she loses her hair. Virat, who is in love with Maanvi, will be hurt to see her feeling embarrassed about her bald appearance. That's why he will then decide to sacrifice his own hair to support her. Kushal (Virat) is shooting the sequence today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14484418", "title": "Pranab not fit to become President, says Jethmalani", "text": "HYDERABAD: On the day when the two main Presidential candidates filed their nominations, noted Supreme Court lawyer and BJP MP Ram Jethmalani said UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee was not qualified to contest for the job of President of India.Addressing the media here on Thursday Jethmalani, who was in Hyderabad to appear in a case in the AP high court on behalf of Jagamohan Reddy, said Pranab has a long list of actions that disqualify him from becoming an occupant of Rashtrapati Bhavan.\"Supporting the Emergency, not assisting the Shah Commission, favoring corporate groups, disinterest in seriously perusing the case of Hasan Ali, doing nothing to get the names of 'fiscal dacoits' from Swiss banks, refusing to disclose the government's correspondence with foreign banks and illegal incarceration of Gayatri Devi and Rajamata Vijaya Raje of Gwalior were the charges leveled by Jethmalani in an open letter to the UPA presidential nominee that he released to the media here on Thursday.Jethlmalani said he was backing the candidature of former speaker P A Sangma for the post. However, he hastened to add that he was not in Hyderabad as the agent of Sangma. According to the senior lawyer, Pranab's stints as the commerce and finance ministers were known for tailoring the policies to favor a particular corporate group.Referring to the Swiss bank accounts with black money, Jethmalani said Pranab did not do anything even though the Swiss government was ready to share the information pertaining to the account holders with any friendly country. \"The stolen amount stashed away abroad is estimated to be about US $1500 billion, an amount which will eliminate Indian poverty overnight,\" he said.Jethmalani was equally critical of Congress president Sonia Gandhi's refusal to disclose the contents of the IT returns filed by various people. \"She has been spending money on travels abroad for purposes unknown and occasionally making the excuse of medical treatment for ailment and hospitals undisclosed,\" he said.Given the record of misdeeds, Jethmalani said Pranab did not possess qualifications of any shape to become the President of India. \"Your occupying the august office will be disgrace to the republic of India,\" he said in the open letter written to Pranab. Naming Bankim Chandra Chatterjee, Swami Vivekananda, Chittaranjan Das and Sri Aurobindo as stalwarts from Bengal, the BJP MP said: \"You (Pranab), are a disgrace to each of these great men.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14478639", "title": "Official Gandhigiri for late coming teachers!", "text": "NAGPUR: A wise man once said when everything fails, innovate. That is exactly what state school education minister Rajendra Darda has decided to do with staff members of schools run by zilla parishad and civic bodies who arrive late for work. Darda has directed his district education department to hand over a rose to every staff member who arrives late.Speaking to TOI while on a visit to the city Darda said, \"There will be no slap on the wrists, no show cause notice and no verbal warning. Education officials will simply stand at the door of classrooms where staff members have not arrived. As soon as the teacher arrives, we will give them a rose in front of the entire class and leave the premises. I am confident the message will get across better compared to other means.\"Education officials will conduct these 'surprise checks' at five schools daily in their jurisdiction. Darda did not reveal the starting date for this campaign as he fears teachers will purposely come early to avoid being embarrassed. The minister, however, confirmed that once the campaign begins it will not last for more than one month, meaning not all schools will be covered but certainly the notorious ones could face flak.The 'Gandhigiri' campaign at ZP schools will be supervised by Someshwar Netam, education officer (primary), who believes it will not be a big challenge. \"In Nagpur district there are 1,580 schools run by the ZP and our minister has informed us today (Thursday) about it. We will start planning the details but of course keep the dates a secret,\" said Netam.There are 184 schools managed by Nagpur Municipal Corporation NMC), some of them are only till primary section while some till Std V. Apart from this, NMC manages 24 schools that are up to Std X.Some however feel that the government is out to defame schools run by local authorities and this is part of a 'bigger conspiracy'. MLC from teachers' constituency NG Ganar said, \"The government has already prepared a blueprint to completely shirk responsibility of providing primary education to citizens and hence they are defaming the system for a larger game plan.\"While Darda was not available to respond to Ganar's statement, the minister had supported quality education at these schools while speaking to TOI earlier. \"I, along with my elder brother Vijay, studied at a ZP school in Yavatmal. Hence, I know that quality education is available there. Yes there are black sheep among us, just like in private schools and we are in the process of sorting out the problems,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475391", "title": "3,344 non-SSC board students submit forms", "text": "PUNE: A total of 3,344 Std XI forms have been submitted by students from the non-SSC boards, including CBSE and ICSE, for admission through the centralized admission process (CAP) this year. The form submission process ended on Thursday with total 60,662 forms, inclusive of non-SSC boards, received as against an overall availability of 64,380 seats at the 159 junior colleges, which are part of the CAP, in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.The focus now shifts to the bifocal admissions for which the provisional list is to be released on July 1 and the final list on July 3. Admissions to the bifocal seats will be done by way of counseling-based table rounds i.e., students will be called for counseling sessions scheduled as per their merit list numbers and offered bifocal seats. Once the admission is confirmed to a bifocal seat, the student automatically has to forgo the application he/she may have submitted for any other stream such as science, commerce or arts.Rekha Palshikar, vice-principal of Fergusson College, which is the main coordinatring centre for CAP, said the merit list for the larger number of conventional arts, science and commerce stream is expected to be released on July 18. For now, all the data received through the admission forms will be fed into computers for effecting merit-based allotment of seats.Of the 60,662 applications, the science stream has drawn 26,025 forms, which is 6,390 more than the availability of 19,635 science seats. The CAP authorities have been facing similar situation of excess pleas for science stream for the past few years. However, admissions are guaranteed as the education department sanctions additional sections to junior colleges for accommodating the excess pleas. Some of the science stream applicants also opt for other avenues like diploma programmes or other streams.Commerce stream has drawn 22,721 seats, which is 3,759 less than the availability of 26,480 seats but, the highest deficit, as usual, is for the arts stream where only 2,549 forms have been submitted against the availability of 12,740 seats. The difference works out to 10,191 less applications.Bifocal stream has drawn 4,725 applications, which is less by 800 in numbers as against the availability of 5,525 seats.(Stream-wise position)Available Seats Forms Received DifferenceScience: 19,635 26,025 (+ 6,390)Commerce (English + Marathi): 26,480 22,721 (- 3,759)Arts (English + Marathi): 12,740 2,549 (- 10,191)Bifocal: 5,525 4,725 (- 800)Allowed-To-Keep-Term: 1,298Non-SSC boards: 3,344Total: 64,380 60,662 (- 3,718)(Source: Std XI CAP Committee)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14484819", "title": "UK cops send \u2018surrender notice\u2019 to Assange, Ecuador mission", "text": "LONDON: WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange was served with a \"surrender notice\" by Scotland Yard on Thursday, just days after he dramatically took refuge at the Ecuadorean embassy in London seeking political asylum to block his extradition to Sweden to face sexual assault charges.Earlier this month, 40-year-old Assange had lost his final bid to avoid his extradition to Sweden when Britain's supreme court dismissed his appeal to re-open the extradition case. Officers from the extradition unit delivered the note to both Assange and Ecuador's London embassy. The court had ruled that Assange should not be extradited until June 28, which lapsed on Thursday. The extradition notice said that Assaange is required to attend a police station \"at a time of our choosing\" .\"This is standard procedure in extradition cases and is the first step in the removal process. He remains in breach of his bail conditions and failure to surrender would be a further breach of those conditions and he is liable to arrest,\" a brief statement by the Scotland Yard was quoted by the BBC as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14494279", "title": "20 killed, 14 injured in China gas truck explosion", "text": "BEIJING: At least 20 people were killed and 14 others injured today in an explosion caused by a leak of an oil tank truck in south China's Guangdong province.The explosion, which sparked a massive fire, took place on an expressway in the provincial capital of Guangzhou around 5.15 am local time, a spokesman with the city's public security bureau said.He said 20 people were killed in the explosion. State-run Xinhua news agency reported that the 14 others who were injured in the incident have been hospitalised.The fire caused by the blast was brought under control around 8.30 am local time, according to firefighters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14477592", "title": "Training in school leadership", "text": "BANGALORE: Want to lead schools from good to great? Take part in the training programme -- Head LAMP (Heads' Leadership and Management Programme) -- on July 10 and 11, being organized by the Times Foundation in association with The Teacher Foundation.It is a comprehensive training programme for educators who wish to learn how to lead schools. The certified eight-day course in effective school leadership offered in four phases comprises -- head as principled leader, effective communicator, facilitator of learning, HR manager and inside-outside marketing.It will be held at St John's School, Promenade Road, from 9.30am to 4.30pm. Contact Lalitha Chacko: 9980113302; lalithachacko@teacherfoundation.org or Shwetha Harshwal: 9886636507; shwetha.harshwal@timesgroup.comHeadLAMP has been specially designed as a professional course that's both enjoyable and meaningful for school decision makers, principals and senior members of schools. It enhances the personal qualities of school leaders and equips them to foster nurturing relationships in schools, lead learning for overall student success, initiate and manage educational change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14481077", "title": "ISKCON temple at Patna to be completed by 2014", "text": "PATNA: The construction of Shri Shri Radha Banke Bihariji temple and spiritual centre, Patna, is expected to be completed by 2014. Spread over two acres of land, this temple is being constructed by the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) on Budh Marg here.\"The temple was supposed to have been constructed by the end of 2012 but because of drainage problems, the deadline had to be extended,\" said Nand Gopal Das, spokesperson, ISKCON, Patna. In April 2007, CM Nitish Kumar had laid the foundation stone of the temple.\"To be constructed at an estimated cost of Rs 51 crore, this temple premises will comprise mediation and spiritual centre, restaurant, medical consultancy centre, community kitchen, guesthouse and an auditorium besides the two-storey main structure,\" Krishna Kripadas, president, ISKCON, Patna region, told TOI. The contract for construction of the temple has been given to a Delhi-based architect, Uday Pandey, who had also designed the Geeta temple at Haridwar.The structure will have a central dome and three 'darbar' halls on the top floor where deities will be placed. At the main 'darbar', idols of Lord Krishna and Radha will be placed along with Lalita and Vishakha. The second 'darbar' hall would be for Lord Rama with Sita, Lakshman and Hanuman while the third 'darbar' hall will have idols of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and Nityanand Mahaprabhu. All the idols would be placed on a 24-carat gold plated throne.The contract for making the idols of the deities, each being around 3 feet, has been given to a Jaipur-based firm, 'Pandey Moorti'. The temple will also have 84 pillars decorated with pictures of Lord Krishna and Radha.The community kitchen on the second floor, called 'food for life', would provide food to poor and to the victims of natural calamity. The pure vegetarian restaurant, Govinda , will serve 56 food items at a reasonable price and it would be open for general public.The guesthouse would have 60 rooms, including both AC and non-AC rooms for members of ISKCON, while the auditorium would have the seating capacity of 1,500 persons. It would be given on rent for spiritual programmes. The temple will also have an ayurvedic research centre providing medical consultancy and treatment through ayurveda , homoeopathy and naturopathy.\"We are coming to Patna with an objective to extending a spiritual education to the residents here and to change the materialistic outlook of people towards life,\" said Mahavishnu Maharaj, regional secretary of ISKCON. \"The temple aims to launch a number of social schemes for the benefit of the not-so-privileged members of the society,\" he added.At present, around 8,500 Patnaites are members of ISKCON.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14481510", "title": "Bihar no longer crumbles under debt: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is no longer a state with heavy debt. Borrowing and loans are within limit, said chief minister Nitish Kumar on his return from Delhi on Thursday after getting the clearance of state's plan size of Rs 28,000 crore for 2012-13 as well as the promise for special assistance of Rs 20,000 from the Planning Commission.Replying to a query on the debt burden on Bihar, the CM said all the borrowings were to accelerate the development work and they were taken at the minimum rate of interest. \"We are not taking loans to pay salaries,\" he said, in a veiled reference to the previous regimes. \"Our borrowing from market is not high. But we also need central help for repayment of the loan which is being extended to other states,\" he said.The CM said the commission had been urged to maintain the special assistance in the 12th plan, too. It has approved the demand in principle under which the state would get Rs 4,000 crore per year for the next five years. \"This is necessary to carry forward the works that had been started,\" he said.The panel, he said, has given its green signal to the proposal which would be put before the Union Cabinet for its approval. \"During the discussion it was not mentioned how much assistance would be extended to Bihar,\" Nitish said. The state had been getting special assistance on the recommendation of a special cell created in the Planning Commission after the bifurcation of Bihar.About his demand for special category status to Bihar, the CM said with this privilege the state would touch the national average on most of the indices of development in the next 20 years. \"Out of the five parameters, we fulfil three. We don't have hilly regions but almost every year our northern parts are ravaged by floods,\" he said while demanding constitution of an expert committee to study the situation in Bihar and its eligibility to get special status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14480885", "title": "Probe ordered into firing", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Fishermen have been agitating for the last one and a half months when the NTPC management started works on laying a new pipeline as part of its Simhadri unit expansion at Parawada mandal. While the political parties lamented the district administration's failure to gauge the situation which led to the police firing at NTPC Simhadri, district collector Luv Agarwal has ordered an enquiry by the RDO into the incident.The collector said the RDO has been asked to file a report in 15 days on the circumstances that led to the violent incidents at the Simhadri plant. Meanwhile, political parties rapped the collector for not paying attention to the issue though fisherfolk have been agitating for the last five years.Left parties conducted a rasta roko at Jagadamba junction in the city and burnt the effigies of government to protest against the firing.tnn The leaders asked as to how the CISF jawans opened fire when the local police were present at the plant site.\"It is a total failure of the district administration to deal with the situation,\" said district CPM secretary Ch Narsinga Rao. He demanded a judicial inquiry into the incident and Rs 5 lakh ex-gratia for the injured fishermen, besides a permanent solution for the affected villages.The villagers reportedly boycotted a meeting organized by the NTPC management three days ago when it wanted to discuss about roads, lighting and drinking water facilities. \"Nothing has been done despite the fishermen protesting against the plant for the last seven months,\" TDP former minister Bandaru Satyanarayana Murthy lamented.CPI district secretary J Satyanarayana Murthy asked the government to first address the issue of livelihood of the affected villagers. Local ruling party MLA Panchakarla Ramesh Babu said he would discuss the matter with the NTPC and district authorities on finding a lasting solution to the fishermen's problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "dhanbad/deogarh", "code": "14497513", "title": "Deogarh land scam: CBI raids 52 places in Jharkhand, Bihar", "text": "DHANBAD/DEOGARH: The CBI on Friday conducted simultaneous raids at 52 places in Jharkhand and Bihar in connection with the approximately Rs 1,000 crore land scam detected in Deogarh last year, sources in the investigating agency said.The raids were being carried out in Patna and in Jharkhand's Dhanbad, Dumka, Sahibganj, Latehar and Deogarh in the premises of former and current officials, who have been posted in Jharkhand's Deogarh district registry and circle offices, besides middle men, the sources said.The CBI took over the investigations after initial probe by the Jharkhand vigilance bureau.The vigilance bureau had been entrusted with the investigation last year on a report by the then Deogarh deputy commissioner that 826 acre land was sold using fraud papers worth approximately Rs 1,000 crore in Madhupur, Mohanpur and Deogarh areas in Deoghar district, the sources said.The entire land was protected under Santhal Pargana Tenancy Act, which protects tribal land, and was marked as non-saleable.Days before the vigilance probe, crucial papers stored in the control room at the district treasury office were gutted in a fire, the sources said.The vigilance bureau had arrested three persons soon after the detection of the scam last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14482696", "title": "Mumbai schools lag behind rest of state in implementing RTE", "text": "MUMBAI: Implementation of the 25% reservation clause under the Right to Education Act for students from economically and socially backward classes of the society is taking more time than proposed by the education department. Officials at the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan (SSA) told TOI that the problem lies in the attitude of schools and schools in other parts of the state are more willing to implement the rule than in Mumbai.\"Private schools in Mumbai are still not taking proper initiatives to adopt this feature in its true sense. In cities like Nagpur, schools asked for an extension till June 30 as they received many applications and are opting for the lottery system to pick students,\" said Sanjay Deshmukh, director of SSA. He added that most schools in Mumbai are not even entertaining students on the grounds that they finished their admission process in March. SSA has now extended the deadline to June 30 for admissions under the RTE quota.On Wednesday, education inspectors from across the city reported to SSA that only 100 students got seats under RTE in private schools this year. \"It is very minuscule considering the number of schools in the city. But, the aim is to have everything in place by the next academic year so that neither schools nor parents face any problems,\" said a senior education official from Mantralaya. \"We have also heard of many schools not admitting students under the pretext of being a minority institute. They will have to submit documents to prove their minority status,\" he added.The state government along with the SSA plans ads to reach out to the masses. \"Next year, more people will come forward for admissions. Schools will then have no option but to admit students based on a lottery,\" added Deshmukh.Few schools in the city who received applications from students under the RTE quota have admitted them. At Bhavan's AH Wadia High School in Andheri, the authorities received 39 applications and finally picked 20 students through a lottery last week. Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan in Goregaon (W) admitted five students on June 27 under the quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14474984", "title": "Yorke sees bright future for India", "text": "MUMBAI: In the city to announce the launch of the Airtel Rising Stars soccer program (under-16) which will give 12 talented youngsters from India, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh the chance to train at the Manchester United Academy, former club legend Dwight Yorke said it was only a matter of time before India made its presence felt on the football scene in Asia.The soccer programme will travel to 16 cities and will reach out to an average of 800 talented footballers. The Mumbai leg will be held on August 4 and 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14497902", "title": "Eva Longoria and Eduardo Cruz call it quits again", "text": "Eva Longoria and Eduardo Cruz have split after an on-off relationship, which lasted 16 months, a representative has confirmed.It comes just weeks after the pair enjoyed a romantic holiday in Seville, Spain, the Daily Mail reported.The former Desperate Housewives actress began dating Penelope Cruz's brother after splitting with her husband Tony Parker .hey split in March but reunited later on in the spring.\"It was a mutual decision. They are staying friends. She's focusing on work and the end of Desperate Housewives,\" a source had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14481963", "title": "Officials identify weak areas, threat around govt buildings", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 22-hour additional police bandobast (arrangement) in and around Vidhan Bhawan, Annexe and Bapu Bhawan in view of the threat perception has left several loopholes to be plugged in.After the whole exercise, senior police officials found a need for a bunker arrangement to give protection to the cops deployed at vital points in case of a terror attack. Similarly, the need for mobile bunkers was also felt by the senior police officials, who along with other top level officials are set to review the arrangements in case of exigency.Efforts would also be made to ensure that employees of Bapu Bhawan, Secretariat and Annexe have proper identity card, which in case of exigency can be verified without wasting much time.Similarly, at Annexe, it was detected by the police officials that even though there was a system of card swapping in place, there is no system to check whether the person who is swapping the entry pass is the one who has been actually issued the same or not. This again calls for biometric identity card.Besides, keeping in mind the strength of employees at Bapu Bhawan, senior police officials are planning to hold a meeting with department officials at of the bhawan specifically to nominate three to four persons as floor incharge. The floor incharges' service would be taken in case of any exigency. It will be the duty of the floor incharges to either facilitate vacating the building or to stop employees from going out during the time of any exigency.At the security forces level, a proposal could be mooted to provide walkie-talkie or similar equipment to the local intelligence unit employees, who are on field duty. In total, 40 LIU employees are on field duty at various spots to keep a watch on any suspicious movement. \"Communication among the LIU officials is a must and mobile phones don't help them at the time of exigency,\" a senior police official said.Similarly, another major problem that was noticed during the route diversion was that no alternate arrangement has been there in around the prominent government establishments. A proposal to develop alternate route would also be made and discussed with officials during the review meeting, an official told TOI. In the same way, a mechanism to develop fire hydrant system installed at various establishments should be made.The security officials were also found short of hand-held metal detectors at barriers put up to restrict movement of common man and segregate those who could be allowed and those shouldn't be.Last but not the least, the mindset of the cops on duty has to be changed. Citing reason for the need for same, a senior police official monitoring the deployment said that from Wednesday afternoon, it was seen that cops who were otherwise asked to stand at a 5 feet distance from each other at strategic point were seen forming a group and gossiping.A senior official who refused to be named said that all these proposals and shortcomings would be discussed at a review meeting which will be held in near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14477895", "title": "Ad agency blames Municipal Corporation Gurgaon for allotting disputed site", "text": "GURGAON: The MCG appears to be embroiled in yet another controversy about the way it handles outdoor advertisements.An advertisement agency has alleged that the corporation allotted it a site despite being aware that the site was under dispute and a court case is on. A probe ordered by the chief minister against the chief engineer regarding outdoor advertisement policy is already on, and the deputy commissioner is expected to submit the probe report in the coming days.According to the advertisement agency, the municipal corporation had given it the site for a period of one year. \"We were allotted rights at three sites in various parts of the city to display advertisements and we paid the MCG around Rs 6 lakh for this site in Udyog Vihar. However, when we went to put our advertisement, the owner did not let us do so saying that the place was under litigation. Even as we took the matter with the corporation officials, we got to know that the MCG has awarded the same site to another advertisement agency without our knowledge,\" said an official.The municipal commissioner though has said that he was not aware of the issue. \"I am not aware of the matter, the chief engineer might know about it,\" said Sudhir Rajpal, MCG commissioner. Despite repeated attempts, the chief engineer could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14484341", "title": "Unsolved crime files piling up", "text": "JAIPUR: As poor police work has resulted in the rise of city crime graph over the recent past, the number of unsolved criminal cases is also piling up. Police are yet to crack Tuesday's murder case in which a 50-year old businessman was beaten to death. They have also not been able to arrest anyone in the robbery attempt on Monday evening in which a 29-year man was stabbed by robbers.Two days after 50-year-old businessman Vinod Jain was allegedly beaten to death by some neighbours who entered into a brawl over parking issue at Aadarsh Nagar locality, the city police included the accused men's name in the FIR on Thursday. However, they are yet to be arrested.It may be recalled that Jain entered into a brawl with his neighbour Gyanchand Agarwal over the issue of parking on Tuesday night. Jain had a showroom at Govind Marg in Saket Nagar. He was miffed with the relatives of Agarwal who had parked their vehicles in front of his showroom. The confrontation took an ugly turn and nearly 15 assailants from Agarwal's side thrashed Jain who was later declared brought dead in SMS hospital.\"It is being ascertained whether Jain suffered a heartattack after he was beaten up. The postmortem report has not come up with any serious injury on his body,\" a senior police officer said.The police have also not been able to crack the case of stabbing incident of a 29-year-old man by robbers who attempted to snatch a bag containing precious gemstones at Ramganj area in the city on Monday night. The robbery bid was foiled with the help of locals and police deployed in the market. However, the victim was admitted to SMS hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14476551", "title": "Make stand on Ram Sena clear, CM told", "text": "MARGAO: Refusing to let the row over the entry of Shri Ram Sena die down, Fatorda block Congress panel has demanded that chief minister Manohar Parrikar make his stand clear given that the people of Goa elected eight minority community MLAs.\"The eight MLAs should also make their stand clear if they support a ban on the entry of Ram Sena chief Pramod Mutalik as demanded by the Congress MLAs, NGOs, youth and different sections of society from Goa,\" said Fatorda block Congress general secretary Nooran Shaikh in a statement issued on Thursday.Shaikh further hit out at NRI affairs commissioner Wilfred Mesquita for having insinuated that 'many Congressmen will be in jail once the Lokayukta starts functioning' at a public function.\"Mesquita should not forget that Lokayukta is an independent body and is not run by the state government,\" said Shaikh. \"In spite of the BJP having its own government in Karnataka, the former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa was indicted by the Lokayukta in the mining scam,\" added Shaikh.The Fatorda block Congress further dared the BJP government to 'put the allegedly corrupt MLAs behind bars if they have evidence as there is no need to wait for the Lokayukta to come in that case.' tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14479246", "title": "Fled from Mumbai, found on Relief Road", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Kalupur police found a 16-year-old boy who had fled from his residence on Wednesday. Parents of the boy came to Ahmedabad on Wednesday and took him back. Investigators said that the boy did not want to study and hence bunked his tuition classes and took a train.According to Kalupur police officials, a patrolling team on Wednesday night found a boy with his backpack roaming around on Relief Road late in the night. Policemen stopped the boy and questioned him. They got to know that he was from Mumbai.\"The boy was identified as Vishal Mistry, 16, a resident of Borivali (E), Mumbai. He told us that he had flunked in class X exams and was again taking classes for it. On Wednesday, instead of going for his tuitions, he went to Borivali railway station and took the first train available. The train was Ahmedabad-bound and stopped at Kalupur where Mistry got down and started roaming on the streets,\" said RC Chaudhary, inspector of Kalupur police station. The policemen kept him at the station and provided him food.On Thursday morning, his parents came to the city. Chaudhary said that they were astonished when they got to know that Vishal had reached to Ahmedabad.They were very worried and had informed the local police station about his disappearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "14481267", "title": "A tearful family reunion for Surjeet Singh", "text": "ATTARI: It was an emotional homecoming for Surjeet Singh, arrested and jailed in Pakistan for 30 years on charges of spying, as he crossed the Wagah-Attari border for a tearful reunion with his family on Thursday. Sporting a black turban and a white kurta-pyjama, Surjeet, 69, claimed he was sent to Pakistan for spying by the intelligence agency, Research &amp; Analysis Wing, and that he'd never cross the border again.Although a free man the moment he left jail, Surjeet was in handcuffs, with an iron chain attached to the belt of a Pakistani officer as he got down from the prison van. As he alighted with a deliberate slowness, the accompanying Pakistani policemen who got down with him did not open the handcuffs.\"I have stepped on my soil after 30 years. I am so happy,\" said Surjeet after he crossed over, his white beard flowing freely in the wind. Surjeet was arrested in 1982 on charges of spying and sentenced to death by the commanding officer of the 106 Brigade Headquarter, Lahore . Surjeet had then submitted a mercy petition before Pakistan's chief of army staff but it was rejected.In December 1988, then Pakistan president Ghulam Ishaq Khan commuted his death sentence to life imprisonment following announcement of a general amnesty.Surjeet's daughter Parminder Kaur and son Kulwinder Singh introduced themselves to their father with their nicknames saying, \"Papa, I am Pinder and he is Titu.\" Tears rolled their cheeks and Surjeet hugged them showering them with blessings. Parminder was 12 years' old and Kulwinder only two when their father vanished from their lives.Apart from Surjeet's family members, a large number of his friends and residents of village Fiddae in Ferozepur had arrived to receive him. Advisor to Pakistan Prime Minister on Interior Affairs, Rehman Malik , had a basket of sweets sent along with him in goodwill.Parminder said she hardly remembered her father's face. \"Life's been very difficult without him. Now at least there's a solace that he is with us,\" she said. Surjeet's wife Harbans Kaur said one of her sons, Jaswinder Singh, had died, but the family never told Surjeet about it. She said she did small, odd jobs and took the help of her relatives to bring up their children.\"May be there is some good time ahead. I will cook Surjeet's favourite moong ki dal,\" she said. She said she had come to know that her husband had gone to Pakistan for five days after he went missing.\"Then we received a letter from Pakistan saying he had been sentenced to death. It was most shocking. We were all shattered,\" she said.Surjeet and his family left for the Golden Temple from Attari to pay their obeisance to the Gurus for his freedom.Surjeet's wife not allowed to meet him at AttariA nearly three-hour wait turned agonizing for Harbans Kaur as both customs and district administration officials didn't allow her to meet her husband Surjeet Singh on his arrival on Thursday at the Attari border. The officials first asked Surjeet's wife and other relatives to wait inside the customs, but when Surjeet was brought in after clearance, the district administration officials chose to have photo ops with Surjeet instead of taking him to meet with his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14476406", "title": "Top officials seek finalization of seniority", "text": "PANAJI: The director of mines and geology, Prasanna Acharya , and three other senior officials have approached the court of ombudsman (CoB) seeking finalization of inter-se seniority among the direct recruits of junior scale of Goa civil service. The plea is filed before the CoB following a high court order.Apart from the state government, joint secretary (GA) Gurudas Pilarnekar and general manager (DIC) Meghanath Porob are respondents in the application filed before the CoB.The applicants have alleged that seniority lists prepared on June 20, 2006, and August 24, 2011, are illegal as they were prepared in breach of the Goa Seniority Rules, 1967, and Goa Civil service Rules, 1997.Inter-se seniority among direct recruits is to be determined by the order of merit in which the candidates are selected for appointment on the recommendation of the public service commission, the applicants have stated. It has been pointed out that the government has ignored the merit position at the time of initial selection, which is the basis for inter-se seniority among the direct recruits.In his reply to the application, Pilarnekar has stated that the applicants are not entitled to claim seniority above him as they were appointed directly out of turn without following the procedure. He has submitted that he was selected by selection committee and appointed in service on April 11, 2003.Pilarnekar pointed out that the applicants were appointed by orders issued in July and August 2003. The applicants were not even selected when he was appointed in April 2003, Pilarnekar has stated.\"The applicants were not in the select list prepared by the selection committee on January 31, 2003. There was no waiting list or reserve list prepared by the committee,\" the respondent officer has stated.While alleging that the applicants were given backdoor entry into the junior scale posts of Goa civil service in violation of the Constitution of India, Pilarnekar has stated that the Goa public service commission recommended their names to the government which was not prepared by the selection committee. As per the office memorandum issued by the department of personnel and training, the seniority is to be determined by order of merit at the time of initial appointment, Pilarnekar has stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "director", "code": "14497864", "title": "Superman of Malegaon: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Faiza Ahmad Khan Cast: Sheikh Nasir, Shaikh Shafique Genre: DocumentaryMalegaon is a town just around 290 kms from the Bollywood capital, Mumbai. Like any other Indian city, it has its share of cinema enthusiasts. But what makes the town unique is its very own micro moviemaking industry, christened as Mollywood.A local videographer and a hardcore movie-buff, out of his sheer film fascination, attempts making small-budget spoof videos on Bollywood blockbusters like Sholay and Shaan . And when he finds a loyal audience in the locality frequenting his video parlour for these parodies, he plans to take the legacy forward with another spoof on the global superhero - Superman. Thereby Malegaon gets its own superhero with another takeoff titled ' Malegaon Ka Superman '. And ' Superman of Malegaon ' is a documentary film that encapsulates the making of ' Malegaon Ka Superman '.Making of movies are a common phenomena today, employed as additional feature on movie DVDs or promotional tools for movie-marketing. More often than not these making videos gain audience when the film's a success. Ironically the documentary film ' Superman of Malegaon ' comes even before its source film ' Malegaon Ka Superman ' is released (or will ever be released). At the outset, one would wonder then that how would it interest anybody who's oblivious of a video-parlour film called Malegaon Ka Superman .But a few minutes into the documentary and you realize that the entire thought behind capturing the making of the film makes for a more entertaining watch than the final film would possibly have. Malegaon Ka Superman is like one of those project films that one makes on campus or over outings and the kinds where the viewer doesn't really bother about budget or production values. But at their level, the makers of Malegaon Ka Superman are ambitious enough to incorporate special effects, stunts, songs and also a script in their cinema. And in their aspirations, the making of the movie gets its meat.So the documentary captures the dream that starts in the eye of Sheikh Nasir, the local videographer who defines his Superman as an asthma patient and a filth-lover who wishes to see every Indian spit all over the place. Much as inane as it sounds, the film has a dry sense of humour and it doesn't end up being an unintentionally funny escapade (like most tacky B-graders) but is consciously designed as a spoof. For its title lead, Nasir chooses a frail unassuming village-boy, Shaikh Shafique who would be the last person one would imagine of as Superman. But Shafique's distinctiveness makes him the perfect candidate for the satire.Unlike most movie-making footage, this one isn't merely a mechanical effort but also attempts to touch upon human elements like the hardships faced by the makers through the process of putting together the film. So when Nasir can't afford the chroma setup and software for special effects, he uses a green screen over a truck to achieve similar results to good output. The orthodox villagers won't allow women to work in films and so Nasir has to source the female lead from a nearby village. Shafique's marriage momentarily interrupts the movie schedule, the camera conks-off in between and more such difficulties arise but their spirit remains undeterred.And despite highlighting their hardships and the underlining pathos, the documentary at no time becomes sad, soggy or sensational. Rather it has a very optimistic outlook and exudes positive vibes. The best part of the film is that the makers have the ability and audacity to laugh on themselves. The joke is not at the expense of Shaikh Shafique for he is clearly aware that his individuality is inciting the humour.Superman of Malegaon is the celebration of the inherent fantasy of any average human being who dreams of being either a star or a star-maker, irrespective of their eligibility. And at a broader level, it's a tribute to the undying spirit with which you can make your dreams come true.Verdict: Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14493189", "title": "Post-grad women flocking ITI points to job crisis in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The belief that industrial training courses offered by government industrial training institutes (ITIs) is only preferred by economically weak and educationally less qualified sections of society has become a thing of the past in Women ITI, Varanasi. 80 per cent of the total number of women trainees are graduate, nearly half of the strength also hold post graduate degrees in various subjects. Such enrollment present a picture of unemployment in the region. An interaction of TOI with the students at Women ITI also reflected a change in mentality of people towards the courses offered by it is.Most of the trainees are looking forward to be entrepreneurs in the city and believe that only higher education is not enough to suffice the need. \"After achieving post graduate degree, there were several avenues for job. However, I always had the dream of starting my own venture. Since the city has immense scope for dress designers and tailors, who make a career in designing ethnic wear, I think after the completion of the course in July this year, I will be in a position to start my own venture as a freelance fashion designer,\" shared Isha Jaiswal, a post graduate in political science from Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth (MGKV), who is undergoing training in cutting and tailoring. As many as 30 out of 31 girls in the cutting and tailoring course are graduates.The minimum eligibility for the course is high school. Shalini, another post graduate, who is receiving training in skin and hair care course, said, \"I will begin with a saloon and then I have bigger plans in this domain, most important is to start my own chain of beauty saloons once I receive a stable position in this field.\" According to Pooja Singh, a commerce graduate, a common notion that ITI courses are for those who cannot study further due to some problems, is now fading away. The present world need expertise not just a higher degree. According to principal, B K Prasad, this trend of inclination of higher degree holders in ITI courses began 5-6 years back.\" In fact some of the trainees also had education till doctorate level,\" he said. It may be mentioned that there are as many as 140 women, who are being trained by the ITI at the moment.Apart from cutting and tailoring and beauty courses, there are courses like fashion technology, steno (Hindi) and information technology (IT), old courses like knitting, embroidery, basic computer applications and electronics have been removed from the course list due to less demand. The records show that nearly 75 per cent of the women are from middle class and above middle class families. According to Prasad, IT course has gained maximum popularity in just two years of its inception , with over 74 enrollments. The inclination of women with higher degrees towards ITI courses can be understood by the fact around 48 such students are getting summer industrial training at Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) and some of the students of IT trainees are getting the summer training at various hotels of the city. Instructor Ram Gopal Maurya said that the trainees are more inclined to start their own venture than to obtain job.According to him, garment and fashion companies from Gurgaon and New Delhi recruit girls during placements sessions. However, a majority of them prefer to set up their own enterprises. 80 Per Cent Of The Total Number Of Women Trainees", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "14490090", "title": "16 Naxalites killed in Dantewada encounter", "text": "RAIPUR: Sixteen Naxalites were killed and six CRPF jawans injured after a fierce overnight encounter in the jungles of Dantewada in Chhattisgarh.The encounter, which took place in the jungles of Silger, a \"liberated\" Maoist zone between the Naxal hotbed of Jagargunda and Basaguda in Dantewada, was launched last night by the CRPF from three directions. Two Maoists have also been arrested after the encounter.The encounter is significant as this is the first time that the central force has recovered these many bodies of Naxals. The arrested Maoists have been airlifted to the state capital Raipur.Official sources said six CRPF men, including two CoBRA commandos, have sustained bullet injuries and they have been air-lifted for medical aid.Preliminary reports suggest that the casualty figures of the Naxalites could increase as information from deep inside the jungles is trickling in slowly.This is the same area, close to Chintalnar, where Naxals have carried out the biggest ever attack on security forces killing 75 CRPF men and one state police personnel in April 2010.According to the sources, the CRPF has mobilised three units of commandos and regular troops, aided by two helicopters for the encounter.Firing is still on and the force has rushed in additional troops and logistics to the area in the wee hours today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14493115", "title": "PCB retrenchment drive to cut expenses", "text": "LAHORE: In a bid to reduce its administrative expenses, the Pakistan Cricket Board has issued termination notices to 18 of its employees.According to sources in the PCB, the decision to reduce the manpower was taken recently at the meeting of the Governing Council in Naudero, Larkana.\"The council approved that the manpower needs to be reduced to deal with the budget deficits as administrative expenses take up a big chunk of the budget,\" one source said.The source said, in the first phase, the PCB has decided to terminate contracts of some coaches and officials who are in the above-60 age group.\"There will be more employees released later on through the HR department,\" the source said.The PCB has been facing budget deficits for the last two years after foreign teams stopped touring Pakistan since after the 2009 terrorist attack on the Sri Lankan team in Lahore .Another source said major casualties of the retrenchment drive could include former Test captains, Intikhab Alam and Wasim Bari both of whom are employed in senior positions in the board.The PCB claims that it has suffered loss of revenues after being forced to play its 'home' series abroad and also due to India freezing bilateral cricket ties in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14481105", "title": "Sonia told me I couldn't be spared for President: Pranab", "text": "NEW DELHI: Veteran Congress leader Pranab Mukherjee's indispensability to the party nearly cost him the presidency. Until Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee's meeting with Congress president Sonia Gandhi on June 12, Mukherjee was clubbed along with vice president Hamid Ansari for the post of the president. In an interview to the Times Now, UPA's presidential candidate Mukherjee said Sonia had told him that he could not be spared as he still had much to do.Describing how he emerged as presidential frontrunner, Mukherjee said Sonia initiated the discussion. \"First she (Sonia) started talking to friendly parties, those who are part of the government... and discussed in general terms without mentioning any name. She did not throw any name, she generally discussed,\" said Mukherjee.\"Then she discussed with the supporting partners. Then she started discussing with important Congress leaders and in that course names were thrown to her,\" he said. Until that stage, Mukherjee said he wasn't in the picture. Sonia told Mukherjee details of her June 12 meeting with Mamata. \"That night she (Sonia) telephoned me and told me what exactly transpired. Thereafter, the next day, I had detailed discussions with her,\" said Mukherjee. But, Mukherjee doesn't think he is indispensable. \"In the law of nature, the vacuum is always filled. Individuals are not important, the system is important.\"Speaking on coalitions, Mukherjee said coalitions are necessary, but it would be wrong to predict that the people of India will make coalition governments a necessity. \"My assessment is that it's not that the Indian people are asking for a coalition. The electorate is not finding that there is a strong party that should be supported across the states, particularly in major states...\"Once political parties, the Indian National Congress or some other political parties, achieve that status, then they will have this advantage. But coalitions become necessary because a country like India cannot go on holding elections frequently. Remember how people started talking... Since 1984, no decisive majority has emerged in an election. 1989 was a fractured mandate; in 1991, the Congress got 220 seats, later on with Punjab 239 or 238 seats, but not absolute majority. 1996 to 2009 - no absolute majority. But in 2009 I told that Congress might do better. When everybody wrote us off because between 2004 and 2009, the major political supporter of the Congress, the Left, separated from us. Therefore, it was quite natural for the people to believe that the Congress would be losing.\"What I am talking about is that the Indian democracy has the flexibility to accommodate and absorb difficult situations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14493762", "title": "Early birds return empty-handed", "text": "HUBLI: Motilal J, a businessman, set out at 4.30am from home. At 5am, he joined the long queue outside the Hubli railway ticket counter for a tatkal ticket. \"I don't know if I will get the ticket. Within 5-10 minutes of the counter opening at 8am, the tickets are over,\" he said.Like Motilal, every day the Hubli counter sees at least 50-60 persons waiting from the crack of dawn for a tatkal ticket. Hubli railway station has more than four reservation counters. It isn't uncommon to find agents with 3-4 requisitions in the queue.On Wednesday morning, when the counter opened many had to return disappointed. Shafi who, too, was waiting in the queue, feels they should have a token system in place. \"Agents stand in the queues with 4-5 requisition forms. The tickets are over within minutes, leaving us without any,\" he rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14483984", "title": "Nodal officer report to decide fate of cases against Gujjars", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has decided to appoint an officer of the rank of deputy superintendent of police to examine the criminal cases registered against Gujjars during the community's agitations for quota in 2007, 2008 and 2010-11.The police officer would submit a report in two months stating whether the state government could withdraw these cases as demanded by the Gujjars while calling off their agitations. The demand was part of the 12-point agreement signed between Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla and the state government in January 2011.Reacting to the government move, the Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti's spokesperson Himmat Singh said, \"The government has begun to execute the agreement considering the Gujjars' recent protests at Sawai Madhopur and Dausa and opposition shown to chief minister Ashok Gehlot by the community at Dausa.\"Chief secretary C K Mathew has directed the department of personnel to ensure compliance of the agreement's key assurance of giving 1% additional quota to the special backward classes (SBC), which includes Gujjars, in the government jobs.The SBC communities are currently part of the other backward classes (OBC) category that constitutionally enjoys 21% quota in government jobs and educational institutes.To ensure execution of the 1% additional quota promise, the district collectors would issue SBC certificates also to the members of Gujjars, Rebaris, Banjaras and Garia-Lohars communities who already have OBC certificates. Also, the merit lists of Grade-III teachers' recruitment test in 16 districts would be revised as the SBC candidates could not be given the 1% additional quota in these districts.Similarly, admissions in the state's medical colleges to successful candidates of the Rajasthan pre-medical test (RPMT), too, would be based on a merit list with a separate SBC category.\"Till now the government maintained that only 65 people of Gujjar community were killed in their quota agitations. Now, it has agreed to recognise the three more persons who were killed in the 2007 agitation,\" said Singh.\"Compensation of Rs 5 lakh and a government job to the kin of the three killed would be given by the government,\" the spokesperson added.The Sangharsh Samiti claimed that the government has agreed to grant one-time compensation to the injured on the basis of their medical reports. \"Instead of the pensions we demanded for the injured, the government has agreed to give compensation ranging from Rs 25,000 to Rs 1 lakh. We have been promised that these cases would be settled within next three months,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "tamluk", "code": "14480316", "title": "Not 20,000, police found 90,000 detonators in car", "text": "Tamluk: Police officials stared in horror when a detailed search revealed a total of 90,000 detonators, which is almost five times more than what it was estimated on Wednesday. This is biggest seizure of detonators in the state in recent times. Police also managed to make another arrest in this regard. After an extensive search, police managed to make another arrest for smuggling in a huge cache of detonators that was seized on Wednesday.Driver Guddu Singh and his accomplice Suvo Singh were produced in court and remanded in 14 days of police custody, said East Midnapore district SP Sukesh Jain.A detailed search led police to a total of 90,000 detonators stashed in five sacks, the biggest recovery of detonators in the state in recent times.On Wednesday, police seized five sacks stashed with detonators. The number initially estimated as 20,000 increased manifold overnight. it was reported that It is not 20,000 detonators had been seized by police.The detonators were produced by Ideal Detonators Private Limited based in Andhra Pradesh. After the production, the detonators reached Orissa, where . There it was packed - 18,000 detonators in each sack. Each sack contained 37 packets of , each packet containing 500 detonators each.A Tata Indica was intercepted from Kolagaht Bridge on Wednesday, after the driver tried to sped past the traffic snarl by violating the lane. the Ebut a much bigger cache of detonators that East Midnapore Police stumbled upon on Wednesday evening. Police found as many as 90,000 detonators in five sacks, the biggest ever recovery of detonators recent time in the state. On Wednesday evening, police first recovered a sack containing 18,000 detonators from a car. But a detailed search led to recovery of four more sacks. Suvo Singh, the person accompanying driver Guddu Singh, who managed to flee from the car when police came raiding, was arrested. Suvo is a resident of Sherpur, Bihar. On Thursday, police produced Suvo Singh in Tamluk court. He and Guddu, who was later found and arrested, were remanded in police custody for 14 days, said East Midnapore district SP Sukesh Jain.After thoroughly interrogating the duo through Wednesday night and Thursday morning, cops learnt the consignment was being taken to Asansol. On Wednesday nigh and Thursday morning, the district police carried out a marathon interrogation of the duo. Police learnt that the consignment was bound to Asansol.\"In all probability, it might have been booked by coal mafias of Asansol and Jharia. The latter often use such detonators to blast off the mouth of coal mines. Earlier too, Asansol Commissionerate had recovered similar cache of explosives meant for blasting of illegal coal mines,\" said an investigator.Though the driver and his aide hail from Bihar, the However, Tata Indica car bore the registration number of Jharkhand. The district police has formed two teams. While one will go to is going to Bihar, the other team will go and other one to Orissa. Already the names of five states have cropped up during the investigation. \"We hope to register a breakthrough in the case fast,\" said Jain.However, police are not ruling neither ruled out the possibility of the consignment having been booked by the Maoists. Since there is an intense vigil along Salboni route, the shipment might have been smuggled along this route. It might have been smuggled to Purulia from Asansol and then to Jangalmahal, said another investigator.Already, the case dragged the names of five states. The detonators were produced by Ideal Detonators Private Limited based in Andhra Pradesh. After the production, the detonators reached Orissa. There it was packed - 18,000 detonators in each sack. Each sack contained 37 packets, each packet containing 500 detonators.But their luck ran out while passing Kolaghat bridge. There was a specific tip-off about explosives being smuggled out, so there was quite a strong force searching the passing cars. As the car got stuck in traffic snarl on Kolaghat bridge, Guddu and Suvo started panicking seeing police. They tried to sped past the snarl by violating lane. This only helped police to zero in on the car.The district police has formed two teams one is going to Bihar and other one to Orissa. \"We hope to register a breakthrough in the case fast,\" said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14482373", "title": "Bird hit grounds flight to Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers on board a Srinagar-Mumbai Indigo flight had a narrow escape on Thursday after 182 the aircraft suffered a bird hit. The aircraft was bound for Mumbai and had to return to Srinagar to check the damage to the aircraft.The flight made an emergency landing at Srinagar airport.The incident happened after the Indigo flight took , 6E 448, took-off from Srinagar airport at 3.24pm and was running late. The flight was originally scheduled at 2.10 pm and was running late.Within a few minutes of take-off, passengers heard a loud thud outside. The airline crew then announced the return of the flight to Srinagar. The flight landed back at 3.48 pm and all passengers were deplaned by 4.15 pm. ASrinagar airport officials said the airline reported that a falcon had hit the aircraft's left engine, due to which it had to return. Passengers on board the flight said that the pilot did not specify the reason for return while the flight was mid-air. \"We heard a thud and a large whirl sound but didn't quite anticipate that it was a bird hit. We were sailing above 1,500 feet in air and an announcement was made the flight was to be taken back to the Srinagar airport. The pilots avoided giving reason for the return journey as they probably felt that it could create panic among passengers,'' said Sudhir Kokate, a Thane resident who was on board the flight.Kokate, who is a Shiv Sena corporator from Thane, said the flight touched base safely and only then the passengers were informed that a falcon had hit one of the engines.Indigo later arranged for another aircraft from Delhi, which finally took off from Srinagar at 7.30pm.Confirming the incident, an Indigo spokesperson said the aircraft which suffered the bird-hit is now grounded for maintenance. \"As soon as the flight was airborne, the pilot suspected a bird hit and as per the safety regulations, the pilot landed the aircraft safely in Srinagar. This was a normal landing. The aircraft had been hit by a bird. All passengers and crew on board are safe. A ferry flight from Delhi to Srinagar was arranged with immediate effect. The passengers were provided with refreshments,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14478478", "title": "'Limit climate change or wait for the doomsday'", "text": "A devastating cyclone will strike the state in April 2050, inundating coastal regions of East Midnapore and the Sunderbans. This will trigger flash migration to urban centres and send Kolkata reeling. Parks will turn into slums and every inch of free space will be occupied.In the cruel summer that will follow, the mercury will breach the 42 degree celcius mark. Radiation from sun rays reflecting off the steel and glass buildings and exhaust from AC cars and homes will push the temperature higher by another 2 degree. With lakhs of people exposed to the heat, thousands will fall ill and hundreds will drop dead due to heat stroke. Egg production will also nosedive due to heat stress on livestock.The situation will get worse as water scarcity will hit large pockets. With aquifers running low and arsenic spreading into ground water in north and central Kolkata, rationing of water will become a way of life. Statewide, demand for water for agriculture, industry, domestic use, forest/ecology and energy will skyrocket from 106.18 to 452.82 billion billion cubic metre.In June, cloud bursts will inundate large sections of the city. In the following weeks, incidents of cholera, diarrhoea and enteric fever will spiral. Malaria cases will shoot up not just in Kolkata but in upper reaches of Darjeeling as well. Large quantities of vegetables will perish as cloudbursts will leave farms in North and South 24-Parganas waterlogged. The lack of tolerance in hybrid seeds will make matter worse... Flooding has been affecting Aman production over the past several years and delivers a crippling blow in the crisis year.In Kolkata, water refuses to recede. Largescale concretization and encroachment of wetlands over past several decades has left hardly any soak pit in and around the city.These predictions of Kolkata in Circa 2050 may be dismissed by a section of scientists, but they are outnumbered by a huge margin by those in the fraternity who believe in such an eventuality if remedial measures are not taken today.\"It isn't just climate change that may trigger a series of events. Erosion of land along Bengal's coastline is a huge threat. Given the vast population pressure in the Sunderbans, which has led to people settling even in spillage areas beyond embankments, natural calamities will lead to large scale displacement and migration to urban centres. Kolkata, being the nearest city, will bear the brunt,\" said Jadavpur University School of Oceanographic Studies joint director Gautam Sen.Joyashree Roy, coordinator of Global Change Programme at JU and a member of the Nobel Prize-winning Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, felt rise in migration will hurt Kolkata most if the city fails to prepare itself for the situation. \"Denying effects of climate change will hurt the state and the city. Given the frequency of extreme events, Kolkata will have to deal with migration periodically. Planning and preparedness is needed for a metropolis that is already stressed,\" she pointed out.The domino effect of migration will touch every sphere, overwhelming infrastructure, services and sensibilities. Even the last bastions of pedestrian-free space around Victoria Memorial Hall will be over-run by the human deluge.\"The government needs to grab the situation by the collar and face it head on. A study of base and peak load population is essential to decide on how much to augment the infrastructure,\" Roy reasoned.The other factor that has scientists worried is the erratic rainfall pattern. Kalyani University environment department head S C Santra feels that will pose the biggest challenge, reducing agriculture output and affecting crop security. Shortage of feed will also affect livestock. \"Many crops cannot take high heat and water stress. With aman production getting hit due to waterlogging, there is more emphasis on boro crop that requires irrigation. To sustain it, we need to increase surface water storage, recharge ground water and rejuvenate rivers. If we fail to plan, food security will be compromised,\" said Santra.ADAPTATION STRATEGIES FOR WATER:Increase water storageMake rooftop rainwater harvesting mandatoryDesilt canals and drainsRegulate ground water extractionImprove drainage systemRecharge by afforestation in different sections of cityExtend metering of water and charge water useADAPTATION STRATEGIES FOR AGRICULTURE:Plan agro-climatic zone wise production of crops to maximize productivityPopularize indigenous rice variety and introduce cultivars of rice and maize that are heat resistant and can endure water stressPopularize integrated farming system by combining crop, livestock and fisheriesProvide shades by planting trees in fields to avoid heat stress affect on cropsADAPTATION STRATEGIES FOR HEALTH:Inititate research on impacts of climate change on vector, respiratory and water borne diseasesDevelop nutrition policyIntegrate climate change in health disaster risk reduction plans for cyclones, floods and droughtsADAPTATION STRATEGIES FOR POWER:Increase share of renewable in grid power by 20% by 2020Make rooftop solar water heating modules compulsoryUndertake research to assess the impacts of climate change on power infrastructure", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14488890", "title": "China's astronaut trio returns to Earth", "text": "BEIJING: China's first woman cosmonaut and two of her colleagues returned to Earth on Friday after successfully accomplishing the country's first-ever manual space docking during a two-week mission, giving a boost to Beijing's efforts to build a space station by 2020.The spacecraft Shenzhou-9 carrying the three astronauts landed at the designated spot at Inner Mongolia region.The landing, which was shown live on the television was a bit bumpy as the module turned upside down as it hit the ground.Ground stations declared that the landing was successful. The first Chinese woman astronaut Liu Yang, and her two male colleagues mission commander Jing Haipeng and Liu Wang were safe.The return capsule of Shenzhou-9 spacecraft touched down this morning, after China fulfilled its first manned space docking, state run Xinhua news agency reported.The two-week space mission was a key step towards building a space station, which China aims to do by 2020,The touch down monitored by various ground stations took place at 10 am Beijing time as was announced earlier.The module aided by a huge parachute was seen landing almost at the designated site in the grasslands of inner Mongolia.The ground search and rescue team moved toward the landing site as soon as the capsule landed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14491855", "title": "More than 100 litre of raw liquor seized during excise raid", "text": "INDORE: The excise department sleuths have seized 600 kg of fermented mahua lahan and more than 100 litre of raw liquor during two raids, which was conducted on Thursday morning at Khajarana and Patel Nagar areas of the city.A total of 22 cases were registered and seven persons have been arrested in this connection. Excise officials said that as many as 22 women were found to be involved in the brewing of spurious liquor. The team destroyed the entire mahua on the spot itself immediately after the seizure, said an official.Prior to it, the excise department sleuths had also conducted raid in Sanwer Road area, arresting seven persons who were allegedly found to have been involved in the making of 100 kg of mahua.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480962", "title": "GS Gupta leaves Nims, taken back into custody", "text": "HYDERABAD: Central Crime Station (CCS) investigators on Thursday produced realtor Gowri Shankar Gupta, who was undergoing treatment at Nims, before the Nampally criminal court in the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) cheating case. After he was discharged from Nims, Gupta was brought to the court in a wheelchair in the evening. The magistrate remanded him in judicial custody till July 12. Gupta has thereafter moved a petition seeking bail.Gupta was arrested by CCS police Friday last but was shifted to MediCiti hospital after he complained of chest pain. Subsequently, when police brought him to court in a wheelchair Gupta suddenly fell unconscious.Then, the magistrate directed police to shift him to Nims. Gupta is accused of cheating HMDA by fraudulently using letterheads of DLF Ltd to enter into a lease agreement. In another case, Crime Investigation Department (CID) officers produced YSR Congress party chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy's aide Mangali Krishna and gangster Bhanu Kiran before the Nampally court after completion of their police custody on Thursday. The duo's judicial remand was extended up to July 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14495760", "title": "Kidnap victim's body found near Visnagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For a second, passerby on the Unava highway thought that a film shooting was going on, but soon they realized that it was a happening for real.According to Mehsana police, one Mukesh Chaudhary has in his complaint claimed that he along with his nephew Prakash Chaudhary was on his way to Unjha when at least 10 people in a jeep came from behind and attacked him. They kidnapped Mukesh Chaudhary's nephew Prakash.Mukesh said that he and Prakash were going on their bike to Unjha when their bike was intercepted by a jeep. Sensing trouble the uncle and nephew started running away from the area, but the group caught Prakash and pushed him in the car. Later the same group opened fire on Mukesh and attacked him with the swords. They left Mukesh at the spot and drove away.Police said that according to Mukesh, Prakash was taken away in the jeep. Later, the police carried out a search for Prakash and found his body near Visnagar. Police said that the group killed Prakash in the car and threw his body on the outskirts of Thumal village near Visnagar.Police said that according to Mukesh, the group which attacked them was Razak alias Poriya a resident of Siddhpur. The police on the complaint of Mukesh have registered a case against Razak and 10 other unidentified persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14477903", "title": "Wanted: A face for Sakthan Thampuran", "text": "THRISSUR: This city that boasts of its cultural importance and history is yet to install a statue of its founder, Sakthan Thampuran, who engineered its growth and made Thrissur pooram one of Kerala's most important temple festivals around 200 years ago. He cleared the teak trees in Thekkinkad maidan in order to make enough space to conduct the pooram here.Thrissur may perhaps be the only city which does not have a statue or authentic painting of its founder.The efforts to make Sakthan Thampuran's statue have come to naught as there doesn't exist an authentic painting of the king. This has forced the officials concerned to approach the Tripunithura Palace Museum to find out if the palace has one as Sakthan Thampuran belonged to the Cochin royal family.\"We have written to the Tripunithura Museum authorities seeking his picture. We have also approached the Department of Archaeology. A statue will be made only after ensuring that the picture we get is authentic; it should be authorized by the authority concerned. We don't want any controversy over it in the future,\" an official said.The committee will select one of the three architects it has identified to carve Sakthan Thampuran's figure in bronze. Source said a decision on the picture and the architect would be taken by June end. According to source there does not exist any authentic picture of the Thampuran.The picture of him, currently printed in school textbooks, has been taken from the book 'Sakthan Thampuran' written by Puthezhath Raman Menon. Many people, meanwhile, have questioned the veracity of a painting claiming to be that of the Thampuran, which was recently donated to the Sakthan Museum.P C Chako MP, Therambil Ramakrishnan MLA and many other eminent people have come out in support of installing the statue of the city's founder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14481712", "title": "Teacher strips girl in co-ed classroom", "text": "KOLKATA: A teacher of a co-ed government school in Gaighata in North 24-Parganas took off the leggings of a 13-year-old girl in the classroom on Wednesday because she was not in proper uniform. The girl wept and pleaded but the teacher allegedly did not return it even after school was over, forcing her to walk home in a semi-clad state. Headmaster Swapan Bala dismissed it as a \"minor incident\". \"We came to know of it only a day later. It is not a serious matter. Some people are unnecessarily making an issue out of it. The teacher has apologized. We shall take a final decision on Friday,\" Bala said on Thursday. The accused teacher was allowed to get away by submitting a written apology to the managing committee of the school. And the girl's father was made to submit another document to police, stating that the matter \"had been sorted out\" and he doesn't want to press charges against the teacher. Education minister Bratya Basu has ordered an inquiry by the district inspector of schools, North 24-Parganas. \"If the teacher is found guilty, action will be taken against her,\" Basu said. The girl is still traumatized and refuses to get out of her room. Even her classmates are so shocked that they complained to their parents, who staged a demonstration outside the school on Thursday. The incident occurred at Berigopalpur Adarsha High School in Gaighata, about 65km from Kolkata. Three girls of Class VII turned up in school without the proper uniform. One of them had leggings under her skirt. The other teachers did not mind but the accused teacher pulled them up during her class. She had apparently warned the students earlier that she wanted them to come in uniform. \"When she scolded me, I explained that I was absent on Monday and Tuesday and did not know that she had warned the class. But she got extremely angry and tore my leggings in front of everybody. I cried out in shame. She then sent all three of us out of the class. When school was over, I begged to her to return the leggings but she refused. I had to walk back home in that state,\" the girl told TOI. The girl's father lodged a complaint at Gaighata police station on Thursday after which the officer-in-charge went to the school. By then, the parents' agitation had started. Managing committee secretary Basudeb Ghosh and headmaster Swapan Bala convened a meeting with police and the teacher. The teacher refuted the charges initially but confessed after the girl was summoned and asked to narrate the incident. \"We have received a written undertaking from her that such incidents won't be repeated. It was a shameful act. We shall meet again on Friday. If the teacher is found to be guilty, she will be punished,\" Ghosh said. \"We had lodged a general diary. Later in the day, the girl's father told us that the matter had been sorted out and he does not want to press charges against the teacher,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14484404", "title": "6 hurt as landlord, tenant clash", "text": "JAIPUR: At least six people were injured in a confrontation between a landlord and his tenant at Vidhyadhar Nagar locality. Ugly scenes were witnessed in the locality on Thursday the tenant and his landlord entered into violent confrontation in which people supporting attacked each other joined in with batons and iron roads, police said.Manoj has been a tenant of Ramgopal for almost five years. The tenant was running a saloon at the rented portion. However, the landlord has been asking him to vacate the portion of the house he had let out for the saloon, police said adding that they initially entered into verbal confrontation which later converted into a fight. At least seven goons who were allegedly brought by the landlord to ensure the tenant vacates the house and the violent confrontation stared, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480824", "title": "Can't check income source of liquor licences: Govt", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Thursday informed the high court that it cannot insist on the income tax (I-T) returns of those applying for retail liquor licences as the results may prove counter-productive.Spelling out the government's stand was the additional excise commissioner, who was filing a counter to a petition challenging the new excise policy which comes into effect on July 1. Advocate P Subhash had filed a petition urging the court to declare the new liquor policy as unlawful since it does not insist on checking the financial antecedents of applicants despite widespread allegations of irregularities in the liquor trade in AP.In its counter, the government explained that although it does not ask for the I-T returns of the bidders, it does ensure that certain requirements are fulfilled when a contract is awarded.It urged the court not to cancel the new policy since the allotments of shops all over the state was almost over with the changeover round the corner. S Sriram, the counsel for the petitioner, objected to this and insisted that the government should verify the financial background of those who are opting to run liquor shops.A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice PC Ghose and justice V Eswaraiah posted the matter to Friday for further hearing. It also directed the state to file its counters to other petitions that also challenged the validity of the new excise policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "14482809", "title": "Manmohan\u2019s Pondy visit may reinforce Aurobindo connect", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: This is not the first time Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will be visiting Puducherry. But his first official visit to the city as PM may reinforce a relationship forged six years ago when he unveiled a statue of Sri Aurobindo at the Parliament House.It is a connect the PM could rediscover when he visits the Sri Aurobindo Ashram during his two-day trip beginning on Friday. Unveiled in Parliament on August 23, 2006, the statue was created by a team of artists, including some from Puducherry.The project took nearly 18 months before it was ready for installation and was sponsored by K Dalal, a devotee, and supported by L M Singhvi and Karan Singh.Leading the team of artists was A C Das and Mukulendu Pathak, both from Kolkata, who worked on the statue's face, body and final finishing. \"Travelling artists would come to Puducherry and stay for two to six months, pitching in with the project,\" said Lalit Verma, owner of Aurodhan Gallery and team leader for the project. The statue was made in Puducherry's Kuruchikuppam area, a hub for local artists.Once the parliamentary committee approved the project, the team of artists got to work. But they faced several challenges - one being that there were no photographs of Sri Aurobindo in his advanced years, standing up.\"We combined pictures of his youth and later years to come up with an acceptable structure. The work underwent several changes as we showed it to people who had met Sri Aurobindo. Until they approved and accepted it, the artists kept changing the structure of the statue,\" said Verma.The team created six statues of Sri Aurobindo. Apart from the one installed in Parliament, the rest were put up in Sri Aurobindo Ashram, Sri Aurobindo Society and Auroville properties across India.\"One statue was put up at the UNESCO office in Paris because the organization wanted to honour Sri Aurobindo as a spiritual leader whose vision is relevant across cultures and nationalities,\" said Verma.The unveiling of the statue in Parliament saw the ruling and opposition leaders come together for the occasion. Apart from the Prime Minister, then Vice-President Bhairon Singh Shekhawat , then Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , then defence minister Pranab Mukherjee , leader of the opposition L K Advani , then Lok Sabha deputy speaker Charnjit Singh Atwal, and ex-MPs Karan Singh and LM Singhvi were also present at the ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14476874", "title": "Board of studies elections of Amravati University on September 23", "text": "AMRAVATI: The election of the board of studies of Amravati University will be held on September 23. The state government issued a notification to this effect recently.The board of studies election is considered crucial in academic circles. The election of six heads of departments in colleges to board of studies will be held on September 23.Election procedure will start from July 16. Head of the department of various subjects from the colleges can file their nominations till July 16. On July 30, preliminary electoral rolls will be published. Candidates can raise objections to preliminary electoral rolls on August 10. On August 24, the final electoral roll will be published. On August 29, those aggrieved by the decision of the registrar or a person appointed by vice-chancellor and disposing the objections to preliminary electoral rolls can submit an appeal to the vice-chancellor. Till September 4, candidates can file their nomination while on September 5, nominations will be scrutinized. On September 7, list of nominated candidates will be published. Candidates can submit any appeal to vice chancellor against the decision of the registrar regarding objection to nomination. Till September 13, candidates can withdraw their nominations. On September 15, final list of the candidates contesting election will be published. On September 23, polls will be held while on September 25 counting will be held and final result will be declared.Although the BoS polls are crucial, if Maharashtra government enacts Maharahstra Public University Act 2011, all preparations of the candidates will go in vain, said sources. Sources said that Maharashtra government is planning to implement the Maharashtra Public University Act 2011 and if law passed in the monsoon session of state legislature, elections of BoS will ultimately cease, due to which money and time speny over the election procedure will go to waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14494195", "title": "Prabhudeva's helping hand", "text": "Prabhudeva helped the family of his former associate Chandrasekar who died recently.The dancer's talent is plentiful, so is his heart. The death of his former associate Chandrasekar aka Sacha's (worked in Pokiri ) death came as a shock to the multi-talented Prabhudeva when he was celebrating the success of his recent venture Rowdy Rathore . Though he was abroad when the news reached his ears, his help reached Sacha's family before he could. He gave a cheque of Rs 1 lakh to the family via dialogue writer V Prabhakara.Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14483891", "title": "Bailed easily, railway touts flout law without fear", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway touts are audacious people. Nothing bothers them. \"Why are you repeatedly clicking my picture? I'm a tout. They'll arrest me. Then, I'll get bail and be back in business,\" one of them tells the TOI team photographing him taking cash from a client outside New Delhi rail reservation centre on Thursday morning.Days after TOI began writing on illegal agents virtually hijacking the railway ticketing system, at the New Delhi reservation counter the same set of touts were at work, either fleecing passengers or blocking positions at the head of long queues of desperate ticket seekers. \"How can the same people buy tickets every day, that too for different destinations? The authorities are turning a blind eye,\" Pankaj Bhardwaj complained. He joined the queue at 4 am.Passengers said the first men in the line were invariably representatives of local touts. \"Most of these men work in Paharganj and get paid for standing in the queue throughout the night,\" a local businessman said.Both police and the railways claimed they weren't in a position to stop \"representatives\" of booking agents from joining queues. There are four dedicated counters for registered travel agents. \"This facility is available only at this reservation centre. How can we stop them from deputing their representatives,\" a railway official asked.But when the TOI team reached the ticket counters, it found there were separate queues in front of the counters dedicated to travel agents. \"Tatkal booking is allowed at these counters only after 10 am,\" said an official.If that's the case, then these agents and their sidekicks shouldn't be allowed anywhere near counters meant for passengers. But that's clearly not the case. As soon as the counters open, they rush in and fan out at all the counters, blocking the first or second positions in the line. Their masters supervise as they wait for normal booking to commence at 10am.\"How do you stop these people from booking Tatkal tickets? They have with them passengers' identity proof. Law doesn't prohibit anyone from booking a ticket on another's behalf, if he submits the documents,\" a railway official asks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14480352", "title": "PIL demands Green Tribunal in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court on Thursday issued notice to the Centre over the issue of not setting up a Green Tribunal in the state. Acting on a PIL filed by an NGO, Consumer Protection and Analytic Society, the bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala asked for explanation as to why the tribunal had not been set up in Gujarat.The court has also asked the petitioner to make the state government a party in this litigation. The PIL questioned setting up of the tribunal in Pune under the National Green Tribunal Act, 2010 even for registering objections f rom Gujarat.The petitioner has demanded HC directions to the Centre to set up such a tribunal in Gujarat. Appearing for petitioner, advocate Masoom Shah submitted that the tribunals have been established at five places in the country. By virtue of the law, people of Gujarat will have to go to Pune to file their applications. He argued that original jurisdiction cannot be taken outside the state, which causes grave injustice to the people of Gujarat. \"This is a shocking development that the original jurisdiction of the state is transferred outside the state,\" the petition reads. The lawyer argued that establishing the tribunal at a distance is such a move which will benefit industrialists more because long d i s t a n c e would result in fewer litigations.He also contended that the notification of establishing tribunal in Pune is \"an epitome of pick and choose, untrammeled exercise of legislative powers\" by the Centre without any rhyme and reason. It was alleged during the hearing that this is an attack at the very foundation of constitutional pillars and defeats its object and purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14484643", "title": "DVS fights for survival, Bangalore fights for funds", "text": "Bangalore: If Bangaloreans had any hope that the BBMP would rain sops on them in an election year (the state is slated to go to the polls in May 2013), there couldn't have been a harsher slap in the face. The BBMP's 2012-13 budget, presented here on Thursday, didn't even make a pretence of having the welfare of citizens on its mind.While the budget is big on numbers, not a single new infrastructure project has been unveiled for the coming year. That the BJP rules both the state and the city civic council is reason enough to expect a bonanza. Seventeen of Bangalore's 28 MLAs and all three MPs from the city are from the BJP, but they didn't come to Bangaloreans' rescue.Here's a reflection on their lack of concern: No BJP MP was present in the council for the budget ; only four BJP and two Congress MLAs were in the House.The legislators' priorities are seen in the way the city has been able to gain from the Karnataka government. The biggest contributor to the fall in the city's budgeted receipt estimates for 2011-12 from Rs 9,315.80 crore to Rs 3,934.08 crore (a shocking 58% shortfall) is the state government's grants. Of the expected Rs 2,103.56 crore grants, only Rs 1,245.72 crore materialized . With receipts at this dismal level, the expenditure, too, was cut down by nearly 60% last year, leaving the city to its woes.What's worse, lawmakers are busy politicking . Asked why he skipped the council meet, Shantinagar Congress MLA N A Haris said: \"I was not invited. I was not called for prebudget meetings too. My constituency collects the highest amount of property tax, but there is hardly any development here. But a large chunk of BBMP money goes to BJP constituencies.\"BJP MLA from Yelahanka , S R Vishwanath, said: \"Ideally, I should have attended the meet. I'll attend the discussions that begin on Monday.\"SOME SMILESBiometric khatas to be issued after taking fingerprints of ownersA data centre to monitor, maintain roads, streetlighting, storm water drains and trafficEvery street to have a unique number to eliminate malpractice in awarding contracts1.65 lakh street dogs to be vaccinated, 23 animal birth control centres coming upMarkets to get a mall-like facelift, modelled on PPP basisAND SOME GRIPESServiced apartments and PG accommodation to come under tax net 13 roads to be widened. But the cash-strapped BBMP buries TDR bank conceptIT'S A REALISTIC BUDGETWe've given a realistic budget. There's a resource crunch in BBMP. Instead of giving an inflated budget, we've given one that'll be implemented 100%. The previous two budgets had huge numbers, but no programmes were implemented except for ward-wise allocation of funds.R Ashoka | HOME MINISTER AND IN CHARGE OF BANGALORE", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14478040", "title": "NOCs for 6 dental colleges that failed DME test", "text": "KOCHI: Six new dental colleges, which were denied Essentiality Certificates (ECs) or No Objection Certificates (NOC), are likely to start operations this academic year after receiving government approval. This may rake up another controversy in the education sector, which has already been hit by the aided schools controversy.According to information received through Right to Information (RTI), dated June 12, 2012, from the Health &amp; Family Welfare Department and the Directorate of Medical Education (DME), the state government is all set to give sanction to six new dental colleges from the nine (see box) that applied for ECs between Jan 1, 2011 and April 15, 2012. But an RTI reply, dated May 18, 2012, had confirmed that ECs were not issued to six dental colleges.Replying to a query whether all the nine managements have been given ECs to start colleges, the RTI reply said that \"Essentiality certificates are issued by the government.\" However, in the RTI reply (May 18), the health department under secretary Elphege Tajan said that six colleges have failed in the official inspection and hence have not been given EC. These are colleges managed by Sree Anjaneya Medical Trust, Thushara Giri Educational &amp; Charitable Trust, Heera Education &amp; Charitable Trust, Al-Noor Educational &amp; Charitable Trust, KMCT Malappuram, Bismi Educational Society. The status of three other applicants - Josco Multi-speciality Hospital, Al-Hind Educational and Charitable Trust and Nehru College of Education - are not known.According to sources, the GO for the new colleges will be issued soon with each college allotted around 60-100 seats, most of which will be open for admission in the current year itself. Three colleges, including Amrita School of Dentistry, Sree Sankara Dental College, Varkala and Al Azhar, Thodupuzha, have applied for raising their strength from 60 to 100 seats.\"This is against the Dental Council's dictum on starting new colleges, which requires rectifying flaws in the quality of education in existing colleges. We will protest against the move to increase the number of colleges which is not necessary in Kerala,\" said M Raveedranath, state president, Indian Dental Association, Kerala.With approvals for new colleges, the total number of seats for dentistry will go up to 2,000 in the state. \"According to the WHO, an ideal dentist-population ratio is 1:7500, in Kerala it is 1:3500. It will come down further with the approval of new colleges,\" said Dr Shibu Rajagopal, secretary, IDA.The increase in number of seats has come at a time when Kerala University of Health Sciences ( KUHS) is working on improving the quality of education in the existing private dental colleges. Meanwhile, the state cabinet has given approval for setting up two dental colleges in Alappuzha and Thrissur and earmarked Rs 5 crore for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14476878", "title": "Lokayukta report on Jhilmil Colony sent to govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The lieutenant governor of Delhi has accepted Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin's recommendations for a comprehensive survey, revaluation and framing of a policy on redevelopment as the solution to combat the rampant encroachment on government land and unauthorized construction at Jhilmil Colony in east Delhi. LG Tejendra Khanna's office has sent the Lokayukta's report to the state government for action. The report highlights the failure of the state and landowning agencies involved in preventing the encroachment, and brings out the lacunae in land management and the weak policy framework.Stating that the ideal situation would require removal of encroachments on government land, demolition of structures thereon, and regularization of compoundable alterations, the Lokayukta has recommended a comprehensive scheme for insitu regularization or redevelopment in Jhilmil Colony. It points out that more than 90% of the tenements have encroached extensively on public land and the single storey settlement has grown into an illegal mass of double or three-storey structures over the decades.The Lokayukta recommends that till a policy for sorting out the mess is prepared, there should be \"complete freeze on any construction without approval in the colony....\"A detailed report by the Lokayukta tells how a small settlement of 1,190 single-room, single-storey tenements for refugees from Pakistan conceived after partition in Jhilmil Colony has grown into a mess of illegal encroachments and three-storey structures. The Lokayukta's appraisal of the colony is an outcome of a survey ordered by him as he sought to expand the ambit of the case which originally pertained to a complaint of alleged illegal construction by municipal councillor Preeti Behn.The LG has, however, rejected the Lokayukta's recommendation that Preeti Behn be suspended from the House for one day. The LG's order takes the view that she, after the Lokayukta pointed out the illegalities in the property, had sold the property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14496008", "title": "Viraj Bhatta and Monalisa in \u2018Khuddar\u2019", "text": "Bhojpuri action star Viraj Bhatta has been roped in for upcoming Bhojpuri flick Khuddar. the actor has been paired opposite Monalisa.The film is said to have many action scenes of Viraj, which apparently is his forte. Produced by Dinesh Chaube, Ravi Sinha is weilding the direction and script of the movie. Khuddar also stars Komal Dhillon, Maya Yadav, Ali Khan, Binod Mishra and Awadhesh Mishra in pivotal roles.- Prashant NishantSource: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14483181", "title": "Varsity panel unlikely to pinpoint source of leak", "text": "MUMBAI: The report on the leak of the TYBMS International Finance paper fails to pinpoint the source of the leak and instead talks of loopholes in the system.The three-member committee probing the leak, which will soon submit its report to the University of Mumbai, is believed to have listed several reasons for the leak including the mushrooming coaching industry for self-finance courses.On April 25, this paper got a call from a student about the leak and immediately got in touch with university officials. After confirming the leak, the university asked all 61 centres to not open the bundle and return them to the university. The question paper was replaced and students had to appear for a fresh paper.The committee found that seven colleges - Wilson, Walia, Rutumbara (Mumbai), GR Patil (Dombivli), St Gonsalves and Vivah (Vasai) and one in Shahpur opened the bundle before the scheduled time. \"The colleges managed to prove, with evidences, that they opened the bundle before receiving the call from the university. However, the university has not maintained any record of calls made to all 61 centres, so the committee could not verify the colleges' claims,\" said a university source.Apart from coaching industry, the probe also mentions that paper-setters, the manuscripts department, the DTP operator handling the paper and one of the colleges could be possible sources of the leak. A newly-set up college in Shahpur was also one of the colleges which opened the bundle before the scheduled time. The report, basically, points out at the loopholes in the system rather thanThe report, which will have an annexure of 150 pages, will also include the anonymous letter (a copy of which is with TOI) sent to the university, probe committee members and some prominent commerce colleges in the city. The letter mentioned that teachers in several self-financing courses, like TYBMS, who have been examiners and paper-setters, were indulging in malpractices. These teachers, the letter added, generously award marks in internal exams to students who join their private coaching classes. Hence, the conclusion, that the coaching industry could be one of the reasons prompting people to indulge in such malpractices.Earlier too, a committee headed by Professor Madhu Paranjpe, set up to probe the leak in Basic Electrical and Electronics Engineering ( BEEE) pointed out to loopholes in the examination system, right from paper setting, to the manuscript department, printing press and delivery. In fact, 14 people were arrested by the Mumbai crime branch after two engineering papers leaked from the university's examination section in May and a re-exam had to be conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475762", "title": "Mohan Joshi to head assurance committee", "text": "PUNE: Member of the state legislative council Mohan Joshi has been appointed the chief of the assurance committee which plays an important role in establishing effective control on the work of the secretariat and administration. The appointment has been made by chairman of the state legislative council Shivajirao Deshmukh. Other members of the committee include Sudhir Tambe, Kiran Pawaskar, Diliprao Sonawane, Neelam Gorhe, Bhai Jagtap, Prakash Binsale, Arunkaka Jagtap and Keshavrao Mankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14478173", "title": "No blueprint to fight fire at new block of civil station", "text": "KOCHI: In case of a fire outbreak in the new block of the civil station complex, rescue and salvage operations will be hampered by the non-availability of floor plan with the fire and rescue services department.It is almost nine months since the new block of the civil station complex at Kakkanad was opened for the functioning of the district planning committee secretariat.Despite the building being occupied by offices including that of district planning officer and economic and statistics department, the PWD, which has constructed the building, is yet to submit the blueprint.According to divisional officer, fire and rescue services, Joe Kuruvilla Esow, the department has not received the blueprints of both the new and old blocks in the civil station complex. The draft should include fire escape systems - fire exit staircase and main staircase, details of fire extinguishers and underground water tanks, fire alarms, fire detection systems and occupancy details. \"During an outbreak of fire, the blueprint is important to carry out rescue operations and is also required to plan a strategy to dowse fire,\" he says.While the divisional office directly receives blueprints of buildings below 15 m, the drafts of taller edifices are forwarded to the headquarters of the fire and rescue services department. Though it was agreed between the departments to submit the blueprint of the old block at the earliest, no follow-up initiative has been taken to complete the procedures.Meanwhile, district planning officer R Girija says that the fire and safety systems installed in the building were put to fire test. \"But, in this building there are no fire extinguishers. When the planning office presented the case before the contractors appointed by the public works department, we were informed that they would complete the process by installing the equipment in both the new and old blocks. The office has also asked for a completion certificate,\" she said. The planning officer has not received any communique from the fire and safety department regarding submission of blueprint. It is also pointed out that the town planning department and National Informatics Centre (NIC) will soon shift their offices to the new block in the civil station complex.At the same time, PWD - the construction agency - says that it will look into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14499654", "title": "Cusat ST radar ready for testing in March", "text": "KOCHI: The first testing of the sophisticated and advanced stratosphere troposphere (ST) radar, which is being installed at the Cochin university of science and technology (Cusat), will be carried out in March next year. The three-storeyed building to house the radar will be ready by October 2013. This was decided at the meeting of the project implementation committee for ST radar facility held in Kochi recently. \"We will test the radar from a temporary structure and later when the building is ready, it will be placed on its rooftop,\" said K Mohan Kumar, professor, department of atmospheric sciences, Cusat.The Rs 20-crore-doppler radar is the first of its kind being given to a university by the ministry of science and technology for research purpose. ST radars are emerging as powerful tools for atmospheric research and have immense applications in studies in meteorology, cloud physics, thunderstorms, atmospheric electricity, climate change, environmental physics, civil aviation and communications, etc. Across the world, there areonly six other doppler radarsof thiskind.Thekey job of the new radar is to study the dynamics of summer monsoon and monsoon variability. The data available will be useful for the Cochin international airport limited (Cial) and Indian Navy as it will predict thunderstorms, fog and heavy rainfall in the airport area. This can forecast severe weather conditions, thereby avert aircraft accidents. The Navy can also use the radar predictions on atmospheric conditions for its helicopter operations and training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14488906", "title": "Once-daily Quad pill found to be safer than ART regimens for HIV patients", "text": "NEW DELHI: A new once-daily pill combining three antiretrovirals (ARTs) and a booster molecule has been found to be safe and effective alternative to two widely used drug regimens for newly diagnosed HIV-positive adults, who have had no previous treatment.The findings of two large international randomized trials to be published on Friday's Lancet says the new \"Quad\" pill is faster acting, doesn't have the neuropsychiatric side-effects associated with other combinations, and could improve compliance with treatment.Patient adherence to medication is vital, especially for patients with HIV, where missed doses can quickly lead to the virus becoming resistant to medication.Older HIV treatment regimens involve taking several pills multiple times a day. Paul Sax from Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, lead author of the first study, said, \"Our results provide an additional highly potent, well-tolerated treatment option and highlight the simplicity of treatment resulting from combining several antiretrovirals in a single pill.\"Sax said studies have shown that single pill treatments improve both adherence and patient satisfaction and help prevent prescription errors, helping reducing the likelihood of treatment failure and drug resistance.The first trial randomly assigned 700 patients from centres across North America to start treatment with two different single tablet regimens \u2014 either Quad, combining the new integrase inhibitor elvitegravir (EVG) boosted with cobicistat (a new pharmacoenhancer COBI) plus FTC/TDF, or a gold standard regimen approved by the FDA in 2006, combining EFV/FTC/TDF (also known as Atripla).After 48 weeks of treatment, 88% of patients given Quad suppressed viral loads to undetectable levels (less than 50 copies per mL of blood), compared with 84% in the EFV/FTC/TDF group.Adverse events that led to patients discontinuing treatment were infrequent and similar in both groups.Mild nausea was more common with Quad, but patients were less likely to have dizziness, abnormal dreams, insomnia, and rash compared with the EFV/FTC/TDF regimen.The second trial included 708 treatment-naive adults from 146 medical centres across Australia, Europe, North America and Thailand. Patients were randomly assigned to receive once-daily Quad or a popular and recommended twice-daily combination of ritonavir-boosted atazanavir (ATV/RTV) plus FTC/TDF.The primary endpoint, to achieve viral levels below 50 copies per mL of blood by week 48, was reached by 90% of people in the Quad group compared with 87% in the ATV/RTV/FTC/TDF group.The safety of the two regimens was also similar with only 3.7% of patients stopping treatment in the Quad group and 5.1% of patients in the ATV/RTV/FTC/TDF group.If approved by regulatory agencies, the Quad would be the first once-daily single-tablet regimen containing an HIV integrase inhibitor.Administration of multiple pills and management of additional prescriptions increases complexity, costs for patients, and the chances of poor or partial adherence. For regimens of the same efficacy, total pill burden and dosing frequency are some of the most significant obstacles to achieving high adherence.\"The EVG/COBI/FTC/TDF single-tablet regimen is undergoing regulatory review; if approved, it would provide an important new treatment option as the only once-daily, integrase-inhibitor-based, single-tablet regimen for initial treatment of patients with HIV,\" the study added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480801", "title": "Why are belt shops thriving in state?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government's veiled encouragement of mushrooming belt shops even as it charges exorbitant licence fees is being seen as one of the prime factors for the wan response to the government's notification to award retail liquor licences.\"When the government is not preventing the proliferation of belt shops, why would anyone want to procure a licence that costs crores of rupees? I think that the indirect encouragement that these belt shops are receiving is the main reason for the traders' indifference,\" said an excise dealer.Belt shops, which are nothing but illegal extensions of a licenced liquor outlet, seem to be thriving despite government's claims of a crackdown against them. As against 6,596 licensed outlets, an estimated two lakh belt shops are said to be operating in the state.With the existing licences slated to expire on June 30 and only 5,703 licences to be handed out under the new policy, which is effective July 1, it is quite likely that the new regime will see a proliferation of these belt shops.\"We expected the government to announce stringent measures to curb belt shops and benami liquor sellers. But the new policy is mute on these issues; this shows how the government is only keen on earning higher revenues through liquor sales with no intention of curbing any irregularities,\" said OM Debara, a civil society member who has moved high court against liquor syndicates.For an example, he cited a recent circular issued by the excise commissioner asking district collectors to monitor liquor sales within their respective jurisdictions to see to it that no non-duty paid liquor was sold at licensed outlets and belt shops. \"The circular was an indirect licence to the belt shops,\" he added.Admitting that revenue collection was the priority, an excise official said that his department would not be too strict on belt shops. \"We have to encourage sales in order to reach the revenue target; the belt shops are effective vehicles. In fact, we wanted to legalize these belt shops but that decision was put on hold due to political reasons,\" the official said.While the excise department's revenue earnings were Rs 13,000 crore for the financial year 2011-12, the target for the current fiscal is an estimated Rs 16,000 crore.For the AP Wine Dealers' Association, it is the high licence fee which is proving prohibitive. \"I agree that there we might see more belt shops opening up in the days to come. But that forecast has nothing to do with there being only a handful of applications. The dealers didn't come forward because of the high license fees,\" said an office bearer of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14480427", "title": "Anger and bonhomie at Mamata-Gurung meet", "text": "KOLKATA: After an hour-long meeting with chief minister Mamata Banerjee , peppered with \"heated exchanges\", Gorkha Janmukti Morcha chief Bimal Gurung vowed that his party would win all 45 seats in the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration election.\"Let anyone participate in the election, be it CPM, Congress or Trinamool. If we contest, we will win all 45 seats. Otherwise I will retire from politics,\" he said. The bickering, apparently, was over the Trinamool Congress' wish to contest the GTA polls. \"This is the issue over which we had some misunderstandings,\" Gurung confirmed. \"We helped Trinamool win seats in Siliguri and Dooars. Now, too, we should have some relationship,\" he said, emphasizing that the Morcha would contest all GTA seats. The formal decision on participation in the election will be taken at a meeting of the GJM core committee in Darjeeling on Saturday.Despite the wrangling, Gurung seemed in a conciliatory mode, reposing faith in the fact-finding committee into the Justice Shyamal Sen report, and hinting that the Morcha may go with Mamata in the Presidential polls.\"We had heated exchanges, but there were good discussions, too. Sometimes heated exchanges are also necessary,\" Gurung said. The Morcha delegation included Darjeeling municipality chairman Amar Rai, Morcha Study Forum member Ram Bhujel, GJM central committee member P T Ola and Kurseong MLA Rohit Sharma.The main purpose of the meeting was to record the objections which GJM had on the report of the Shyamal Sen committee on inclusion of Dooars and Terai mouzas in GTA. \"Whatever objections we have on the Shyamal Sen report we will give in writing to the state government,\" Gurung said. Union home minister P Chidambaram, too, had advised him to approach the state government on their objections regarding the Shyamal Sen report.Gurung said GJM was prepared to wait for the report of the fact verification committee, set up by the government to scrutinize the Sen Committee report. \"We are keeping faith on the fact verification committee,\" he said, adding that he was not linking their participation in the GTA election with the verification committee report. \"Elections come and go,\" he said.On the upcoming Presidential poll, GJM could back the chief minister's decision, Gurung indicated. \"We will go with the decision the state government will take,\" he said.Gurung asked the chief minister to recruit Gorkhaland Personnel (GLP) cadres in the state police. During his meeting with Chidambaram, he demanded that GLP youths be absorbed in the Army and central paramilitary forces. The GTA agreement had commitments about GLP and this should be honoured, Gurung said. Though the estimate of GLP keeps varying, Gurung said 13,500 of them were staying in camps.Gurung didn't attach much importance to Gorkha National Liberation Front president Subash Ghisingh, saying he did not have a following in the hills any longer. \"I am the representative of the Hills,\" he said, dismissing Ghisingh's court case against the GTA act as a \"secondary issue\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14480847", "title": "Parties play politics over disabled athlete rape", "text": "Malda: Three days have passed since the speech and hearing-impaired athlete was raped by an auto driver at Hemtabad, but tension over the incident has refused to die down as different political parties are coming up with new campaigns every day, claiming to provide support to the victim.Police had arrested Ranjit Das, the accused, the very next day on the basis of a complaint filed by the victim. However, Ranjit's allegiance to the ruling party stoked a controversy after he was sent to jail custody on June 26. Opposition parties smelt a rat and cried foul over the \"attitude of police.\" They said Ranjit should have been sent to police custody.The CPM, led by district secretary Bireswar Lahiri, took out a rally on Thursday at Hemtabad and demanded exemplary punishment for the accused. \"We fear the police would water down the case since the accused is a Trinamool supporter. It is evident by police's attitude as the accused, who committed such a heinous crime, was not taken in police custody,\" Lahiri fumed. CPM supporters met the Hemtabad BDO later in the day and demanded the same. CPM's youth wing DYFI took out a similar rally at Balurghat and Gangarampore of South Dinajpur as well.District Child Welfare Committee chairman Sunil Bhoumik on Thursday met the girl at her house and assured of help.On Wednesday, Congress had taken out a silent procession in protest of the incident. Congress-led Panchayet Samity's sabhapati Sibani Majumder met the girl and vowed to stand by her side.District Trinamool leadership, however, steered clear of the controversy by dissociating itself from the accused. \"Das has never been in our party. He was under the fold of CPM. Now CPM is playing dirty politics over such an inhuman issue. We, too, want exemplary punishment of such a criminal,\" said Amal Acharya, MLA and district Trinamool president. Officer in charge of Hemtabad police station hijit Dutta claimed there was no effort of make the case light. \"We had enough evidence of the rape and so there was no need of taking him in police custody any more,\" he reasoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14476500", "title": "Blood sugar test for Rs 2, in 10 seconds", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is all set to unveil a path-breaking test for diabetes that will save both money and blood.The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) is almost ready with a new digital finger-pricking blood sugar machine that will not require repeated use of testing strips. Significantly, it will cost less than Rs 2 per blood sample and require 1,000 times lesser blood than what glucose meters use now. Even better, it will take only 10 seconds to know your blood glucose count.Being developed by professor of biological sciences at BITS-Pilani, Dr Suman Kapur, the test will undergo final evaluation by July 15 and is expected to be ready for mass production by December.This low-cost rapid test will be a boon for India which plans to test five crore people for diabetes by the end of this year. India plans to screen all adult males above 30 years of age and pregnant women of all age groups for diabetes and hypertension in 100 districts across 21 states.Now, India is home to over 61 million diabetics \u2014 an increase from 50.8 million last year. By 2030, India's diabetes burden is expected to cross the 100 million mark.The country is also the largest contributor to regional mortality with 983,000 deaths attributable to the disease last year.Speaking to TOI from the US, Dr Kapur said, \"Our device is as handy as a glucometre but with a different chemistry. The major aim was to make a pocket-size glucose testing device that is affordable and can be used for mass screening. Diabetics are required to test their blood often, each time costing around Rs 25. Our test will bring the cost down to below Rs 2. Also we will require just 1 or 2 picolitre of blood which is 1,000 times lower that what is required now.\"So how will the new device work?Once we prick the finger with a needle, the red blood cells from the blood that flows in will be trapped and the plasma will be allowed to pass through. \"The machine will react right there and produce a colour corresponding to glucose levels. We are using nano particles to intensify the colour using a colour to frequency censor. Then, the reading will show up on the device. The major advancement will be on the sensitivity,\" added Dr Kapur, who is also dean of research at BITS-Pilani.He said the test has been successfully tried with human samples. \"We are working on the reading device which will be the size of a cellphone. Instead of strips that glucometres use now, our machine will use a capillary (small hollow pie) which will cost Rs 2 every time a diabetic tests h/his blood,\" he added.Dr Chandra Sekhar from the ICMR said, \"We will validate the technology by July 15. This will be a major advancement in diabetes testing.\" ICMR has put in Rs 25 lakh in grants over two years to develop the test.A health ministry official said, \"The best way to detect abnormal BP and high blood sugar levels is to conduct mass screening. This will give us a clear picture of the prevalence of diabetes in the population.\"Sources said when ICMR negotiated with companies for a million diabetes strips, and the lowest quote it received was Rs 13 per strip. \"If this comes down to less than Rs 2, it will be a massive breakthrough,\" the official added.International Diabetes Federation said India's prevalence of diabetes among 20-79 year olds is 9.2%. IDF's latest diabetes atlas said, \"India will face one of the toughest struggles against diabetes in the region. India also accounts for most of the 112,000 children in the region with Type-1 diabetes.\"Dhruba Lall Singh, chair of IDF's South-East Asia region, said, \"India is obviously a large concern.\" IDF said the total number of people with diabetes globally in 2011 reached a staggering 366 million with 4.6 million deaths. Healthcare spending on diabetes has reached $465 billion. New figures indicate that the number of people living with diabetes is expected to rise to 552 million by 2030, if no urgent action is taken. This equates to approximately three new cases every 10 seconds or almost 10 million per year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14480148", "title": "GTU punishes over 70 students for cheating", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Examination reforms committee of the Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has punished 71, out of the 78 students who were caught copying during the varsity exams conducted between May 8 and 29. Of these, 36 students have been failed in all the subjects and will not be allowed to appear for exams for the next two semesters.In addition, three students were declared failed in subjects during the exam of which they were caught copying. Of the rest, 32 students were declared to have flunked in all the subjects and will be disbarred from taking the exam for one semester. A varsity official said that seven students were declared innocent and the charges were withdrawn after no evidence of copying was found against them. The result of these students will be declared soon. The official said that students who were caught copying in the second phase of exams, conducted by the GTU from May 30 to June 6, will be directed to remain present for hearing and present their cases. Over 120 students were caught copying in the second phase of exams. These students have been sent the time and place for hearing by speed post.Majority of the students caught copying are from different branches of engineering. Also, most of them are boys while there are 10-odd girls who too were caught red-handed either sneaking answers from neighboring student or copying from a paper chit.The official said that girls generally make emotional scenes in front of members of the exam reform committee during the hearing. \"Almost all of them say that their prospects of marriage will be ruined if they are proven to have caught copying. They plead with us not to punish them to salvage their chances of marriage,\" said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14477130", "title": "Parents, students protest stoppage of school bus service", "text": "NAGPUR: The new academic session did not start well for around 60,000 students in various private and NMC run schools. Reason: City bus service has discontinued its dedicated school bus operation. This discontinuation of school bus services by city bus operator Vansh Nimay has put the students and parents to a lot of difficulty and many students are unable to go to schools, affecting their studies.The problem is acute for the students whose schools or colleges are located far away from the city like Modern School (Koradi branch), School of Scholars, Sandipani (Dabha), Raisoni, Palloti etc. \"Most of the schools are situated outside city limits and they don't have transportation facilities,\" rued parents. Going more than 10 kms and coming back by an auto is not feasible, they pointed out.Businessman Nitin Jaiswal wondered how the operator could shut down the service without any notice. \"We don't know when it will restart. Parents have to go far to drop their children and it is very troublesome to manage this daily. We are trying to find a solution to this and a group of parents are talking to the authorities concerned for restarting the bus service,\" Jaiswal added.Another parent M B Katariya said the bus service was a boon for many. \"Now it has become very difficult for us to drop and pick up our kids from the school. It takes almost one and a half hours to make one trip to Modern School Koradi and come back.\" The parents are worried as their wards are not able to attend the classes due to absence of public transport.\"It has been four days that my child is not going to the school. Studies are being hampered. In a big city like ours, public transport is a basic need. Autos are not at all safe and are also expensive. Going 18 kms by an auto and coming back is not feasible,\" said another parent requesting anonymity.Many parents had approached the operator but did not get any assurance about resumption of services. \"Different reasons were given to each parent like shortage of buses, technical problems, no instructions from higher authorities, meeting with RTO and collector etc,\" pointed out a central government employee Vikas Kumre.\"Small kids, especially students of Class-I, are unable to travel in general buses as they are always overcrowded. It is impossible to board these buses with 5 to 8 kg schoolbag, tiffin and umbrella,\" complained Rajan Solanki, a parent.Manager of Vansh Nimay Mahesh Kandalkar explained the service was stopped due to specific instruction from NMC not to ply special buses for schools. He also said that private school bus operators had raised objection to their service saying it did not follow the norms being laid down for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14497821", "title": "IBM India likely to give salary increment", "text": "BANGALORE: IBM is likely to give a salary increment to its employees in India next month.Early on Thursday, international media reported about a mail that IBM had sent to employees, saying those in the global technology services (GTS) division would not receive a salary increment this year. However, the mail also said people \"who have high-demand skills\" would receive an increment .Sources within IBM India indicated that \"high-demand skills\" refers, among others, to employees in India . The sources said that the performance assessment exercise had been completed and increments were expected across the organization in India next month. IBM follows a July-June cycle. \"For the best performers, the increment may be in double digits ,\" one source said.IBM does not break up its headcount by geography, but it is estimated that the company employs over 1.3 lakh people in India. The company has been an aggressive hirer in India for several years. With several Indian IT companies - the one prominent exception being Infosys Technologies - announcing salary increments earlier this year, it may be difficult for IBM not to follow suit.In an email to employees, Bob Zapfel, general manager in IBM's global technology services, North America, said, \"To balance our ability to remain competitive with the need to invest in people who have high-demand skills, there will not be a broad-based salary program in GTS in 2012. Instead, we will target the 2012 investment to skill groups or focus areas as identified by each GTS line of business, based on local market needs...Our objective is to ensure a competitive labor cost structure while moving aggressively into areas that are strategic to our clients and require innovative solutions.\"GTS is a services division within IBM that helps clients to plan, implement and manage its IT infrastructure.The news about the salary freeze had Big Blue employees venting their anger on Alliance@IBM website, the union representing Big Blue workers. The anger was more so because it had recently asked its employees in the US to sign up for a voluntary retirement programme.The website has employees criticizing IBM for shipping jobs to low-cost destinations like India and Brazil. Alliance@IBM estimates that the US workforce has reduced to 94,000 in 2012, from 133,789 in 2005. Globally, the company employs 4.5 lakh people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14500435", "title": "Will Vinayak\u2019s sentiment work for Cherry?", "text": "Director VV Vinayak's new movie starring mega power star Ram Charan is tentatively titled \"Cherry\". The makers have not finalized any title for the film but certain sections of the media have reported that the makers have confirmed \"Cheery\" as the title.Vinayak few years back directed stylish star Allu Arjun for the film \"Bunny\", which happens to be the pet name of Allu Arjun. The film was a big hit and Bunny registered his first commercial success at the Tollywood box office. Similarly, \"Cherry\" is Ram Charan's pet name and if Vinayak can stick to its name, well, you never know, the film can become a big hit too like \"Bunny\". So will Vinayak stick to the title Cherry? Let's wait and see!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14477314", "title": "Delhi teacher victim of another honour killing", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 26-year-old teacher was strangled by her family in Sultanpuri area for daring to marry a man of a so-called lower caste. This shocking case of honour killing comes exactly two years after the Ashok Vihar triple murder, which exposed how girls in the nation's capital are still trapped in dark ages.The Sultanpuri honour killing was hushed up for two months, but the case unfolded after the woman's boyfriend tirelessly pursued the police.The victim, Deepti Chikara, was strangled by her brother while her mother and uncle pinned her down. This, after she walked out of her five-month-old marriage with an engineer and vowed to marry a man of another caste.Deepti was married in January, but returned home within a month of the wedding.Kanjhawala resident Deepti Chikara, 26, had spurned at least three marriage proposals before being forced into a fourth.But her heart lay elsewhere, much to the dislike of her family. Her marriage did not last long as she walked out of it and married a man from a so-called lower caste.Following an argument on the night of April 19, her mother, brother and an uncle strangled her at 9pm, dumped her in a car and carried her body to Roorkee where it was tossed into a canal. Despite Uttarkhand and Delhi Police launching a massive search operations, Deepti's body could not be traced.While the mother Veermati (50), and her son Mohit (22) have been arrested, the uncle Amit is still on the run.Though the family tried to hush up Deepti's disappearance, her boyfriend, a software professional, shot off several emails to the police headquarters asking cops to check on her whereabouts. \"When police went to the house on May 23, the family claimed they did not know about her movements. Two days later, they approached the Kanjhawala police station and lodged a missing complaint. Police launched an investigation after family members gave conflicting statements and residents tipped off police about their suspicious movements. The accused were arrested late on Tuesday,\" said Tajinder Luthra, joint CP (Northern Range).Police said the family dumped the body on April 19 and returned the next morning. When Deepti's father, Karpur Singh was told about the murder, he chose to remain quiet, sources said. Police are undecided whether to arrest him. A police team is camping in Roorkee to trace Deepti's body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14481413", "title": "Court raises eyebrows over acute encephalitis syndrome deaths", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court has taken strong exception to the death of over 100 children in the state due to acute encephalitis syndrome ( AES) during the last one month.A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh on Thursday rejected a report submitted by the government on the matter and directed the government to file within four weeks a fresh report listing the steps taken so far to check the disease.A petition was filed in this connection by Dhirendra Kumar. The petition alleged lapses on the part of the government and the doctors in providing prompt treatment to the ailing children. The court was also informed the state government initiated a move to procure vaccines from the Centre after the death of many children.Petitioner's lawyer Sunil Kumar informed the court that immunization was not done properly. Also, many doctors, deputed to Anugrah Narayan Magadh Medical College and Hospital, Gaya, either did not report for duty or went back after their deputation was cancelled. Additional advocate general-3 Rai Shivajinath informed the court about the deputation of doctors, immunization of children and fogging in the affected areas.Salary payment: A division bench of the high court compromising Justice Shivkirti Singh and Justice Vikas Jain on Thursday directed the officials concerned of the state assembly secretariat to pay salary to the grade IV employees of the state assembly within two weeks. The court passed the order on a contempt petition of Sanjay Kumar Singh and others. These employees have not been given salary for last three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14499756", "title": "Pranab to campaign in Karnataka on July 1", "text": "BANGALORE: UPA's presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee will campaign in Karnataka on July 1.Mukherjee will meet Congress MPs, MLAs and MLCs in the party office, KPCC president G Parameshwara told reporters here.Congress has six MPs, 71 MLAs and 17 MLCs who are part of the electoral college from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14481727", "title": "International cricket stadium in Lucknow right on track", "text": "LUCKNOW: Housing department of Uttar Pradesh will soon invite bids for selection of consultant for international cricket stadium and cricket academy project at Lucknow. The decision was taken at a high level government meeting chaired by infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, Anil K Gupta and attended by senior officials of departments of housing, finance, sports and Lucknow Development Authority among others.Elaborating about the government's decision, Gupta said, \"Selected consultant will be asked to prepare a financially attractive plan along with techno-economic report within a stipulated timeline to attract the best players in stadium construction. It is one of the dream projects of chief minister and the state government is committed to implement it through public private partnership on a priority basis,\" he added.Aimed at promoting sports culture and getting the due place for Uttar Pradesh in international cricketing map, the first phase will include construction of international cricket stadium and cricket academy in about 50 acres of area. The estimated project cost is around Rs 300 crore, while the proposed stadium will have a seating capacity of around 50,000.The selected consultant will be required to prepare and develop appropriate and workable model and phasing of various provisions for development of international cricket stadium and cricket academy in Lucknow on PPP mode. The consultant shall also lead the government in the selection of most preferred developer for execution of the project including bid process management.In the second phase, it is proposed to develop additional sports infrastructure for indoor games, aquatics, hockey, football , and track and field disciplines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14493652", "title": "Bangla nationals were among four theives held", "text": "KANPUR: Four thieves, including two Bangladesh nationals, were arrested in connection with several cases of theft which took place in the city in the past few months. The Bangladesh nationals were identified as Abdul Qadir and Nanak. Rubil, a resident of Kolkata and Gaurav of Kardua in Fatehpur were the other two thieves.The Kalyanpur police got a tip-off that a few persons were moving around suspiciously near Lodheshwar temple. The cops detained them. During interrogation, the four revealed that they hail from other places and lived in a rented house in Kalyanpur. The police recovered tools, which they use to commit theft. They were sent to jail.Suicide: Mystery shrouds the death of an 18-year-old girl in Barra on Wednesday night. Priya, daughter of Anil Kumar, a resident of Gunjan Vihar Barra hanged herself to death from the ceiling in her room on Wednesday night. The Barra police said that no suicide note was found. Her family members said that she had a tiff with them over a minor issue the same night. After preliminary investigations, the body was sent was post-mortem examination. Accident: A man died in an accident in Billhaur on Wednesday night. He was identified as Naresh Chandra Katiyar, a resident of Kasamau in Shivrajpur. He was going to Billhaur on a twowheeler which was hit by a speeding tanker. Naresh died instantly.Arrest: The Special Operation Group on Thursday arrested a criminal, Veeru Sonkar, a resident of Tiwaribagh in Allahabad, near Parade trisection and seized a country made pistol and two live cartridges from him. Daraganj police said Sonkar had come to sell off the pistol and was arrested by SOG when he was waiting for the customer. A case has been registered in the same regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475702", "title": "ATS gets transfer warrant for Abu Jundal", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ATS) on Wednesday obtained a transfer warrant from a magisterial court here for seeking custody of Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist Sayed Zabiuddin alias Abu Jundal from New Delhi.Magistrate S S Bose passed the order for issuing warrant against Jundal on a plea filed by the ATS as he is one of the six absconding suspects in the German bakery bomb blast case. The blast had killed 17 people and injured 64 at Koregaon Park on February 13, 2010.Jundal was arrested on June 21 for allegedly planning the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks.Deputy inspector general of police (ATS) Sanjay Latkar told TOI on Thursday that Jundal was involved in three cases in Maharashtra - the Mumbai terror attacks, Aurangabad arms haul case and the German bakery blast. Latkar said, \"Other agencies are also trying to get Jundal's custody. We don't know how long we will have to wait for seeking his custody from New Delhi.\"ATS said that Jundal had trained Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig, the main suspect in the bakery blast case, to assemble explosive devices and cause explosions.The ATS had arrested Baig and filed chargesheet against him before a Pune court. He is wanted accused no. six in the chargesheet. A non-bailable warrant issued against him could not be executed as his whereabouts were not known. He was also declared as a proclaimed offender under sections 82 and 83 of the Criminal Procedure Code.Jundal is being described as the 'handler' of the 10 gunmen who carried out the 26/11 Mumbai attacks which claimed 165 lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14484111", "title": "Injecting oxygen to keep patients alive", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can't breathe? No worries. Now, oxygen can now be injected.In a major breakthrough, a team of doctors, chemical engineers and particle scientists from Boston Children's Hospital has designed tiny, gas-filled microparticles that can be injected directly into the bloodstream to quickly oxygenate the blood. This will be a boon for patients unable to breathe because of acute lung failure or an obstructed airway needing another way to get oxygen to their blood to avoid cardiac arrest and brain injury.Scientists report that an infusion of these microparticles into rabbits with low blood oxygen levels restored blood oxygen saturation to near-normal levels within seconds. When the trachea was completely blocked, the infusion kept the animals alive for 15 minutes without a single breath and reduced the incidence of cardiac arrest and organ injury.Announcing this in the journal of Science Translational Medicine, John Kheir of the Department of Cardiology said the microparticle solutions are portable and could stabilize patients in emergency situations, buying time for paramedics to more safely place a breathing tube or perform other life-saving therapies.\"This is a short-term oxygen substitute \u2014 a way to safely inject oxygen gas \u2014 to support patients during a critical few minutes. Eventually, this could be stored in syringes on every code cart in a hospital , ambulance or transport helicopter to help stabilize patients who are having difficulty breathing. The microparticles would likely only be administered for 15 to 30 minutes, as they are carried in fluid that would otherwise overload the blood,\" he said.The particles are different from blood substitutes. Instead, the microparticles are designed for situations in which lungs are completely incapacitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475158", "title": "One more sonography centre sealed", "text": "PUNE: State health officials sealed one more sonograpy centre in rural parts of the district on Thursday for violating various provisions of the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prevention of Sex Determination) Act (PCPNDT).\"The gynaecologist, who was running the centre, did not maintain proper record of the tests conducted. There were manydiscrepancies in the mandatory filing of the Form F as well,\" said K B Batte, medical superintendent of the Rural Hospital in Shirur.District civil surgeon Vinayak More said, \"We are going to file a criminal case against the doctor for violation of the Act.\"More added: \"Out of the 381 sonography centres in the district, 141 erring centres have been closed down since July 2011, while 11 criminal cases were lodged against doctors and sonography centre owners.\"Following several incidents of female foeticide in Beed and surrounding areas, the state chief secretary has ordered health officials and municipal corporation officials to carry out inspection drives and take action against erring sonography and medical termination of pregnancy centres. The Food and Drug Administration was told to check the misuse of abortion drugs.Since the beginning of the drive, the state health department has sealed 196 sonography centres and derecognised 313 MTP centres in the state. \"So far, 508 sonography and abortion centres have been found to be at fault in the state. We have sought explanation from them for several irregularities, like not maintaining records and not taking licences to run the centres. Criminal complaints will be filed in cases of serious infringements,\" said Asaram Khade, assistant director of state health department.Of the 196 erring sonography centres, 24 are in Nashik, followed by Aurangabad (18), Hingoli (10), Washim (8), Jalgaon (8), Ahmednagar (7), Ulhasnagar (6) and Buldhana (6). Four centres were sealed in Pune city and one was in the rural area.Of the 313 MTP centres found to be at fault, Thane has the highest 146 erring MTP centres, followed by Nashik (77), Akola (38) and Aurangabad (28). As many as four MTP centre were found to be at fault in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480321", "title": "NIA had filed case against Abu Jundal days ahead of his arrest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost 13 days before Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal was brought to India, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) had officially got on his trail. On June 8, it registered an FIR against Ansari and his Aurangabad arms haul case associate Fayyaz Kagzi for being part of a terror organization.The FIR was filed based on information that Kagzi and Jundal were trying to organize explosives for certain LeT and Indian Mujahideen operatives in India to carry out attacks in Delhi and Mumbai.Both Jundal and Kagzi have been charged under Sections 18 and 20 (for being part of terror organization) of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA). The FIR does not mention the conspiracy in great detail nor does it identify the LeT and IM operatives who were supposed to be provided the explosives.Given the timing of the FIR, sources said the exercise may have been in pursuit of ensuring that NIA got Jundal's custody to investigate the larger conspiracy in the 26/11 attacks as it is probing LeT's US-born jihadi David Coleman Headley's involvement in the strike. The second purpose, sources said, was to strengthen India's case for deportation before Jundal, living in Saudi Arabia on a Pakistani passport, was brought to India.Notably, agencies had faced lot of problems while getting gangster Abu Salem to India in the absence of a strong case against him in Mumbai.Sources said NIA received information from credible sources about Jundal and Kagzi's plans that had been in the making for over a year. Once the information was verified and found to be true, the FIR was filed. The NIA special court took cognizance of the case on June 11.Immediately after this, the agency rushed a team to Maharashtra to collect information on Kagzi and Jundal who belong to the Beed district of the state. The team is learnt to have visited the houses of the two and questioned their relatives apart from investigating if either was in touch with someone suspicious there in the past one year.The development has added another angle to the custody battle between Mumbai and Delhi police for Jundal. Now, NIA too is pushing for Jundal's custody and sources said, if anything, it has a stronger case against Jundal compared to Delhi Police.Both Kagzi and Jundal are accused in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case as main conspirators. Both managed to escape the clutches of the Maharashtra ATS at that time and fled to Pakistan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475713", "title": "Youth, girl attempt suicide in lodge", "text": "PUNE: A 22-year-old youth from the Kasewadi slums and his 17-year-old female friend allegedly attempted to commit suicide by consuming poison and by cutting their wrists in a lodge near Hadapsar on Thursday afternoon.Senior inspector Raghunath Jadhav of the Hadapsar police station told TOI that the incident took place around 1.30 pm on Thursday. The parents of the youth and the girl informed the police that their children attempted suicide in a lodge. \"Our team rushed to the spot and found both of them lying in a pool of blood,\" Jadhav said.A doctor from the hospital told TOI that both the youth and the girl had cut their left wrists with a piece of glass. They had also consumed some insecticide. \"They were treated in the intensive care unit of the hospital and later shifted to the Sassoon hospital,\" the doctor said.Jadhav said the investigations revealed that after the suicide attempt, the duo informed their parents about it, who alerted the police. \"We are yet to ascertain the reason behind the suicide attempt. Both reside in Kasewadi slums in Bhavani Peth,\" Jadhav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14483455", "title": "High Court scraps green nod for pvt power unit", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major jolt to the 355MW gas-based power project being set up by real estate baron Niranjan Hiranandani at Talegaon near Pune, the Bombay high court on Thursday set aside all environmental clearances and permissions granted to it.Justice D Y Chandrachud, in an order he dictated for four hours in an open court, scrapped all approvals necessary for the launch of the project which is being set up by Hindustan Electricity Generation Co Pvt Ltd and sent it back to get permissions from scratch.The ruling came on a PIL filed by the gram panchayat of Navlakh Umbre, a village near Pune, whose advocate Sartaj Shaikh and Delhi-based counsels Sultan Singh and Hari Pillai stressed that the project would affect the villagers.Power plant will hurt water supply to villages: PILIn their PIL against the 355MW gas-based power project being set up by Niranjan Hiranandani in Talegaon, the petitioners said apart from various environmental violations, the project would seriously hurt the supply and availability of surface water for villagers. The power plant admittedly requires, and will be supplied, 3.5 million litres of water per day even as neighbouring villages go thirsty.While the PIL said the permissions were granted on reports whose authenticity or research were questionable, Navroz Seervai senior counsel for the company, contended that the permissions granted were all in order and within legal parameters.Niranjan Hiranandani, when contacted by TOI, said, \"This is yet one more delay (to the project). I have still to get all the details about the court order and discuss them with my lawyers to decide what to do next. But I will wait for regular permissions for the project.\"According to the PIL, there are nine streams in Navlakh Umbre and five in Badalwadi, and any blockage or diversion in them is bound to cause disturbance in the surface water. \"There is hardly enough water for human consumption, yet a power plant is being proposed with no involvement of the locals on their water needs,\" it said. The petition added that in 2008, agreements to sell land were entered into between Mumbai-based M/s Helios Constructions Pvt. Ltd and a few villagers of Navlakh Umbre. The land was to be used for a township or SEZ and other commercial purposes.In 2009, Hindustan Electricity Generation Company Pvt Ltd was incorporated and that September HEGCPL, a part of the Hiranandani Group, submitted a proposal to the state expert appraisal committee (SEAC) for environment clearance for its proposed 355MW power plant. A month later, the committee approved the draft terms of reference given by the company. The following month, the firm sought a public hearing before the state Pollution Control Board for the proposed project.The villagers opposed the \"highhanded public hearing\" and sent in their protests over the harmful effect the project would have on the villages and opposed the felling of trees on the land for the project. However, in April 2010 the SEAC recommended the company's proposal for grant of prior environmental clearance. The HC was told that no comprehensive environmental study was done and the environment impact assessment report submitted by the company in November 2009 was \"based on baseline data collected a year-and-a-half earlier\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480721", "title": "GHMC to blacklist 'sluggish' contractors", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) commissioner MT Krishna Babu has directed engineering officials to blacklist contractors who have not completed nala desilting and carting works as per the schedule.Speaking at a review meeting on various works taken up by the corporation on Thursday, the commissioner said imposing fines on contractors would not serve any purpose and directed officials to blacklist them from participating in bids next year for the same works. He also asked the officials to remove all encroachments on nalas before taking up desilting.On works for the upcoming convention on biodiversity, Krishna Babu asked the chief engineer to personally inspect footpath improvement works and start drain works immediately.The commissioner asked the zonal and deputy commissioners to personally monitor sanitation works and movement of garbage vehicles. Officials were also told to raid manufacturing units and traders violating plastic ban.The commissioner directed the town planning, health and vigilance wings to book cases against people who dump debris in nalas and deface public property during nights and impose Rs 10,000 fine on the culprits. He asked the health wing officials to take up a special drive to remove existing debris on the roads and remove posters and banners from public properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14476861", "title": "Cops seized 1,000 litres of illegal kerosene", "text": "AMRAVATI: Crime branch sleuths raided the house of two persons and seized 1,000 litres of kerosene stacked illegally.Crime branch sleuths received a tip-off that both Mohammad Jujar Mohammad Hussain and Tausif Khan Abdul Rehman had illegally stored kerosene in their houses. Two squads raided the house of Jujar and Tausif in Gavalipura and found 25, 35 and 50 litre cans and a 200 litre drum. Police seized 23 cans from Jujar's house while 16 cans and three drums (of 200 litre each) from Tausif's house.Jujar and Tausif did not have kerosene license required for buying or selling kerosene. Police have booked the duo under relevant section of Essential Commodities Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14476981", "title": "Nagpur University members want judicial probe", "text": "NAGPUR: Upset over the inefficiency of Nagpur University vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and his team in handling the BCCA paper leak issue, first exposed by TOI, some management council members have written to chancellor K Sankaranarayanan to institute a judicial enquiry into the affair.They pointed out that the paper leak has caused serious damage to the fair name and credibility of the university and it would also jeopardize the fate and future of its student in a big way. \"It is a matter of serious concern that the happenings are not only unfortunate, they are also patronized and articulated by the VC. It turns out to be a fittest case of fence eating the farm,\" members told TOI.The members wanted the chancellor to invoke his authority and jurisdiction vested in terms of Section 9(3)(b) of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, and call for a report and records relating to the issue of paper leak, and the subsequent role of the VC in dealing with it. They also appealed to him to issue necessary directions in the interest of the university and its students. \"The chancellor should institute an independent enquiry, preferably the judicial one, to probe Sapkal's role in entire episode and his alleged wrongdoings to suppress and subvert the issue,\" the members said.Citing the chronology of events that first led to the denial and then admission of leak, the members stated that all this has raised serious questions and doubts on VC's intention along with his team and supporters as to why such a vital matter was being suppressed and declaration of the results and withdrawal of the FIR was being advocated.Citing TOI's report of April 22 that first exposed the leak, the members stated that even after the newspaper had published handwritten copies of leaked paper, the NU administration deliberately tried to suppress the issue and instead blamed the media of fabricating the issue.They added that when findings of chancellor nominee Sanjay Khadakkar confirmed the leak and on that report FIR was lodged, why the decision to withdraw it was taken suddenly raising many doubts over integrity of those in administration. \"The report was sidelined and a shadow committee comprising those who opposed the leak was constituted to suppress the issue,\" they claimed.\"He was alerted and made aware of the several breaches that he was deliberately causing resulting in gross abuse of the authority and the office vested with him, especially in the context of duty cast on him under Section 14(5) of the Act. Yet his committed initiative to act otherwise inevitably makes anyone conclude that he was definitely committed to protecting the guilt and the guilty as well at the cost of fair name and credibility of the university,\" they alleged.The members claimed that the leakage of the question paper definitely was a slur but more than that the role of VC was even murkier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14483852", "title": "ACB team tightens noose to nail \u2018tainted\u2019 IPS officer", "text": "AJMER: The investigating team working on the case of IPS officer Ajay Singh on Thursday has begun making their case watertight after Singh's bail was rejected. The team on Thursday went to the Ajmer Central Jail with the court's permission and demanded a voice sample of the accused ASI Prem Singh. However, Singh rejected the request as it is his right to not say anything if his counsel is not present. Another team also visited the Jaipur Central Jail and asked for handwriting and voice samples of IPS Ajay Singh.The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) is leaving no stone unturned in this case. The investigating officials got permission to arrange for Bhawani Singh's (victim) statement in the judicial court under section 164 CrPc. \"Usually the investigating agency takes statement under section 161 of CrPc but the witnesses could get hostile in the court. If the witness has statement under section 164 on oath and in front of a magistrate that will remain final,\" said an official source.The chief judicial magistrate granted permission to the investigating agency and deputed additional chief judicial magistrate number- two for recording the statement. Sources said that the ACB will bring Bhawani Singh for recording of his statement to the court.The team also went to interrogate Hemant Singh, Prem Singh's nephew where the ACB had recovered the bribe money on June 21 when they raided Ramganj police station and caught Prem Singh red-handed. Investigating agency also decided to question all those people who were interrogated by Ajay Singh in MBD case and get a clue if anyone else was asked for bribe by Singh.A medical board has been constituted for medical examination of ASI Prem Singh who is in the Ajmer Central Jail. \"Prem Singh moved an application in the court demanding medical examination as he is suffering from chest pain,\" said an advocate. The board will give its report to the court after the examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14483249", "title": "TASMAC employees begin two-day fast", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore district Tasmac Employees Association on Thursday began their two-day protest raising various demands.More than 60 employees began their fast in front of the Tamil Nadu Hotel at Gandhipuram from 8am. However, business at all Tasmac outlets went on without disruption.The decision to go on fast was taken during the third state-level meeting of Tasmac employees on June 7 in Tirunelveli, said S Murthy president of Coimbatore district Tasmac Employees Association.\"We want the government to understand our basic demands like regularization of works and increase in salary on a par with state government employees,\" he said.Even though the government announced a wage hike for all Tasmac employees, it was very low. This was despite the government making Rs 18,000 crores in profits, Murthy said.He alleged that the government is refusing to address the long-pending demands of the employees and said the government should fix minimum wage level as per the Companies Act.He also demanded that based on the sales in each shop, the insurance premium for employees should be increased.\"We also want the corporation to have separate sales and cash counters to operate the outlets properly. The outlets should be fully computerized which would help curtail fraudulent practices,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14476673", "title": "SP Deshpande's transfer rakes up controversy anew", "text": "PANAJI: The controversy over transfers of Indian police service (IPS) officers from Goa has not ended. On Wednesday the Union home ministry issued a transfer order relieving special branch SP Atmaram Deshpande and transferring him to Mizoram.Home department sources said the state government received a fax late Wednesday evening from the Union home ministry stating, \"SP Deshpande stands relieved and he should immediately report to Mizoram police.\" This could lead to a clash as the state is reluctant to let Deshpande go. \"Even if the Union home ministry has unilaterally relieved Deshpande, the state government will not relieve him,\" home department sources said.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar is in Delhi to attend a meeting and could take up the issue there. \"Chief minister is likely to meet the Union home minister or officials of the home ministry to discuss the transfers of IPS officers,\" sources said.Deshpande, a Goa police service officer, had been promoted to the IPS last November and been allocated to the Goa segment of the joint AGMU cadre. He was then issued transfer orders and posted to Mizoram. On his request that he be retained in Goa for another year due to personal problems, the state had, in turn, appealed to the Union home ministry to extend Deshpande's services in the state for a year but this had been rejected.Goa has been sanctioned 10 IPS officers. This includes one director general of police (DGP), one inspector general of police (IGP), two deputy inspectors of police (DIGs) and six superintendents of police (SPs). After DIG Ravindra Yadav was transferred recently, both DIG posts have remained vacant. From P 1Last month, Parrikar had taken on the Union home ministry stating that IPS officers will not be given any posting in the state after the Centre relieved Yadav without consulting the state government.Parrikar had also instructed chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava not to give charge to any IPS officer the Centre posted to Goa and advised him to prepare grounds to form a separate IPS cadre for Goa. In the recent reshuffling of SPs, IPS officer SP OP Mishra was allotted a posting.Parrikar had also refused to allot a government bungalow to an IPS officer who has been transferred to Goa without state government consent. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "14482660", "title": "Armed men walk away with murder accused, injure 3 cops", "text": "PANIPAT: Armed men assaulted a police team to free a murder accused, who had been brought here from Hisar jail to sit for an examination on Thursday.The assailants were armed with country-made pistols and iron rods, but they threw chilly powder in the eyes of three cops escorting the accused, Vikram, to an examination centre near Hathwala village of Panipat district. Vikram was to appear for his final year examination. The men also attacked the policemen and fired a few shots in the air before fleeing with Vikram in the direction of Uttar Pradesh. They even took a police carbine loaded with 20 bullets.The policemen, identified as Head Constable Nihal Singh, Constable Baljit Singh and ASI Abhu Ram were taken to Panipat civil hospital, where their condition was stated to be critical.Vikram was booked by the Fatehabad Police last year, on charges of murdering another resident of his native village, Dhollu. He was lodged at Hisar jail and was to appear for the final year examination of B. Tech course which he was pursuing from a private local near Hathwala village in Samalkha block.According to police, he came out of the exam centre within an hour of the commencement of paper and was being taken back to jail when the attack was carried out. They said the police were waiting for a bus at the Hathwala village bus stand when eight to nine persons reached the spot on three motorcycles and beat them up.Panipat SP K K Rao said an alert has been sounded and all routes and possible hideouts are being searched to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14481619", "title": "Land levelling in Trimbakeshwar stops", "text": "NASHIK: The levelling of a private plot of land at the foothill of Brahmagiri in Trimbakeshwar has sparked kicked up a row and work at the site has stopped.The Residents of Trimbakeshwar, including the president of Trimbakeshwar council, have objected to the levelling of the 34 acre privately held land at Brahmagiriin Trimbakeshwar, even as revenue officials have assured that they would look into the issue.to find out if there was any irregularity in the same.The residents of Trimbakeshwar have objected to Ground levelling in Gat No 91 of Hattidarwajachi Met Grampanchayat, that falls just near the Brahmagiri temple, atop the mountains in Trimbakeshwar tehsil, is three kilometres away from Trimbakeshwar village and which is 30 km from Nashik.\"The levelling of the land not only has not only affected the flora and fauna, but at the same time the construction activity in this area is likely to affect nature and its beauty. This area has already been marked at this sacred area already marked as a 'regional park' by the state government because of its rich bio-diversity here ,\" said Satyapriya Shukla from Brahmagiri Bachao Samitisaid.Lalit Lohgaonkar, the president of Trimbak Nagar Parishad, feared that the loose soil was very close to important natural water channels that fall from the mountain and charge the Ahilya Dam, which is the drinking water storage tank of the town. \"The construction above would invite activities like mean activity majorly related to picnics and that would only add to cultural as well as to environmental pollution here,\" Lohgaonkar said. PM Patel and Dheeraj Shelke, who jointly own the land, said that they were doing nothing more than levelling the landthat was nearly a table top. \"Almost a table top land, We are just making the table top land it straight. We are well aware of the laws and hence are planning no construction there. We agree that Agreed that the road winding road being constructed down the hill being constructed may pose some threat to the adjacent water stream of waterand we will take some measures to tackle it,\" Patel said.The revenue officials have said that they would examine the issue first and then order the enquiry if required. Vilas Patil, Collector, Nashik said that he would look into the issue first and then order enquiry if required. As of now, the work has been stopped at the site.TL (1) - 34 acres of land being re-done at the centre of Brahmagiri HillsTL (2) - The water falls at Trimbakeshwar that for the source of water for Trimbakeshwar and Godavari river as wellTL (3) - Vast span of land being levelled at Trimbakeshwar, atop the hill near Brahmagiri templeTL (4) - Vast span of land being levelled at Trimbakeshwar, atop the hill near Brahmagiri temple", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14481271", "title": "Getting platform tickets at Gaya station a Herculean task", "text": "GAYA: Despite the efforts of the Grand Chord Passengers Association and other activist groups, visitors to the platforms at Gaya railway station remain a harassed lot as either they have to jostle for long to get a platform ticket or risk being fined for unauthorized entry to the platforms. Whereas the option of going to the platform without a valid ticket causes mental agony and pricks their conscience, avoidable physical harassment awaits visitors to get a platform ticket under the present conditions.Till about a year back, platform tickets in Gaya used to be sold at the inquiry counter and the arrangement, more or less satisfactorily, worked so far as the users are concerned, says Prabhat Kumar, a frequent visitor to the platform to receive and see off family members, friends and officials. For unexplained reasons, the platform ticket sale was shifted to the overcrowded general booking counters.The general booking counters are already over-pressed as about 30,000 general tickets are issued daily from the booking counters.Though there are eight booking counters at the station, nearly half of them generally remain unmanned due to staff shortage.The platform ticket seekers have to join the long queue to get tickets. According to Prabhat, there is also jostling at the counters as physically strong people elbow out the frail ones to get out of turn tickets.According to DK Jain, president of the Grand Chord Passengers Association, the platform ticket seekers in Gaya are being given a raw deal.If there was a problem in earmarking one booking counter exclusively for the sale of platform tickets, it would be advisable to go back to the previous system under which platform tickets were sold at the inquiry counter. Installation of platform ticket vending machines is another option, said Jain.When contacted, the rail area manager, Binod Jha, said the demand for a separate platform ticket counter was being processed at divisional level in the Mughalsarai office of the railways. Asked how long it will take to dedicate one counter for platform tickets, Jha said he had no information in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14485050", "title": "Panjab University VC selection process starts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The selection process for the appointment of next Panjab University vice-chancellor started in New Delhi on Thursday. Nine candidates, including the current PU VC R C Sobti, interacted with the search committee formed to short list the final three candidates. The nine candidates are experts from different fields of languages, sciences, management and law. Of these, five were from PU.Sources said, \"Sobti was the first candidate to interact with the committee members. Each candidate was given half-an-hour to interact with them.\"In a couple of days, the panel will forward the final three names to vice-president Hamid Ansari, who is also the chancellor of the university.The committee comprises convener Leela Seth, a former justice; noted scientist P Rama Rao and retired IFS officer and PU senate member I S Chadha.Vice-president expected to announce final name in first week of JulyVice-president Hamid Ansari is expected to announce the final name by July 5. Experts say, \"Ansari will complete his term in August 2012 and he has to announce the final name at least 40 days before it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475425", "title": "Recruitment scam: NDA colonel gets interim anticipatory bail", "text": "PUNE: National Defence Academy (NDA) official Colonel Anil Kumar Singh was on Thursday granted interim anticipatory bail in the alleged recruitment scam of class IV employees at NDA till July 2.The court of special judge D R Mahajan directed Singh to attend the office of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) whenever he was called for questioning. He was warned not to leave Pune without seeking court permission.Singh was also asked to give his cell number to the CBI and was told not to change the number.Apprehending arrest, Singh through his lawyer S K Jain had appeared before the court and filed a bail plea. However, the CBI opposed the interim bail on the grounds that he was not cooperating with them.Jain told the court that the CBI had conducted searches at the residence and office of Col Singh, presiding officer of recruitment board, and seized answersheets of candidates. However, no incriminating evidence was found.Jain said Singh had not tampered with evidence. He had filed the bail plea after he received notice from the CBI asking him to appear before the investigating officer under section 160 of Criminal Procedure Code on Thursday.His lawyer argued that Singh was ready to appear before the CBI, but he pleaded to give him interim bail as his career will be at stake if he was arrested without reasonable grounds.The bail plea stated that Singh had reduced marks and given zero to some candidates, which goes on to show he was not involved in wrong doings. The plea reads that the CBI had recorded his statement on June 24. He was again called two days later, but he could not turn up due to ill health. Following this, he was served notice to appear on Thursday.The plea further says, \"There are certain elements who are bent on harassing and humiliating him (Singh) and obstruct his chances of further promotion by making false and frivolous allegations against him\". Singh feared that the CBI may frame him in the scam. He also raised the issue that he was not shown as a suspect in the first information report.CBI special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena argued that Singh's conduct shows that his interest is otherwise in the alleged scam and that he has not come to court with clean hands. Saxena alleged that Singh and others had entered into a conspiracy for recruiting undeserving candidates. Citing an instance, Saxena said a genuine candidate had secured 52 marks, but he was declared failed as he was given zero marks in the results. He pleaded to dismiss the interim bail plea.The court after hearing both sides ordered interim anticipatory bail for Singh.The CBI had earlier arrested Colonel Kulbir Singh, staff officer to the NDA commandant.Others who have been arrested are Balkrishna Charanlal Kanojia, Vishnu Prasad Sharma, Dattatreya Eknath Shitkal, Manoj Marut Shitkal and Ramesh Dilip Gaikwad. Singh and five others have been sent to CBI custody till July 2.Establishment officer gave Rs 30 lakh to army officerPUNE: The CBI in its remand report filed before the special court here on Thursday said NDA establishment officer Suhas Shankar Waghmare, arrested in the alleged recruitment scam, had given Rs 30 lakh to Colonel Kulbir Singh after receiving the money from suspect Ramesh Gaikwad.Waghmare was produced before the court after his two-day CBI custody expired on Thursday.CBI special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena asked for a custody extension of seven days citing that he (Kulbir Singh) received Rs 30 lakh from eight candidates. Saxena said the suspects demanded Rs 4 lakh each, that is Rs 32 lakh, from eight candidates. The amount was negotiated to Rs 30 lakh. The candidates and their parents had disclosed that they gave the money to suspect Ramesh Gaikwad, who in turn, handed over the amount to Waghmare, Saxena said.The prosecution pressed to extend his custody as there was sufficient incriminating evidence against Waghmare that he played a key role in the liaison between Col Anil Kumar Singh, Col Kulbir Singh and other suspects.Opposing the prosecution's plea, Waghmare's lawyer Suchit Mundada argued that the NDA never received complaints that the suspects had demanded bribe from the candidates.Mundada submitted that the confessional statement given by his client was not admissible under section 24 of the Evidence Act. He pleaded to sent his client to judicial custody as the agency had not cited cogent reasons for extending his custody.Special judge D R Mahajan sent Waghmare to judicial custody till June 2, but it reserved the CBI's right to seek his custody if it comes across evidence against him in 15 days.Mundada said he will file Waghmare's bail plea on July 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14494188", "title": "Oldest ever modern human DNA found", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have collected the oldest fragment of the modern human genome from the bones of two 7,000-year-old cavemen unearthed in Spain.These findings, published in the journal Current Biology, suggest that the cavemen in that region were not the ancestors of the people found there today, the researchers said.\"These are the oldest partial genomes from modern human prehistory,\" researcher Carles Lalueza-Fox, a paleogeneticist at the Spanish National Research Council, told LiveScience.The skeletons thought to be of two young adult males were accidentally found in 2006 by explorers in a cavern high in the Cantabrian mountain range. Winters there are notably cold, which helped preserve the DNA in the bones.According to researchers, these bones date back to the Mesolithic period, before agriculture spread to the Iberian Peninsula with Neolithic settlers from the Middle East.They team recovered 1.34 per cent and 0.5 per cent of the human genomes from the bones of these two cavemen, who were believed to be hunter-gatherers.Analyses revealed that current populations of the Iberian Peninsula, which includes Spain, Portugal and Andorra, are not genetically linked with these ancient cavemen. Instead, they were closer genetically to the current populations of northern Europe.The scientists also recovered the complete mitochondrial DNA of one of these cavemen, which suggest that Europeans during the Mesolithic were very uniform genetically.\"Despite their geographical distance, individuals from the regions corresponding to the current England, Germany, Lithuania, Poland and Spain shared the same mitochondrial lineage,\" Lalueza-Fox said. \"These hunters-gatherers shared nomadic habits and had a common origin.\"Scientists have already sequenced the genomes of our closest relatives, the Neanderthals and the Denisovans. When it came to our lineage, the oldest modern human genomes recovered yet came from Otzi the Iceman, a 5,300-year-old mummy found in the Alps in 1991.Researchers have also salvaged DNA from even older human cells, but this comes from the mitochondria that generate energy for our bodies, and not from the nucleus where our chromosomes are housed.The team now aims to complete the genomes of both cavemen. Such data could help \"explore genes that have been modified with the arrival of the Neolithic in the European populations,\" Lalueza-Fox said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14484299", "title": "Policemen told to pull up socks after Jaipur crime graph shoots up", "text": "JAIPUR: The recent criminal incidents in the city in which a gemstone trader was stabbed in Ramganj and an old man beaten to death over parking row in Aadarsh Nagar have exposed the lofty claims of the Jaipur police that it has beefed up patrolling in the city.Police seem to have become complacent as night patrolling and campaign against drunken driving have evidently become quite less.Some of the senior officers accepted the fact but attributed the 'lethargy' to the recent transfers of circle inspectors (CI) of 42 of of 58 police stations.\"Some CIs who joined recenty were transferred within Jaipur city, however many of them are new to Jaipur and it will take some time to them to get acquainted with the city in terms of the geography and their beat areas in the respective police stations,\" a senior police officer said.According to the sources, commissioner of police B L Soni and additional commissioner of police (crime) G L Meena had conveyed a message to the circle inspectors of three different police stations and asked them to contact either of them on their arrangements on night patrolling.The Jaipur police has asked for at least 55 Chetak vehicles especially for the night patrolling and public assistance at places, including Gopalpura Mode, Jhalana Dungari, Ajmer road and B2B bypass from where trucks pass through.Meanwhile, Soni held a meeting of all the senior officers and also invited circle inspectors of 55 police stations in the city to strengthen night patrolling.\"It was a regular crime review meeting in which we have asked our men to pull up the socks as thefts and other crime cases are on the rise,\" Soni said after the meeting.According to the sources, Soni scolded some of the circle inspectors who have recently joined Jaipur police stations and told them that they should not take their Jaipur stint as \"picnic\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "14481595", "title": "Celebrations in Surjeet's village in Ferozepur", "text": "FEROZEPUR: Fiddae village in Ferozepur district burst into celebrations as Surjeet Singh arrived home to be with his family and friends after 31 years in jail in Pakistan. His relatives, friends and villagers remained busy all through the day to prepare for celebrations upon his arrival.Surjeet was brought to Fiddae from Talwandi Chowk in Ferozepur in an open vehicle with hoards of people standing on both sides for a glimpse of the man who had defied a death sentence in Pakistan and returned home safely.\"We're distributing sweets, cracking fires, dancing on beats of dhols and also having a peg or two to celebrate Surjeet's return,\" said a local resident Sarabjit Singh while talking to TOI.Upon reaching home, Surjeet said he was thankful to his wife Harbans Kaur for raising the children in his absence.\"I can understand how she would have managed to bring them up alone, but she did and I am thankful to her,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14495337", "title": "Arun Vijay thanks one and all", "text": "It gives me immense pleasure to thank one and all for the support you all have showered towards me for all these years in the industry; And especially for my latest movie Thadayara Thakka .'With all your positive encouragement, the movie is successfully running on its fourth week in more than 70 centres. I thank you once again and wish for your continued support for the years to come.'Thadaiyara Thakka is directed by Magizh Thirumeni who directed Mundhinam Partheney before. The action entertainer has Mamata Mohandas as the heroine, with music by Thaman.Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14475633", "title": "Sahana, Arshad shine for Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: High jumper Sahana Kumari, who made the Olympics grade eclipsing the national record, and upcoming long jumper Arshad M, who upset the favourites to win the gold were Karnataka's stars in the 52nd National Inter-State athletics held in Hyderabad.While Sahana's domination was expected, Arshad exceeded expectations by his superb performance. The Mysore boy, now a Sergeant with Indian Air Force, came up with his best leap (7.42m) on his sixth and last attempt to edge Tamil Nadu's Prem Kumar by one centimeter. Arshad's win was all the more creditable as he upset the likes of Maha Singh and Amritpal Singh.Silver liningKarnataka can also take pride in the performance of two its young stars who will surely dominate the national scene in the coming years. In men's high jump, Bangalore boy S Harshith took the silver clearing 2.11m while in women's pole vault Khyati SV finished second behind national record holder VS Sureka clearing a height of 3.50m.Another youngster who caught the eye was Meghana Shetty who took the bronze in women's 100m hurdles after high drama. Noted coach VR Beedu's ward Meghana finished a clear third clocking 14.51 seconds behind Kerala's Anchu MM and Odisha's Purnima. Tamil Nadu's Hani finished fourth clocking 14.63 seconds. The officials made a big goof-up awarding the bronze to Hani before they admitted the mistake and corrected the result.There were also few disappointments for Karnataka with Joyline M Lobo (women's triple jump) and Pallavi Sukumar (women's long jump) failing to meet expectations. While Joyline finished fifth, Pallavi ended ninth in a field of 11. In men's 100m, state winner GN Bopanna entered the final but finished last clocking 10.82 seconds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "14478548", "title": "Man falls into coal pit inferno", "text": "Asansol: A security guard of ECL, Subhas Gope (42), is suspected dead after falling into a pit raged by fire a couple of days back. Gope, while accompanying GM of Kunostoria area R R Sharma on Wednesday, fell into the pit and got trapped in the underground fire.An irate mob blocked the NH-60 (Raniganj-Suri Road) demanding immediate control of the fire. It may be noted that over 48 hours have passed, but the ECL authorities have failed to douse the fire using traditional methods like throwing water mixed with soil through holes.The coal pit, where the fire has occurred, is barely a kilometre away from the habitat. The nearby villagers can spot thick black smoke with gases billowing out of the pit.District magistrate of Burdwan, Onkar Singh Meena, visited the site on Thursday and said that the fire is not yet under control. \"I have reviewed the operations with the fire safety officers , ECL officials and other agencies. As of now, there is no danger to the villages which are at a distance of one kilometre from the spot. Two dumpers are operating now,\" he said. now, blocking the openings from where the air (oxygen) goes in.Directed ECL to deploy four dozers for faster action,The SDO of Asansol has been directed to monitor the situation. A team of Central Mining Reserach Intistute (CMRI) will visit the area for technical advice shortly, Meena added. He has also discussed the issue with the CMD of ECL, Rakesh Singh . The area has been cordoned off by security personnel, police and CISF.R R Sharma, GM of ECL, said there were incidents of underground fire due to unscientific mining in the past. He added that the work at the nearby open cast mine has been suspended for safety reasons. The area is barely 200 metres away from the National Highway-60.A tractor driver, Rajesh Prosad, has been admitted to nearby Bahadurpur primary health centre in Jamuria as he suffered from breathing problem after inhaling the smoke while passing over the area.Tapas Chakraborty, local Trinamool Congress leader, blamed the previous Left Front government for the situation. \"Rampant illegal mining used to happen during their regime. At least, four local villages, including Belbandh are affected,\" he alleged.The Kenda seam, where the fire broke out, has a stock of over 5 to 6 million tonnes and are used mainly for power generation purposes in the area and its surroundings.A security guard of ECL, Subhas Gope (42) fell inside the underground fire accidentally while accompanying the GM of Kunostoria area, R.R.Sharma at late last night. The Mines Rescue Team arrived from Sitarampur but failed to trace him till today evening. Chances of he still alive is very slim. Angry residents blocked the NH 60 ( Raniganj -Suri Road) for an hour demanding immediate control of the fire. Seventy two hours have passed but so far ECL has failed to control the fire by traditional methods like throwing soil with water through the holes.That the underground coal seam has contacted fire due to illegal and unscientific coal mining in the past. The oxygen after contact with the coal through the numerous holes caught fire, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14477884", "title": "Biopic on TP to unravel the politics behind his killing", "text": "KANNUR: If the murder of RMP leader TP Chandrasekharan shocked the Kerala society, the way he was killed - 51 cuts on his face - continues to haunt the minds of the people who were close to him.Moved by his gruesome death, a long-time comrade and friend of the RMP leader T Moidu Thazathu has now decided to make a biopic on TP, which aims to unravel the politics behind the murder.Tentatively named 'Sakahavu TP 51 Vayassum 51 Vettum' (Comrade TP: 51 years and 51 stabs), the one-hour film will have prominent actors of Mollywood playing the lead roles.\"TP was not just a politician for me, but he was a man who taught me the values of Communism, and took me to SFI and DYFI though I came from an orthodox Muslim family.This film, which I plan to shoot from the first week of August, would be my tribute to that great revolutionary and humanitarian that he was,\" he said at a press meet on Thursday.To be produced under the banner of Suras Visual Media, Kochi, the film will be shot in Onchiyam and nearby areas and aims to kick-start a campaign against the murder politics of Kannur.\"It will reveal much more than what we heard about the murder, though I will have to face many threats and oppositions,\" says Moidu who believes that such a murder cannot be committed without the knowledge of the CPM.Jointly written by Bijoy Kochi and K Pushparaj, noted cinematographer Jaleel Badusha, who worked for films like Adimadyantham and Byari, will run the camera for the film.Incidentally, Moidu had earlier done TV programmes for Kairali TV and also did a few documentaries for the CPM as part of election campaigns. But he later parted ways with the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14493667", "title": "Adah Sharma in Nagarjuna\u2019s Bhai?", "text": "Although Richa Gangopadhyay's name is almost finalized, the makers of Akkineni Nagarjuna's upcoming film \"Bhai\" are leaving no stone unturned. Sources say that the makers are also considering Adah Sharma for the female lead. Adah made her acting debut in the critically acclaimed Bollywood movie \"1920\", directed by Vikram Bhatt. The actress garnered rave reviews for her performance and later she started endorsing few top brands. Sources add that Adah will be undergoing a trail shoot after which the makers will finalize the female lead.Director Veerabhadram Chowdhary, who tasted success with \"Poolarangadu\", will direct the film \"Bhai\" while Nagarjuna himself is likely to produce it under Annapurna Studios banner. This new movie is expected to be an action entertainer in a mafia backdrop where Nag will be seen as a don.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14492318", "title": "Kangana to match steps with Madhuri", "text": "Actress Kangana Ranaut will soon be seen matching steps with the dancing queen Madhuri Dixit in her forthcoming film Dedh Ishqiya. This film is a sequel of 2010 super hit Ishqiya. Dedh Ishquiya\u2014 shot in Lucknow\u2014 is about the journey of Naseeruddin Shah and Arshad Warsi .As Madhuri is one of the best dancers in the industry, matching steps with her will not be easy for Kangana, but she has already started to practice dance. A source said, \"She is really excited and is also working very hard on her dancing skills as matching steps with Madhuri will not be an easy task for her. Though she is trained in classical dancing, but still she is very nervous and confident at the same time.\"Known for her versatility, Kangana has also shown her dancing skills previously in Tanu weds Manu and Double Dhamal and has received much accolade for her talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14478739", "title": "HC slaps Rs 35K fine on govt", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court on Wednesday cancelled the permission granted by the then excise minister Ganesh Naik to Shobha Bar and Restaurant, located in MHADA colony in Raghuji Nagar, despite the adverse reports from the police.The court has penalized the Maharashtra government for the ex-minister's decision by imposing a fine of Rs 35,000. It has also directed the government to ensure that the establishment is shut down before July 12.The court appreciated the contribution of the women of MHADA colony, who, for the past three years, had been demanding that the bar be closed down. The court also questioned Naik's decision to grant permission to the bar despite the fact that police reports supported the women's appeals for the bar's closure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14485243", "title": "Domestic help held for trying to poison ex-justice\u2019s wife", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Domestic help Kuldeep Singh, 35, was arrested for allegedly attempting to kill 72-year-old wife of a former justice of Punjab and Haryana high court, Savinder Kaur, after mixing mercury in her food at her residence in Sector 15 on Thursday.The incident dates back to October 2011, but accused Kuldeep was arrested when the forensic report from CFSL in Sector 36, confirmed the presence of mercury in the seized food samples on Thursday.The victim Savinder Kaur resides with her son Amarpal in Sector 15. Accused Kuldeep was provided to her by high court authorities after the death of her husband.SHO of PS011, Gurmukh Singh, said, \"Savinder Kaur suspected foul play before taking the food as she noticed something shining on the chapatti served to her. Subsequently, the woman told the area police who collected samples of food.\"The samples were sent to CFSL-36 for the forensic examination, which established that mercury was present in the food. Though, police officials refused to divulge details about accused Kuldeep, sources maintained that accused is employed at the house of another justice's house in Chandigarh.Sources added that accused help had frequent heated arguments with the victim and decided to poison her in order to get rid of his present job. He wanted to work with a serving justice of Punjab and Haryana high court.Accused Kuldeep is a native of Talwandi Saboo in Punjab and would be produced in the district court in Sector 17, on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14495292", "title": "Tension in Kashmir over alleged desecration of religious books", "text": "SRINAGAR: Tension mounted in the Kashmir valley on Friday morning after the news of an alleged desecration of religious books near a local Imam Bargah at Gundhassibhat Mirgund in Baramulla district spread.\"We have registered an FIR (No. 202/2012) after we recovered the torn leaves of a religious book and a half burnt religious book near the Imam Bargah in the morning today,\" SHO Parimpora, Ghulam Mohi-ud-din said.The SHO, however, said the police have started the investigation and the situation in the area was under control even though the locals had gathered inside the Imam Bargah to protest against the sacrilege.The incident occurred at a time when the valley remains under strict police surveillance following the Kashmir Grand Mufti's (Mufti Bashir-ud-Din) call for a Friday march from Lal Chowk to the Dastgeer Sahib shrine in the old city to protest against the fire that destroyed the 200-year-old Sufi shrine of Saint Abdul Qadir Jeelani on Monday. Although the state authorities have ordered an inquiry into the June 25 blaze, some sections in the valley suspect that it was not an accident. Mufti Bashir-ud-din has accused the Omar Abdullah administration of destroying the evidence of the cause of the fire.The authorities have announced curfew in the areas of downtown to avert any law and order problem.The valley has been relatively calm for the past two summers but the latest incidents of desecration of religious books and the destruction of the Sufi shrine has caused anxiety.Syed Ali Shah Geelani, prominent Kashmiri separatist leader has asked Muslim scholars of the valley to desist from issues of secondary importance and polemic discussion on sectarian issues.\"The Ulema should not take any step which may prove detrimental to the unity of the Muslims and interest of the ongoing freedom struggle,\" said Geelani in a statement today, expressing serious concern over the reports that some Ulema in south Kashmir were challenging each other for polemic debates publicly.Geelani said the biggest challenge the people of Kashmir were confronting was that of sectarian extremism and the clashes and violence triggering from it. \"People involved in this sort of extremism are doing disservice to Islam by creating divisions among Muslims. There is a hand of anti-Islamic forces behind all these undesirable acts,\" he alleged.\"Unfortunately some Moulvis, who are quite ignorant of Islamic teachings, are becoming instrumental in spreading the fire of Maslaki (sectarian) hatred and tension in the valley,\" he said, adding that the main objective behind all this \"game plan is to divide the Muslims and weaken the ongoing freedom movement\" in Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14481913", "title": "Fire breaks out in Hazratganj shop", "text": "LUCKNOW: Panic gripped visitors at Hazratganj after fire broke out at a garment shop in the middle of the thoroughfare on Thursday evening. No one was injured in the incident. The loss of property is yet to be assessed.It all started at around 7.30 pm when a loud explosion at a generator installed in the second floor of Kholi Brothers led to fire at the garment shop. There were a large number of people who had thronged the market place after a hot afternoon. Sound of explosion and fire created panic among them.The second floor room of the shop which had generator and garment boxes suffered the maximum damage. However, since the rear side of the second floor where fire erupted was used mostly as storeroom, no one was injured. In all, nine fire tenders were pressed into service to douse the flame. The fire could be controlled in two hours.The fire tenders had a tough time in reaching the room with full force as there was only one exit and entry point that also was through the shop. Several fire tenders had to climb the wall of DRM office to reach the second floor.District police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey said that the fire had been brought under control. The police said that the fire erupted after some explosion in the 140 kw generator at 7.30pm.The police said that the shop owners have not been able to assess the exact loss and added that fire checks and other arrangements in case of any similar agency were not up to the mark. Sources said that notice to ensure fire safety measures had been served earlier to the shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14483004", "title": "Heavy showers do little to lift Mumbai's lake levels", "text": "MUMBAI: The 10% water cut from July 1 is hanging like the sword of Damocles over every Mumbaikar's head. The heavy downpour on Thursday morning was a sliver of good news but this did not translate into a rise in lake levels. Barring Vihar and Tulsi, the catchment area of the other four lakes - Modak Sagar, Tansa, Upper Vaitarna and Bhatsa - did not receive any rainfall in the past 24 hours. With little change in lake levels, it is likely the water cut, termed as a \"precautionary measure\", may be a reality this Sunday.According to the water supply department, the dry spell in June has become the trend in the past 10 years. \"Maximum rainfall is received post July. We no longer receive good rainfall in June,\" said a senior water supply department official.Asked what was the necessity of announcing the cut from July 1 when BMC adopted a wait-and-watch policy, the official said, \"The step was taken to create awareness among the public. No doubt water levels have gone down but there is no a reason to worry at this stage.\"A comparison of lake levels between this date in 2012 and 2011 indicates that barring one lake - Tansa - levels in the rest of the lakes have fallen by at least a metre. For instance, while the levels in Bhatsa on this day in 2011 were at 112.7 metres, today it stands at 107.7 metres. Similarly, Tulsi levels were at 135.05 metres and now it is at 133.7 metres. Such is the condition at Upper Vaitarna that the current useful content is 0 as the levels have gone below the minimum required to draw water. While the useful content in all the six lakes was 1,49,741 ml, it is 69,858 ml this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14480356", "title": "Admissions halted in 20 pharmacy colleges in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) has put 20 pharmacy colleges on the no-admission list. These colleges had permission to run courses till 2011-2012 but failed to get further approval for admission in 2012-13. An official from the panel said that these colleges had applied to Pharmacy Council of India (PCI) for the approval and also paid Rs 1.22 lakh charges. However, approval was not granted as the PCI found that they were lacking in infrastructure.The PCI found that while some colleges had less than mandatory staff, others were had deficiencies like the libraries had few books or the building was not as per the norms. Following this, PCI had pointed out specific problems to the colleges after inspection.The colleges acted upon these deficiencies and even sent reports that action had been taken. However, the PCI has not yet sent approval to any of these colleges, which has rattled the colleges' authorities, as well as, the ACPC.ACPC said that since admission process is slated to begin from first week of July, these colleges have been currently put on no-admission list. \"If the PCI approval does not come before the process starts, we will not be able to grant admission to students in these colleges,\" the official said.This means that the state will stand to lose 1200-odd seats. In all, there are 6,000 pharmacy degree seats in the 91 colleges of the state. If these 20 colleges do not get PCI approval, the students may suffer and colleges may be forced to shut down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14483734", "title": "Gujarat HC: Bar on sale of farmland to outsiders discriminatory", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A farmer from anywhere in India can now purchase agriculture land in Gujarat. Terming a Gujarat government policy which prohibits farmers from other parts of the country from buying farms in the state discriminatory , the Gujarat high court recently said they would be considered agriculturists and can purchase land in the state.This may pave way for wealthy farmers from across the country to pump in money in farmlands in the state and push prices up.The issue came up after the Kutch district collector issued a circular citing local laws and seized the khedut pothis of some farmers engaged in agriculture in western part of Kutch. These farmers, originally hailing from Haryana and Punjab, have been here for the last three decades. The circular said agriculturists from other states cannot purchase farm land and engage themselves in farming in Gujarat.A bench comprising acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya, justices A L Dave and V M Sahai heard the case and quashed the circular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14493534", "title": "HDMC mulls rationing water supply in cities", "text": "HUBLI: The fast depleting water level in Malaprabha reservoir is likely to play spoilsport to the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC)'s move to extend the 24x7 water supply scheme to other wards. Moreover, there is a fear that the continuing dry spell may hit the present water supply system. For the first time in the past 10 years, water level in the reservoir has come down to just 3.155 TMC from 37.04 TMC. Both the cities depend on Malaprabha reservoir near Soundatti for their water requirements. It is after 10 years, the water level has touched 39 feet from 79.5 feet.If the rain clouds continue to play hide and seek, the corporation will have to resort to rationing of drinking water in the twin cities. HDMC, which is supplying water 24x7 to eight wards in Hubli- Dharwad on a pilot basis, was contemplating extending the same to other wards. These wards are getting water once in 3-4 days only. However, the continuing dry spell in the north Karnataka region is likely to force the corporation to rethink. Jayaram, water board executive engineer of Hubli division, said the dip in water level will not affect drinking water supply for 2-3 months. \"However, it may cause water scarcity in the long run. Things will be normal only if Khanapur and surrounding areas receive good rain this time,\" he added. \"A meeting of water board engineers, HDMC officers and experts will be held on Monday to discuss rationing of water. We will decide whether to ration drinking water from Monday or next week. But rationing of water will be done if we don't receive water to Malaprabha reservoir,\" HDMC commissioner Y S Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14478626", "title": "Illegal water lines: HUDA chief orders investigation", "text": "GURGAON: Suspecting that over 61 group housing societies have unauthorized water and sewer connections, the HUDA administrator has ordered a full-fledged probe to find out the possible role of HUDA officials in the irregularity.Last week, the HUDA had found gross irregularities in 31 group housing societies which prompted it to issue notices. The revelation had stunned the officials since it was found that the erring housing societies were not registered as commercial consumers and had remained unbilled for several years.Now, with the details of more societies in other sectors coming to light, the HUDA administrator has ordered a probe to check all the aspects.Confirming the move, the administrator Praveen Kumar said, \"The probe will cover all the aspects of the water and sewer connection in each group housing society. On the face of it, it looks like the societies got the connection and were not billed ever by the HUDA.\"The civic body had swung into action after finding the details of the water and sewer connection provided to group housing societies in Gurgaon. On the basis of initial findings, the HUDA had issued notice to 31 colonies and now 30 more group housing societies have been found having unauthorized connection.The probe ordered by the HUDA administrator will also ascertain the roles of HUDA officials, who have been posted over the past ten years and who had role in sanctioning the water and sewer connection to all the societies.\"There is a possibility that the records of water and sewer connections were deliberately never put on billing data of the HUDA,\" said Kumar.Meanwhile, HUDA has decided to cut off the water and sewer lines connection in 31 housing societies which have been issued notice. Apart from disconnection, the HUDA is also planning to get FIR registered against the builder or management of the housing societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "14481239", "title": "Seven get life term for burning alive farmer in Kaimur", "text": "SASARAM: Seven persons including two brothers and a father-son duo were sentenced to life imprisonment by a Bhabhua court in Kaimur district on Thursday for burning alive a farmer in a land dispute in February, 2010.The court also slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 on each of them. One of the eight accused of the case had died during the trial, according to police sources. On February 3, 2010, a rich farmer of village Sapnautiya under Sonhan police station in Kaimur district Bhanu Dubey was burnt alive by the accused who tied him with a coat. Land dispute was stated to be cause behind the crime. A named FIR was lodged against eight persons of the same village in this connection by the son of the deceased. After investigation, the police found the allegations against all the named accused true and submitted chargesheet against them.The presiding officer of fast track court Harendra Nath after trial held seven accused guilty and pronounced the judgment in a jampacked court. The convicts are Subhash Ram, his teacher brother Shivmuni Ram, Parayan Ram, his father Mutu Rram and uncle Ramlal Ram, Motilal Ram and Shivbilas Bind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14478048", "title": "Nurse found dead in hospital", "text": "KOCHI: Nimmy Paul (22), a nurse at Angamaly Little Flower Hospital, was found dead in the toilet of the nurse's rest room in the wee hours of Thursday. She was on duty in the operation theatre, and went missing around 2.30am.Her colleagues, who searched for her for more than one hour, noticed that the door of the toilet was locked from inside. When they broke open the door, Nimmy was found lying on the floor. Emergency medical care was given, but she did not respond, and doctors declared her dead.An ampule of pancuronium, which is used with general anesthesia, and a syringe were recovered from the toilet. Angamaly police have started investigation into the case. Her body was handed over to relatives after conducting a postmortem at Alappuzha Medical College. Nimmy was married to Robin of Malayatoorwho is working abroad about six months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14479083", "title": "Expelled CPM youth leader fires fresh salvo", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expelled CPM youth leader Prasenjit Bose on Thursday fired a fresh salvo against the party. He refuted general secretary Prakash Karat's argument defending the decision to support UPA's candidate Pranab Mukherjee in the July 19 presidential poll.In a website post, Bose, former convenor of CPM's research unit, said the official explanation of the party's polit bureau \"fails to accurately address the arguments made while questioning and critiquing (as distinct from 'maligning') the decision\".Calling support to a Congressman as violation of the CPM's political-tactical line, Bose said, \"CPI (M)'s support for their future endeavours will be taken for granted and its opposition to economic policies and corruption considered to be token.\"Last Friday, Bose had sent his resignation letter to the CPM and posted it on a website calling the decision to support Mukherjee a \"grave error\". The next day, the CPM rejected the contents of the letter and expelled him for \"maligning the political line of the party\".Earlier, in an article for the People's Democracy explaining why the CPM chose to support Mukherjee, Karat cited two main reasons: Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee's staunch opposition to Mukherjee and CPM's innate thrust for a president \"firmly secular and not in any way open to BJP influence\".\"The rift within the ruling alliance is something that the CPM took into account when deciding its stand,\" Karat wrote.Bose on Thursday said the CPM's decision is \"based upon elusive and unprincipled considerations of utilizing the fissures within ruling alliance between the bourgeois parties\". He called Karat's defence of the decision to support Mukherjee \"feeble and perfunctory\".Explaining why the CPM chose not abstain, Karat had said it would mean \"lining up with Mamata Banerjee and the TMC in West Bengal . This would be politically damaging and unacceptable\". Besides defending the strongest base of the Left (in West Bengal), at the national level abstention would amount to CPM \"withdrawing from the fray\", Karat had said.Bose called the argument \"devoid of any rigour\". \"The Trinamool Congress is yet to announce its decision... How could CPI (M)'s decision on June 21 to abstain be interpreted as \"lining up with the TMC?\" Bose asked.He said the CPM's aligning with the Congress instead can be used by the Trinamool to its advantage.Bose's prescription for revival of the Left movement in Bengal was to politically fight both the Trinamool and the Congress. Pitting the two parties against each other and then abandoning the Congress is \"opportunism\", said Bose.He slammed the CPM for putting the Left unity at stake instead. \"While it is far from clear whether the alliance between the Congress and the TMC will break in the near future, Left unity has already become a casualty , demoralizing the rank and file of the Left,\" he wrote.He also brushed aside the CPM consideration of a secular presidential candidate calling it \"irrelevant\". \"The BJP-backed candidate stands no chance to win, irrespective of the \"thrust\" of the CPI (M) and the Left parties,\" adding, \"it merely shows that CPI (M) is tailing bourgeois parties across the board.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14478219", "title": "3 days on, boring agencies yet to register", "text": "GURGAON: It has been three days since the district magistrate's orders - mandating all boring and drilling agencies in the city to get themselves registered - were first issued. But, according to the groundwater cell, not a single application for registration has yet come forward. This, despite the fact that barely a week is remaining before the official deadline is reached.\"We have not received any applications yet. Agencies which are found unregistered after July 10 will be heavily penalized,\" said S R Sehrawat, hydrologist at the Gurgaon groundwater cell, who is appointed by the administration to handle the registration process. The district hydrologist estimates that there are over 400 drilling or boring agencies operating in and around Gurgaon.The new order comes in the wake of the 4-year-old Manesar girl, Mahi's death - who fell into an abandoned borewell ditch in her village last week and died despite the frantic efforts made by the Army for more than 87 hours to get her out.Officials say that back until 2002, drilling agencies operating in Gurgaon had to register with the Central Ground Water Authority in New Delhi. Then this rule was scrapped and ever since, the drilling and boring agencies have worked in Gurgaon with no official oversight, and have practiced little restraint, as becomes evident by the levels that the watertable here has plunged to.\"The administration and the groundwater cell have decided to appoint survey teams around the district. Even if we find a single drilling machine without registration, an FIR will be lodged against the owners,\" added Sehrawat.Sanjay Kaushik of a city-based-NGO, Uthaan, said that most of the drilling work takes place not in the city but out around the periphery, for construction and agricultural purposes. \"You won't find many machines in Gurgaon as such. But on the outskirts, there are many such agencies with drilling and boring rigs. Many come from places like Mewat,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14479184", "title": "Bomb hoax at Vastral school", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police control room got a call on Thursday morning informing about three bombs planted at a school in Vastral after which the school was closed down. Teams of Ramol police along with the city bomb detection and disposal squad (BDDS) and dog squad rushed to the spot and searched the entire premises minutely but no bomb was found. Police have now started search for the caller.According to Ramol police officials, they got information from the city police control room about bombs at Madhav international school in Vastral at 7.30 am. Soon, teams reached the spot and informed the school authorities about the tip-off, following which the campus was evacuated. The primary section was given a day off following the news.\"As per the information, a caller told the control room that three bombs have been planted at the school, which would go off within 30 minutes. We, along with dog squad and BDDS, checked the classrooms, offices and other areas of the school and also questioned the watchmen about any suspicious activities. After an hour-long exercise, we found the call to be a hoax,\" said CL Solanki, inspector of Ramol police station.Solanki said that subsequent investigationS revealed that the call was made from a pay phone, some distance away from the school. \"We got the number and tracked it down when we got to know that the call was made early in the morning from a coin phone kept outside a house. We questioned the owner but he was clueless about the caller's identity. We have charged him for not adhering to the notification by the city police commissioner to keep a record of the caller,\" he said.Investigators said that they are working on two theories at the moment. \"We believe that it is either handiwork of a student or a parent. The school completed its admission process for some of the classesyesterday. It is possible that some disgruntled parents who could not get their kin admitted might have done this to harass the school. Another possibility is it might be a student, who wanted to get a day off. Search is on,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14492067", "title": "After Ferrari joyride, Mapuskar heading out to meditate", "text": "Riding high on the success of Ferrari Ki Sawari, director Rajesh Mapuskar now plans to go into sleep mode for sometime. Next, for him, it's straight to Manali and from there to Leh. Though sources said Sharman Joshi plans to accompany him, the actor had a very different reply to give when we asked him to elaborate.\"He (Rajesh) doesn't want to tell me that he's going to Leh. He fears I might follow him there and bug him endlessly, drive him up the wall, for a role in his next...so, for my ears, he is not going to Leh,\" said Sharman.For Rajesh it's going to be a praying and relaxing session near the Pangong Lake. \"I will mediate in some peace for a long time! I've had too much work. Now it's time to relax a bit. After July 5, I am pushing off...because that's when my boss also goes on leave. I was at this filmy do recently where everyone talked about trade, film etc. Trust me, I got so bugged that I came back,\" said Rajesh.Also, we heard it's not just a relaxing session, as both director and actor has something going on in their mind. \"There's a script they will be jointly working on,\" a source said. However, Rajesh did not divulge and said, \"Many things are going on. But for a while I look to sit and enjoy my free time.\" Notably, Sharman had visited Leh during the shoot of 3 Idiots . And that was the time he developed special liking for this tranquil place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "14479993", "title": "Boats of Gujarat fishermen mired in diplomatic slush", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Even as 314 fishermen freed from Pakistan are about to return to Gujarat, top state officials say that a diplomatic tangle is a major hurdle in bringing their boats back.The state government officials, pointing out an Indo-Pak diplomatic decision taken in 2003 and implemented in 2004, claim that apart from financial loss to the fisherman who had strayed into the international seas, the boats make India vulnerable.A top state official told TOI on Thursday that ever since 2004 \"as many as 612 boats, caught in the high seas, are in Pakistani custody, and despite repeated efforts, nothing has happened.\" As for the 314 freed, 275 fishermen are from Gujarat, and the rest from Diu. They will all be taken straight to Somnath-Veraval in the same bogeys of Jammu-Tavi after they arrive in Ahmedabad on June 30.Suggesting this deprives the fishermen of their most important asset, the official said, \"Till 2003, fishermen on being freed from Pakistani prisons would return to Gujarat with their boats via sea route. But diplomatic parleys stopped the practice in 2003-04. All prisoners, including fishermen, began being exchanged at Vagha border.\"\"Fishermen return, but their boats remain in Pakistan, leading to security concern. Pakistan has made efforts to infiltrate into Gujarat via sea route using these boats, as they carry Indian flag and insignia. There are reports of infiltrating arms and ammunition through these boats,\" he added.Meanwhile, plan to install satellitebased vessel tracking system (VTS) on boats remains on paper. The idea was floated in 2007 to alert the fishermen if they stray into international seas towards Pakistan. A senior official said, \"Only now a pilot project is being undertaken for 2,000 Porbandar-based fishing boats.\"There are 19,161 registered fishing boats in Gujarat, and there is no way to know which way these have moved. \"Currently, we just provide a token to every fisherman taking the boat to the high sea, which he must give back on returning,\" the official added.Significantly, the Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB) has enumerated putting up the vessel tracking system as one of the \"golden goals\" it must undertake this year. A GMB document says, \"To track and monitor the movement of Indian fishermen, Gujarat government has decided to establish satellite-based system for tracking and warning of about 12,000 fishing boats at the cost of Rs 94.50 crore.\" It adds, through this system, the fishing boats \"can be tracked anywhere in the world on digital chart with accurate latitude and longitude, along with the name of boat, name of owner, name of crew members onboard.\"In addition, the project involving handing over of biometric cards to 1.35 lakh fishermen is on verge of completion. Biometric details of each of fisherman were taken. Security verification and digital signature for preparing the cards are complete. \"The cards will be readied by the Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL) by July-end. Soon, it will be mandatory for fishermen to carry them. The cards will carry name, photograph, address and fingerprint details. Those return without cards can be verified via biometric details, which would minimize infiltration,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14483622", "title": "Trichy corporation plans English schools", "text": "Trichy: An initiative of the Trichy corporation to set up six English medium schools from the next academic year will provide a platform to poverty-stricken students to compete with those who can afford a decent education. Trichy corporation set the process in motion after Chennai, Coimbatore and Madurai corporations embarked on the move. The move comes after incumbent corporation commissioner VP Thandapani who took charge a month ago proposed the facility. The corporation decided to take up the task following a decline in number of students in corporation-run schools, especially in elementary schools.In this regard, a resolution was also passed in the council meeting on Thursday.\"The process is premature now. We have a lot to do to make the project come into reality. We will put all efforts to provide an education on par with private English medium schools. Initially, the six schools will be constructed adjacent to existing schools in the corporation. However, we are yet to decide on locations,\" the corporation commissioner told TOI.\"Though our aim is to create English medium schools for standards 6th to 12th, parents wish to have the English medium at the elementary level. So, it is yet to be decided,\" he said.The corporation will take care of construction and the administration whereas the education department will appoint teachers to the schools.\"A corporation education officer will be appointed and all corporation schools in Trichy will be brought under the control of the officer. We will seek suggestions from private schools on how to provide quality education in our schools,\" he added.Preference would be given to wards of sanitary workers of the Trichy corporation. There is a proposal to provide hostel facility on week days as many of them lack residence.Commenting on the ability of government school teachers to instruct in English, chief educational officer of Trichy K Selvakumar said, \"We are in no way less than private English school teachers and we are capable of taking classes in English as all of them are well-qualified. It is a welcome move and we are sure it will make a change in society.\"The number of students in corporation-run primary (37), middle (24), high (1) and higher secondary (1) schools are 2640, 4816, 208 and 282 respectively in Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14478958", "title": "Anti-graft agitation: Arvind Kejriwal to visit Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: Team Anna which upped the ante in the Hisar byelection in Haryana when it went on attacking the ruling Congress, is set to launch another drive in the state in an effort to strengthen its ground and to mobilize support for the anti-corruption agitation which is being revived from Jantar Mantar in Delhi on July 25.Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal , who had earned a formidable reputation of attacking the top government functionaries would be in Haryana on a two-day-tour coined as Kranti yatra (revolutionary journey ), from July 1 and would raise the issues of Janlokpal Bill to curb corruption, black money and forcible acquisition of farmers land in Haryana.A core group member of Team Anna from Haryana, Naveen Jaihind told the Times of India on Thursday that they expected a good turnout in the public meetings. \"The Hisar byelection proved that people of the state are concerned about the issue of corruption when they responded to the Team Anna call to defeat the Congress candidate. During two days visit, we aim to motivate and activate the Anna supporters in the state\", he said.Starting from Bahadurgarh town at the Delhi border, Kejriwal would address public meetings in Rohtak, Meham and Bhiwani on July 1. Next day he is scheduled to address public meetings in Hisar and Jind towns, Jaihind informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14496835", "title": "Salman Khan seeks support of Pak people for Sarabjit's release", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Salman Khan has come forward in seeking support of Pakistani people and the media for Sarabjit Singh's release, who has been on death row in a Lahore jail since 1990.\"Requesting the people of Pakistan to support me to help free Sarabjit who has been in prison since 30 years. Please. Allah ka vasta,\" Salman wrote on twitter.\"Request the 'awam' of Pakistan, members of the press, government of Pakistan, President Zardari, a humble request. It would be the most amazing gesture, to send Sarabjit back to his family after 30 years. Hope u support me like its your own cause.\"Salman also expressed how he felt sad about Sarabjit's family and longed for launching his support for his release.\"Wanted to tweet this for the longest time, saw a picture of Sarabjit's sister, it killed me. Felt real sad for her. Help me help her. It's a personal request to all of you in Pakistan to send Sarabjit back to his family in Punjab, hope you find it in your hearts to help,\" he said.Sarabjit was convicted and sentenced to death for his alleged involvement in a string of bombings in 1990.The Indian government also requested Pakistan to release Sarabjit after Islamabad said it had taken steps for the release of another Indian prisoner named Surjeet Singh who has been jailed for three decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14481370", "title": "Citizens beware: Noise ups risk of heart attack", "text": "MUMBAI: Loud noise is not only an irritant, it can also kill. Latest research from the western world says that for every 10 decibel increase in noise level, the risk of heart attack went up by 12%. The implication for Mumbai, which is known as one of the noisiest cities in the world, can only be imagined, said anti-noise pollution activist Sumaira Abdulali from NGO Awaaz. \"It is time Indians recognized noise pollution as a health problem instead of an environmental issue,\" she said, adding that despite the World Health Organization linking noise pollution to health in 1985, the realization has been slow.The latest study linking heart and noise comes from Denmark, where over 55,000 people between 50 and 64 years of age were studied from 1993 for over a decade. The analysis, which was published in PLOS ONE journal on June 20, showed that residential exposure to road traffic noise was significantly associated with myocardial infarction or heart attack.While there are no similar studies in India, activists like Abdulali give out instances where noise has been a major health irritant. \"I know a family where the woman suffered a heart attack immediately after a cracker burst loudly nearby,\" she said.Heart surgeon Pawan Kumar from Nanavati Hospital, Juhu, said previous studies have estimated that noise pollution causes 4% of all heart attacks. Noise literally disrupts the body's rhythm, thereby directly affecting the heart.Cardiologist Ganesh Kumar from Hiranandani Hospital, Powai, said that noise pollution disturbs sleep patterns, which, in turn, affected the heart.IIT Bombay put up sound barriers along its campus wall in Powai immediately after a part of its land was taken over for a road-widening project. \"This underlines the fact that traffic sounds are a menace to health,\" Dr Ganesh Kumar said.Dr Pawan Kumar said loud noise releases stress hormones such as cortisol and adrenaline. \"These hormones cause the heart to beat faster,\" he said. Among people who suffer from irregular heart beat or arrhythmia, loud noise of over 80 decibel can lead to loss of beats and a sudden cardiac arrest.\"In some people, loud noise can cause the coronary artery to go into a spasm and induce a heart attack,\" said Dr Pawan Kumar, adding that traffic policemen would at the highest risk here.\"Any increase in stress hormones is good only for a small period. The problem arises when this stress is continuous,\" said Dr Ramakanta Panda of Asian Heart Institute in the Bandra Kurla Complex. Constant exposure to noise induces continuous stress, which is bad for the heart, he said.The PLOS One study said that \"noise is known to affect the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis, leading to increased levels of cortisol\". In addition, exposure to noise during the night at normal urban levels has been associated with sleep disturbances, which might affect metabolic and endocrine function and impair the immune system, the study added.Death by decibel* Risk of heart attack went up by 12% for every 10dB rise in noise level* Previous studies estimate noise pollution causes 4% of all heart attacks* Noise pollution disturbs sleep patterns, affecting the heart* Loud noise releases stress hormones, causing heart to beat faster* Constant exposure to noise induces continuous stress", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14476970", "title": "Political drama overshadows BJP's 4-year rule", "text": "BANGALORE: On a day of high drama and political uncertainty on Thursday, the BJP government sought to showcase its four-year rule.Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda's buoyed spirits were dashed with the buzz that party bosses had given the nod for a change of guard. No announcement of new schemes that usually mark the anniversary were made. Most celebrations planned for the day were advanced, postponed or cancelled. In the past two years, the BJP government had celebrated each anniversary with a plethora of schemes and promises.The BJP government completed four years in office on May 28 but the celebrations were delayed due to the unending political turmoil in the aftermath of former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's oust Gowda campaign''. However, Gowda maintained that they put on hold the celebrations on account of the election code of conduct kicking in for the MLC polls.Gowda released a book to highlight the BJP government's achievements in the last four years. Naturally, there was no mention of infighting. Infighting and squabbles were part of the BJP government right from its inception. Why do you point at my tenure,'' asked Gowda.Gowda completed 11 months in office amid charges of governance paralysis and key initiatives remaining mired in group politics in the ruling party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14499030", "title": "United SC look to raise the bar", "text": "KOLKATA: When United SC qualified for their maiden I-League appearance in 2008-09, their primary aim was to stay afloat in the top tier of Indian football's most competitive tournament.Having achieved that goal over four seasons - finishing middle of the table besides also winning the Durand Cup in 2010 and making the Federation Cup semis last year - United SC officials now feel it is time to raise the bar and set loftier goals.From the end of last season, they had been talking of building a team which can match the best teams in Indian football. And they seem to be doing well on that front. They roped in Costa Rican World Cupper Carlos Hernandez after 'snatching' I-League top-scorer Ranty Martins from Dempo SC. They have also imported the likes of numero uno goalkeeper Subrata Paul, Gourmangi Singh and quite a few other talented youngsters. It surely is shaping up as side worth looking out for.\"It is not always possible to get the expected results. But what I can say is that we have assembled a good team and we want to win the Federation Cup, break into the top-three of the I-League and win it eventually... and also play in the AFC Cup,\" said Nawab Bhattacharya, the director of United SC.The men in purple had finished seventh in the 2011-12 I-League.The team is in place, so are the targets. It is up to the footballers to step on to the field and deliver time for action on the field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480648", "title": "Just following rules, says prisons head", "text": "HYDERABAD: Reacting to complaints from VIPs and family members that they were not being allowed mulaqats with YS Jaganmohan Reddy at the Chanchalguda Central Prison, TP Das, the director general of prisons, on Thursday said that there was no discrimination against any undertrial or prisoner.Without specifically referring to the matter of Jagan's visitors, the DG said that there have been various reports in the media on the issue of permitting interviews with undertrials confined at Chanchalguda jail.Das said that all that was happening was simply that rules and norms which have been in force for long were being strictly adhered to by the superintendents of the central prisons, district jails and sub jails throughout the state.\"Special class undertrials are treated on a par with class 'A' convict prisoners with respect to privileges and are extended reasonable facilities at proper times and under restrictions for interviews with relatives, friends and legal advisors,\" he said.Clarifying that no discrimination was being practised to the detriment of any inmate, Das said that in view of the statutory restrictions, it was not always possible to accede to requests for interviews.It may be mentioned here that Presidential aspirant PA Sangma and Jagan's uncle YS Vivekananda Reddy had a bitter experience at the Chanchalguda jail when they were refused permission to meet Jagan. On Thursday, senior advocate and counsel for Jagan, Ram Jethmalani , raised the issue of liberties prescribed for an undertrial during his visit to his client at the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14480596", "title": "Wedding drama in courtroom", "text": "KOLKATA: Lawyers, litigants and the general hangers on at Sealdah court looked on in amazement on Thursday as police hustled a young man in wedding sherwani out of a prison van. A few others followed, similarly decked up in glittering kurtas and party shirts.Groom Rajesh Giri, who was whisked away from his own wedding the previous evening after a dramatic showdown with his alleged first wife, was taken to the witness stand of the courtroom of ACJM Arun Rai.\"Oi dekh, ei chhela ta kal ke biye korte jachhilo, (look, he is the guy who was about to get married yesterday). Good that he was caught in the nick of time,\" shouted one of the bystanders as Rajesh got off the police van.Rajesh, his father Krishna Bhagwan Giri, and a few wedding guests had spent the night in a police station. They were brought to the court around 12.20pm and had to wait in the lock-up till 3.15pm when the judge arrives. Still dressed in his red wedding ensemble, minus the pagdi, 27-year-old Rajesh looked dazed by the turn of events and stared vacantly at the people in the courtroom. A small crowd of curious onlookers had also gathered.Directly across Rajesh sat the woman claiming to be his wife - 25-year-old Puja Kaur, who has accused him of betraying her and trying to marry a second time. A quiet tear rolled down her cheek from time to time. She was escorted to court by a team from the Committee for Protection of Democratic Rights that has taken up her cause.The Giris are into the iron and steel business. Rajesh also owns a gym and a call centre.Pooja says she and Rajesh married on April 25, 2010. When she learnt that Rajesh was marrying again, she and committee president Kabita Gupta stormed into the wedding venue - a posh address on EM Bypass - on Wednesday evening along with a police team. After a lot of screaming, scuffles and a few fisticuffs, the wedding was called off and Rajesh and his father bundled into a police jeep along with some guests.Outside the court on Thursday, Puja vowed to fight on \"till her husband was punished\". \"When I came to know that Rajesh was getting married to another girl I could not believe my ears. I immediately confronted him. But he denied it,\" said Puja.But when Rajesh refused to meet her and started avoiding her calls, she realised that something was wrong. That is when she approached CDPR. On June 26, she and some committee members went to Rajesh's house in Cossipore Road.\"It was about after midnight and the sangeet ceremony was on. We requested Rajesh's father to allow Puja to have a word with Rajesh. But instead of being sympathetic to the girl, Krishna Bhagwan Giri said Rajesh would marry Sweta and if Pooja was interested she could marry him. How dare he give such an indecent proposal to his daughter-in-law,\" alleged Rajiv Jaiswal, CPDR working secretary.Pooja went to three police stations without any help till joint CP (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh stepped in.\"I feel cheated, shattered and completely helpless. Rajesh has ruined the lives of two girls. I was initially scared to take on the fight as his father had threatened me and my father. But I have Kabitadi with me. There is no looking back. I will see that Rajesh gets a befitting punishment,\" said Puja.As defence lawyer Alok Majumder argued that Puja's charges of harassment and torture against Krishna Bhagwan Giri were baseless, Puja sat biting her lips. \"My clients have been falsely implicated,\" the defence lawyer said.Rajesh and his father were tried for two cases registered in Chitpore police station and Phoolbagan police station. They have been booked under Sections 498A (subjecting a woman to cruelty), 506 (criminal intimidation), 34, 379, 114, 323, 354, 341 and Section 485 of the IPC.\"Both the accused have been remanded in police custody till July 4,\" said Puja's lawyer Asim Kumar.\"Puja had confronted Rajesh and the father many times. But she was shown the door saying that Rajesh would marry a girl whose family gave a huge dowry. We are thankful to the media. In fact, police took action only after media came into the picture,\" said Kabita. Puja also made confessional statement under Section 164.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14483419", "title": "Residents irked over delayed rail over bridge", "text": "COIMBATORE: Five months after the mayor promised them an alternate route to the proposed Peelamedu rail over bridge, residents of the area are yet to get one. The frustrating wait has turned into anger and will spill onto the streets on July 22 when residents will stage a massive agitation.Work on the ROB was supposed to begin on February 17 this year and end in eight months. But it has not even started yet. When P V Gopal, president, Peelamedu Consumer Voice filed an RTI query with the railways on July 3, it replied that the project work could not begin as the district administration had not made arrangements for a diversion road.\"From the series of RTI queries I filed, we know that a diversion road still remains a distant dream. The highways department proposal to lay an approach road has not been approved. The delay has forced us to intensify our protests,\" said Gopal.Gopal said nearly 50,000 residents living in Cheran Maa Nagar, Vilankurichi and Thaneerpandal would benefit if the bridge is built. \"The Vilankurichi Road is a busy stretch and the absence of a bridge is time-consuming for people who are also forced to spend more on fuel,\" he said. Residents, meanwhile, have alleged that the highways department had withdrawn a proposal to expand the bridge on both sides, reducing its width from 80feet to 60feet. They said this was being done to accommodate the wishes of powerful citizens living on Vilankurichi Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480425", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee files nomination accompanied by a crowd of leaders", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA's presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee filed his nomination papers on Thursday for the July 19 elections in the presence of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and a battery of top leaders.Mukherjee submitted four sets of nomination papers signed by 486 members, including MPs, MLAs, Union ministers and chief ministers, of the 4,896-member electoral college.Sonia and the PM delivered the first set of nomination papers to Rajya Sabha secretary general V K Agnihotri, who is the returning officer for the presidential polls. The second set was delivered by senior Congress leader Motilal Vora and the two remaining sets were submitted by Mukherjee.A large number of leaders of UPA partners thronged the returning officer's room and the corridor outside while Mukherjee filed his nomination papers.Barring Trinamool Congress, leaders of all UPA allies, including Farooq Abdullah (National Conference), T R Baalu (DMK), Ajit Singh (RLD), D P Tripathi (NCP) and E Ahamed (Muslim League), and eight chief ministers were present.NDA convener and JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav was the first signatory on one set of nomination papers. SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and BSP supremo Mayawati, too, signed Mukherjee's nomination papers.Besides Sharad Yadav and Mulayam, RJD chief Lalu Prasad, LJP's Ram Vilas Paswan, BSP's Satish Mishra, Asaduddin Owaisi of Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen, C M Chang of Nagaland People's Front and AUDF chief Badruddin Ajmal were present when Mukherjee filed his papers, said Pawan Kumar Bansal, Mukherjee's authorized representative.Rahul Gandhi and senior Congress leaders, including P Chidambaram and A K Antony, were also present.According to election rules, a candidate's nomination paper must be subscribed by at least 50 electors as proposers and 50 electors as seconders.Exercising \"abundant precaution\", each set of Mukherjee's nomination papers though had 60 proposers and 60 seconders.After filing his nomination at Parliament House, Mukherjee said, \"I am grateful to them as they have reposed faith in me to occupy the office which was occupied in the past by great stalwarts of this country. I only wish to have God's blessings and cooperation of all at this juncture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14484780", "title": "1962 war tried to wake up Nehru with heavy punch: China daily", "text": "BEIJING: Ahead of the India-China border talks, an official Chinese daily on Thursday said both countries need to learn a lesson from the 1962 war that even though Beijing may like peace, it will firmly defend \"its\" land.Using strong words, the write-up in ruling Communist Party's Global Times' web edition said the 1962 war was to \"wake up\" former PM Jawaharlal Nehru from the influence of US and former Soviet Union by giving him a \"heavy punch\" .It also claimed the real target for Chinese leader Mao Zedong's ire at that time was Washington and Moscow . \"Fifty years ago, when China faced several difficulties both domestically and internationally, Nehru administration , encouraged by the US and the Soviets, brought more trouble to the Sino-Indian border between 1959 and 1962\", the article titled 'China won, but never wanted, Sino-Indian war' said. Written by Hong Yuan, deputy secretary-general of Centre of World Politics at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, the article focus on China's victory and Beijing's \"peaceful intentions\" in declaring ceasefire despite the success and the \"reluctance\" with which China fought it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14483665", "title": "Officials draw up plan to revive Mariamman tank", "text": "MADURAI: The sprawling 16-acre Mariamman temple tank, a centuries-old landmark of Madurai, will soon have water throughout the year, if things work out as planned by the district administration. The tank, right now, has water only for part of the year, while the rest of the year the dry bed turns out to be a cricket ground during the day and an open air liquor bar during the evenings.The district administration is initiating efforts to fill the tank permanently with water, by tapping various sources.Collector Anshul Mishra along with officials from the revenue, public works and Hindu Religious and Charitable departments inspected the tank on Monday and instructed officials to study the feasibility of getting water for the tank.Mariamman teppakulam is a favourite destination in the city as it is thronged by hundreds of people in the morning for their daily walking and jogging. In the evenings, there used to be thousands of people from the city who spend their free time. Once in a year, water is filled in the tank for the float festival in the Tamil month of Thai, which sees grand celebrations. The tank dries up in summer, ending up as a playground for local children. For quite some time, there have been representations from the public, political parties and associations to store water in the tank on a permanent basis.CPM MLA R Annadurai, who has been representing the demand for some years now, said the tank will turn out to be a favourite spot for the people of Madurai if water is stored permanently in it. \"Storing the water and starting a boat service to the centre hall in the middle of the tank will make it a good tourism destination,\" he pointed out. He said he had escalated the demand in the Assembly while the government sent an expert team from Anna University which studied the feasibility of the proposal some time ago. \"The expert team had suggested that the project was feasible and can be completed at a cost of Rs 1.93 crore. The HR&CE; department had assured that they had sufficient funding for the project and just needed city corporation approval to dig for pipelines to bring water from the Vaigai. Hence, it was important that the district administration hold a joint meeting of these two departments,\" he said.PWD executive engineer Dhanbal said the collector had asked them to study the feasibility of bringing water from nearby water sources, for which the planning and design wing would get into action.Anshul Mishra said they have identified four possible places to bring water for the tank. \"The original system was that the water flowed from the Vaigai into the tank but after the riverbed eroded, the water flow stopped. Reviving the riverbed is a possible solution but it appears unfeasible at present, hence we are looking at other places like water catchment areas of Panaiyur, Melakkal, Anna Nagar and Sottathatti. The PWD officials have been asked to prepare a report in this regard,\" he said.\"We will try to complete the feasibility study in a year's time and submit the proposal to the government for funding purposes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14494123", "title": "Experts at Unicef workshop seek special policy for urban children", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A Unicef-sponsored workshop has called for the need to evolve a policy to address the problems faced by urban children.Leading the discussions at the workshop held at Institute of Management (IMG) here on Thursday, the participants felt such a policy initiative was required to tackle a whole host of issues like malnutrition, environment pollution, internet pornography, lack of adequate education, prostitution and child labour.Presenting the theme, Dr Anishia Jayadev, assistant professor of IMG and a specialist on gender and service delivery issues, said the problems faced by urban children were often different from those of the rural children.\"In spite of countless laws and policies, children are subjected to various kinds of physical and mental torments in the family as well as in the soceity. The amount of tourture is larger in urban settings than rural areas now-a-days,\" Anishia said addressing the \"Dissemination workshop on the State of World's Children 2012\".She said special policy frame work was needed to adress affected categories like orphan and abandoned children, street working children, child sex workers, abused children, children afflicted by HIV/AIDS and differently-abled children and child beggars.\"Mere rehabilitation would not make any difference in the present state of children. Twenty-four hour helpline facilities like 'Childline' should be given more promotions as they would provide them a platform to express their woes,\" she said.Besides schools, NGOs and neighbourhood groups like 'kudumbasree' could play significant roles in protecting the rights of urban children in Kerala, the expert added.Experts from various government departments like social welfare, planning board and health and journalists participated in the workshop co-sponosored by IMG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14495302", "title": "Aishwarya R Dhanush's next venture on kids", "text": "After 3, director Aishwarya Dhanush is all ready for her next project. The sources reportedly reveal that het next flick will be focusing on children and the director has already started the hunt by conducting auditions.There are possibilities that her home banner might produce this film. Her previous flick 3 has received mixed reviews and it certainly made well in the box office.Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14482154", "title": "Punjab MLA: Send stray dogs to north east, China", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Congress legislator Ajit Singh Mofar moved a resolution in the Punjab assembly on Thursday seeking to tackle stray dogs in the state by sending them to China, Mizoram or Nagaland, for \"whatever they do to them\".\"We can make arrangements to catch the dogs, put them in jungle or zoos or maybe send them to China, Nagaland and Mizoram where they are more needed. Stray dogs are a big nuisance now, even going on an evening walk has become dangerous because of them.\"The state has witnessed an increase in dog bites with an estimated 15,000 such cases reported annually.Mofar's suggestion was accepted much to the amusement of the House. \"People in China and the northeast have their own ways of using the dogs. We cannot be really bothered with that. We have to solve our problem first. Stray dogs are killing children, attacking the elderly,\" Mofar told TOI.But Mofar's leader in the house , Sunil Jakhar, disagreed with him. \"Dog is considered to be a man's best friend and even Mahatma Gandhi felt so and advocated care for stray dogs. Saying things like these trivializes the issue and is not in good taste at all. I am personally against this kind of attitude,\" he told TOI.The resolution has angered animal rights groups. \"This is an inhuman thought and completely against ethics. Dogs have a right to live. If the state government attempts any thing on these lines, we will take them to the court,\" People for Animals president Saurabh Gupta said.Ruling Shiromani Akali Dal legislator D S Cheema also opposed the suggestion. \"There are scientific means of controlling dog population. We should explore advanced techniques now available and sterilize these dogs and put them back in their own territory.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14482298", "title": "UP govt keen on inviting investment in agriculture sector", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday assured a delegation of farmers from different states under the Consortium of Indian Farmers Association (CIFA) that the state government will take necessary decisions, as and when required, for the welfare of farmers.Talking to the farmers' delegation at his residence, the chief minister said that the UP government is serious on use of advanced technology, attracting investments, ensuring proper marketing and providing remunerative prices to farmers for their crops.Yadav said that the government will take timely and necessary decisions on encouraging modern agriculture production technology and enable UP to offer better facilities to its farmers.\"The UP government is considering liberal policies for the benefit of cane growing farmers of the state and also to enable the cane farmers and the sugar industry to grow together and contribute to state's all-round development,\" the CM said.He also said that through introduction of better technology, recycling of residual wastes from crushing, ethanol and the power generation, efforts would be made to benefit the farmers and also to generate new employment opportunities in this sector. He further added that in the next two years, the government would make all efforts to produce electricity from the sugar mills and would try to ensure that this power generation benefits the needs of the rural areas.Yadav also assured the farmer leaders that suggestions made in the three memoranda handed over to him would be studied on a priority basis and decision would be taken to benefit farmers to the best possible extent.The inter-state delegation of CIFA suggested setting up of a UP State Agriculture Commission, increasing investment in agriculture and use of bio-technology to counter diseases and pests, cultivating better variety fruits and vegetables, better storage facilities for longer shelf life of food grains, introducing specific crops for waterlogged and water deficit areas, ensuring quality seeds, saving the nutrients of crops during storage and transportation etc.The delegation was led by CIFA president Satnam Singh Behru from Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14497609", "title": "Apple top innovator in the world: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: While India has made significant progress on the innovation front, US and China will remain at the forefront of global technological innovation with the cloud-enabled consumer technology and business transformation for enterprises leading the chart, a KPMG survey has said.\"Technology executives worldwide believe that China and the US will be at the forefront of technological innovation, with the cloud technology enabling both the next indispensable consumer technology and business transformation for enterprises,\" it said.According to the survey, mobile technologies will continue to build on the cloud platform, providing breakthroughs to transform businesses.The 'Global Innovation Survey' by the consulting giant pointed out that India has also made significant progress in the path of innovation. KPMG surveyed executives from technology industry start-ups, mid-sized to large enterprises, venture capital firms and angel investors to identify disruptive technologies.\"India has made substantial and rapid strides on the path of innovation-based development and managed to adapt and implement a number of measures to support this development.\"The Indian Government has also invested significantly in technology. Communication technology like 3G has already made a mark in the country and the introduction of 4G will be a key enabler for most of the businesses, the survey said.\"The cloud platform has been leveraged and several e-governance initiatives have been launched. While the Government is one of the primary pillars to drive innovation and cutting-edge technology, involvement of the private sector is equally important for swift and effective enablement.\"The survey report noted that China will challenge the leadership of US in the field of technological innovation.\"There will be a potential challenge to Silicon Valley's position as technology innovation centre.\"The survey listed Apple as the top innovator in the world followed by Google and Microsoft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14483628", "title": "With Pranab's exit, PM presses restart button", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just days after lavishing praise on the president-in-waiting Pranab Mukherjee for his contributions to the UPA as a minister, the government seemed to be going for a clean break from his tenure as the finance minister.Amid indications that the government has started a review of the controversial tax demand on Vodafone, which came to define Mukherjee's latest innings in the finance ministry, the Congress-led ruling coalition has made enough noises to indicate its disappointment with the ministry. According to the official account, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called for the revival of animal spirits and for an end to the climate of pessimism at the review meeting he held on Wednesday with the finance ministry brass to take stock of the economy.Although this does not amount to a direct repudiation of the finance ministry's orientation under Mukherjee, the PM's remarks certainly seem to acknowledge the need for a course correction of sorts. The urgency to revive economy is certainly not flattering for the outgoing finance minister, who became a legend of sorts in UPA for his multiple roles for both the coalition and the ruling Congress, and who made it appear that he was doing all that was possible to do. He acknowledged the problem, but he blamed it on the global crisis.Significantly, in his remarks at the review meeting the PM referred to high inflation, low investment, sliding rupee and drying capital flows. Although all the indicators that Singh mentioned can be ascribed to global crisis, the PM's remarks also suggested that there was much that the government could do.The impression was strengthened when Singh, according to sources, on Thursday directed the revenue department, which assumed a new profile under Mukherjee, to put on hold its plan to slap the tax demand on Vodafone. The speed and manner in which the PMO has gone about since Singh took charge of the finance ministry seems to suggest as if the government was waiting for Mukherjee's departure to set the restart button: a keenness that is associated with regime changes rather than change of individual ministers.The atmospherics on the first day of Singh taking charge of the finance ministry suggested something else as well: he may have been handicapped by the towering presence of his powerful minister and political manager. Sources said, the PM differed with Mukherjee on many issues, including the retrospective tax on Vodafone, but was unable to assert himself because of latter's \"imposing\" presence.The PMO's recognition for the need for a swift damage control is shared outside. \"We have to go on the aggressive mode on the economic front and fix things for next elections,\" a minister said, adding that the revival action on political front could be dealt with a power-packed reshuffle in both the party and the government.The gap between the narrative that held Mukherjee to be crucial \u2014 even indispensable for UPA's functioning \u2014 and the widespread misgivings about the way he conducted the affairs of the finance ministry also puts spotlight on the dilemma that Congress leadership faced while dealing with its Presidential nominee. Sources said that the party saw the stalwart, a dyed-in-the-wool politician, as a useful complement in a dispensation led by an \"apolitical\" Singh.Mukherjee' readiness to slog even when he had been passed over as the PM led to the growing aura around the veteran Congressman, generating a cult appreciation of his role as troubleshooter and the leader of a clutch of GoMs that the government formed on nettlesome issues. His critics maintained that the perception of indispensability was outsized. Others complained about his increasingly short temper. However, many of the problems that he was assigned to work out \u2014 from Telangana statehood demand to how to work with a mercurial ally in Mamata Banerjee \u2014 remained unresolved.But the \"larger-than-life\" persona keeps getting bigger; courtesy in small way by the trend among senior ministers to focus on their narrow interests and detach themselves from the party's objectives. The stature may have helped, but in the finance ministry, sources say, it also became a hindrance, with Mukherjee putting his foot down on several issues.The mixed estimates of Mukherjee's legacy have led the PM and the Congress in an ironical situation, where they will be lauding his contributions, while actually seeking to change a significant part of how the ministry performed under him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480364", "title": "Expelled CPM leader fires fresh salvo", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expelled CPM youth leader Prasenjit Bose on Thursday fired fresh salvo against the party. He rubbished general secretary Prakash Karat's argument defending the decision to support UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee in the July 19 presidential poll.In a website post, the former convener of CPM's research unit wrote, the official explanation of the politburo \"fails to accurately address the arguments made while questioning and critiquing (as distinct from 'maligning') the decision\".Calling support to a Congressman as violation of the CPM's political-tactical line, Bose wrote, \"CPI (M)'s support for their future endeavours will be taken for granted and its opposition to economic policies and corruption considered to be token.\"Last Friday, Bose had sent his resignation to the party and posted it on a website calling the decision to support Mukherjee a \"grave error\". The next day, CPM rejected the contents of the letter and expelled him for \"maligning the political line of the party\".Earlier, in an article for the People's Democracy explaining why the CPM chose to support Mukherjee, Karat cited two main reasons: Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee's staunch opposition to Mukherjee and CPM's innate thrust for a President \"firmly secular and not in any way open to BJP influence\". \"The rift within the ruling alliance is something that the CPM took into account when deciding its stand,\" Karat wrote.Bose on Thursday wrote the CPM's decision is \"based upon elusive and unprincipled considerations of utilizing the fissures within ruling alliance between the bourgeois parties\". He called Karat's defence of the decision to support Mukherjee \"feeble and perfunctory\".Explaining why the CPM chose not to abstain, Karat had said it would mean \"lining up with Mamata Banerjee and the TMC in West Bengal . This would be politically damaging and unacceptable\". Besides defending the strongest base of the Left (in West Bengal), at the national level abstention would amount to CPM \"withdrawing from the fray\", Karat had said.Bose called the argument \"devoid of any rigour\". \"The Trinamool Congress is yet to announce its decision... How could CPI (M)'s decision on June 21 to abstain be interpreted as \"lining up with the TMC?\" Bose asked.He said the CPM's aligning with the Congress instead can be used by the Trinamool to its advantage.Bose's prescription for revival of the Left movement in Bengal was to politically fight both the Trinamool and Congress. Pitting the two parties against each other and then abandoning the Congress is \"opportunism\", said Bose. He slammed CPM for putting the Left unity at stake instead. \"While it is far from clear whether the alliance between the Congress and the TMC will break in the near future, Left unity has already become a casualty , demoralizing the rank and file of the Left,\" he wrote.He also rubbished the CPM consideration of a secular presidential candidate calling it \"irrelevant\". \"The BJP-backed candidate stands no chance to win, irrespective of the \"thrust\" of the CPI (M) and the Left parties,\" adding, \"it merely shows that CPI (M) is tailing bourgeois parties across the board.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14491674", "title": "Indoreans averse to update changing names of city places", "text": "INDORE: When in Indore ask an auto or taxi driver to take you to Madhavrao Scindia crossing and you would get a blank look. Say Bangali chouraha and their faces will light up and you will be whisked away to your desitnation.\"Though I live here for years, I didn't even know that Bangali Chouraha was renamed as Madhavrao Scindia square,\" says Aashnaa Bagga, resident of the same area, adding that people in Indore might not be knowing about the changed name of the crossing as they continue to use 'Bangali Chouraha' still. This is not the only crossing or a place that has lost its old identity in Indore, but there are many in the list.The city residents know the 'Manik Bagh Chouraha, but ask them where its rechristened version -- Abhay Chhajlani chouraha --- is and hardly anyone would be able to give you the right directions. \"Mhow Naka may have been renamed Lakshman Singh Gaur crossing some years ago, but people continue to call it by its original name,\" says Sangeeta Kulkarni, an employee with a private firm, adding that she doesn't like using the re-christened name while hiring an autorickshaw or a taxi.According to Harish Dev, an employee with a private firm in the city, \"The names of these roads and squares should not be changed as it causes a lot of inconvenience to the general public.\" Citing an example, he says that Malwa Mill crossing was renamed after seer Balinath some years ago but people still identify the place with its old name.Bhagwan Verma an autorickshaw driver said that though the people in the city knew the new names, they seldom use them. \"The other day a person asked me to drop him at Jivraj Sindhi Marg, but I did not know about this place. When I enquired later, I came to know that he wanted to go to R S Bhandari Marg,\" said Verma. He has been plying autorickshaw in the city for the last 20 years but was not able to find the old place with its new name.Another autorickshaw driver Ramesh Saini has termed the renaming as a political stunt and said that the old names of the city places did matter even today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14500587", "title": "Not yet, Baby!: Namrata Shirodkar", "text": "Mahesh Babu and Namrata's names were scrolling on regional TV channels that claimed that the couple had a baby girl. No sooner was this rumour out than netizens followed it up with gusto, congratulating the couple! When Hyderabad Times contacted Namrata, she replied saying, \"Not yet\". According to sources, the baby is due in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14481188", "title": "Old City corporators blame contractors for delay in works", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pointing out that several civic works were delayed by the South Zone GHMC officials in the Charminar constituency, MLA Ahmed Pasha Quadri and corporators of his segment demanded speedy completion of pending works before start of Ramzan.Reviewing civic works with GHMC South Zone officials at Sardar Mahal, MLA Pasha Quardi emphasized on speedy execution of works. The corporators raised concerns about delay in works owing to contractor inefficiency and demanded that erring contractors be blacklisted if works pending for more than two years are not completed before Ramzan.Hussaini Alam corporator Mir Zulfeqar Ali complained that street lights in the Old City have not been functioning properly owing to lack of maintenance. \"The high mast and mini mast lights have received very little maintenance and are not functioning in many parts of South Zone,\" he complained. Responding to this, the officials cited lack of ladders as an excuse.Delay in pre-monsoon de-silting works was another issue that corporators raised. \"Desilting works on Pathergatti road have not taken place though this road receives maximum traffic in Old City area,\" said Pathergatti corporator Mohsin Balala.Local leaders also said that works at Mecca Masjid have to be hastened. They asked for hiring private persons for maintenance during the month of Ramzan, besides urging the officials to complete RCC slab and tile laying works near the ablution area and the central fountain. They also pointed out that patches have to be laid on roads leading to mosques and temples. In view of the upcoming Shab-e-Baraat, the night the devout keep awake in prayers, the representatives said that many graveyards still needed to be cleaned and lighting facilities for the occasion are still not in place.Interestingly, neither the officials nor the leaders brought up the long-delayed Charminar Pedestrianization Project. The GHMC had earlier promised to take up cobble stone laying works on the Charminar-Sardar Mahal stretch and complete it before Ramzan.The GHMC is set to hold similar meetings with public representatives of other Old City constituencies in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14494551", "title": "Dancing music robot could soon make DJ's history", "text": "WASHINGTON: A musical companion developed by researchers recommends songs, dances to the beat and keeps the music pumping based on listener feedback.The smartphone-enabled, one-foot-tall robot, called Shimi, is billed as an interactive \"musical buddy.\"\"Shimi is designed to change the way that people enjoy and think about their music,\" Professor Gil Weinberg, director of Georgia Tech's Center for Music Technology and the robot's creator, said.Shimi is essentially a docking station with a \"brain\" powered by an Android phone. Once docked, the robot gains the sensing and musical generation capabilities of the user's mobile device. In other words, if there's an \"app for that,\" Shimi is ready.For instance, by using the phone's camera and face-detecting software, the bot can follow a listener around the room and position its \"ears,\" or speakers, for optimal sound.Another recognition feature is based on rhythm and tempo. If the user taps or claps a beat, Shimi analyzes it, scans the phone's musical library and immediately plays the song that best matches the suggestion.Once the music starts, Shimi dances to the rhythm.\"Many people think that robots are limited by their programming instructions,\" Mason Bretan, Music Technology PhD candidate, said.\"Shimi shows us that robots can be creative and interactive,\" he said.Future apps in the works will allow the user to shake their head in disagreement or wave a hand in the air to alert Shimi to skip to the next song or increase-decrease the volume.The robot will also have the capability to recommend new music based on the user's song choices and provide feedback on the music play list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "14494280", "title": "20 Naxalites killed in encounter with CRPF in Chhattisgarh; 2 jawans critical", "text": "RAIPUR: In a major crackdown by CRPF, at least 20 Naxalites, including a woman, were killed in a fierce overnight encounter in the dense jungles of Dantewada in Chhattisgarh that left six jawans wounded.The encounter, which took place in the forests of Silger, an uncharted Maoist zone between the Naxalite hotbed of Jagargunda and Basaguda in Bijapur district of Bastar region, was launched on Thursday night in a joint operation by over 300 CRPF and state police personnel from three directions.Seventeen bodies of the ultras have been recovered from the spot, Chhattisgarh ADG (Naxal Operations) Ram Nivas said, adding the combing operations were underway and the toll may rise. There were reports of three more Naxalites being killed.Two Maoists, who were injured in the encounter, were apprehended and have been air-lifted for medical treatment to state capital Raipur , a senior CRPF official said.This is the biggest offensive by the security agencies in the Naxalite stronghold in Chhattisgarh this year, the official said.CRPF officials said two \"prominent\" Naxalites, operating in the Bijapur-Dantewada axis, were also killed in the encounter.Six CRPF men, including two CoBRA commandos, sustained bullet injuries and have been air-lifted for medical aid to Raipur. Two of them are critical, he said.This is the same area, close to Chintalnar, where Naxalites had carried out an audacious attack on security forces killing 75 CRPF men and one state police personnel in April 2010.Keeping in view the tough terrain and presence of a big Naxalite squad in mind, the CRPF had deputed a deputy inspector general (DIG) and two commandant rank officers, supported by an additional SP of state police, to lead the operation.The CRPF has mobilised three units of commandos and regular troops, aided by two helicopters for the encounter from three directions-- Jagargunda, Chintalnar and Basaguda.Heavy exchange of gunfire took place between the two sides which continued till early morning, sources said.The encounter comes over a month after Maoists had abducted and subsequently released the Collector of Sukma district--Alex Paul Menon, in Bastar region.The CRPF has deployed about 20 battalions (20,000 personnel) for undertaking anti-naxal operations in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14480408", "title": "Now, injectable oxygen can avoid cardiac arrest, brain injury", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can't breathe? No worries. Now, oxygen can now be injected.In a major breakthrough, a team of doctors, chemical engineers and particle scientists from the Boston Children's Hospital have designed tiny, gas-filled microparticles that can be injected directly into the bloodstream to quickly oxygenate the blood.This will be a boon for patients unable to breathe because of acute lung failure or an obstructed airway needing another way to quickly get oxygen to their blood to avoid cardiac arrest and brain injury.Scientists report that an infusion of these microparticles into rabbits with low blood oxygen levels restored blood oxygen saturation to near-normal levels within seconds.When the trachea was completely blocked, the infusion kept the animals alive for 15 minutes without a single breath and reduced the incidence of cardiac arrest and organ injury.The microparticles consist of a single layer of lipids (fatty molecules) that surround a tiny pocket of oxygen gas and are delivered in a liquid solution.Announcing this in the journal of Science Translational Medicine, John Kheir of the Department of Cardiology said the microparticle solutions are portable and could stabilize patients in emergency situations, buying time for paramedics to more safely place a breathing tube or perform other life-saving therapies.\"This is a short-term oxygen substitute \u2014 a way to safely inject oxygen gas \u2014 to support patients during a critical few minutes. Eventually, this could be stored in syringes on every code cart in a hospital, ambulance or transport helicopter to help stabilize patients who are having difficulty breathing. The microparticles would likely only be administered for a short time, between 15 and 30 minutes, because they are carried in fluid that would overload the blood if used for longer periods,\" Kheir said.The particles are different from blood substitutes, which carry oxygen but are not useful when the lungs are unable to oxygenate them. Instead, the microparticles are designed for situations in which lungs are completely incapacitated.Kheir began investigating the idea of injectable oxygen in 2006, after caring for a little girl who sustained a severe brain injury resulting from a severe pneumonia that caused bleeding into her lungs and severely low oxygen levels.Despite the team's best efforts, she died before they could place her on a heart-lung machine. Frustrated at his inability to save her, Kheir formed a team to search for another way to deliver oxygen.He said, \"We drew each other's blood, mixed it in a test tube with the microparticles and watched blue blood turn immediately red, right before our eyes.\" Over the years, Kheir and his team have tested various concentrations and sizes of the microparticles to optimize their effectiveness and to make them safe for injection.The team used a device called a sonicator, which uses high-intensity sound waves to mix the oxygen and lipids together. The process traps oxygen gas inside particles averaging two to four micrometers in size (not visible without a microscope). The resulting solution, with oxygen gas making up 70% of the volume, mixed efficiently with human blood. \"One of the keys to the success of the project was the ability to administer a concentrated amount of oxygen gas in a small amount of liquid. The suspension carries three to four times the oxygen content of our own red blood cells,\" he added.Intravenous administration of oxygen gas was tried in the early 1900s, but these attempts failed to oxygenate the blood and often caused dangerous gas embolisms. \"We have engineered around this problem by packaging the gas into small, deformable particles,\" he explained. \"They dramatically increase the surface area for gas exchange and are able to squeeze through capillaries where free gas would get stuck,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14475656", "title": "Agriculture department's auto weather station project to begin in October", "text": "PUNE: A Rs 100-crore project for installation of automatic weather stations (AWS) at the 2,100 revenue circles across the state in a public private partnership (PPP) mode, will commence from October this year, said state agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil here on Thursday.The department has engaged private weather forecaster, Skymet, as a consultant for this project and will soon float the tenders for AWS installation work, based on the consultant's report, he said.\"The AWS' are aimed at generating general weather data, crop advisories and other forecasting services that are critical to improved farm management and at reducing potential loss on account of the vagaries of weather,\" he added.The department has so far been relying solely on the data and agricultural meteorology services provided by the India Meteorological Department (IMD), which is the country's official weather forecaster. The PPP project is widely seen as a move to reduce its reliance on the IMD.\"We have to look for alternatives,\" Vikhe Patil said. \"It is not that we are under-estimating the services provided by the IMD, but when there are alternatives available there is nothing wrong to look for the same,\" he added.He said, \"The state government will invest 40% of the project cost while the remaining 60% will be invested by the private parties engaged for installing the AWS. Each of these AWS will cover an area of 20 to 25 km radius and their data and services will be provided to the government free of cost for 10 years.\"However, these AWS operators will also be at liberty to sell their data and services to other private users like insurance, seed and fertiliser companies and private corporates, he added.A senior agriculture department officer told TOI, \"We have set 10 to 15 different parameters like weather forecasting, rainfall data, humidity, atmospheric pressure , etc. for the AWS operators to provide services.\"The agriculture universities are already generating meteorological data of their own quite successfully and accurately but the same is confined to a very limited area of operation, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14490711", "title": "Prisoner shines in Odisha board exam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Rajendra Majhi (23), an under trial prisoner (UTP) now lodged in Puri jail on charges of drug peddling, has scripted a success story of sorts by bagging first division in Odisha high school certificate (HSC) examination, results which were declared on Thursday.A native of Rayagada district, Majhi who wrote the examination through correspondence course, secured 455 marks out of total 600. While Majhi got 75 marks out of 100 in Odiya, he fetched 62 marks in English and 93 in Sanskrit. He also performed well in other subjects.Sources said Majhi is the lone 'first division' achiever among 17 prisoners (both UTPs and convicts), who appeared the HSC examination from different jails in Odisha. Puri slammer basked in glory as Majhi was the only prisoner, who wrote HSC examination from the unit in the living memory.\"My hard labour behind the bar paid off. I used to devote more than 8 hours for study every day. Jail authorities helped me a lot in pulling out all odds,\" said Majhi, who discontinued education at Class VIII from Rambha High School in Ganjam district in 2005.\"This was my first attempt in HSC test. I never got opportunities in the past following poverty. Last year, I got admission in correspondence course. Jail authorities supplied me books and other materials,\" said Majhi, who was arrested on April 28, 2010 on charges of smuggling marijuana at Tulasipur in Puri. He was booked under charges of Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act.Majhi was present in his relative's house when excise sleuths conducted raid and found the intoxicants in the house. \"I was innocent. I had visited my uncle's house when police raided and found marijuana in his house. It was my bad luck,\" Majhi said.Though Majhi recorded success in matriculation examination, he is apprehensive about future. \"I am unclear about my future as I am struggling to come out of jail on bail. My parents are very poor to afford the bail bond for my release. I appeal to the government to come to my rescue,\" Majhi said.Puri jailer Rabindranath Swain said the prison department would provide necessary support for his higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14497257", "title": "Jism 2", "text": "CreditsDirector: Pooja Bhatt Cast: Sunny Leone, Arunoday Singh, Randeep Hooda Producer: Pooja Bhatt , Dino Morea Banner: Clockwork Films presents a Fisheye Network production. Release Date: Aug 3, 2012SynopsisA porn star is hired by a dashing intelligence officer to become a 'Honey-trap' for a dreaded assassin. In doing so, she not only has to confront her bitter-sweet past, but is also forced to make an impossible choice - one that will put her own life in double jeopardy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14490337", "title": "School Boards to announce percentile of top 20 students in a week", "text": "NEW DELHI: School Boards across the country on Thursday decided to make available the percentile of top 20 candidates within seven days to help students get a clear picture of the marks required to be eligible for IIT entrance.Reaching a compromise formula, the IIT council had on Wednesday announced that admission to IITs from 2013 would be based only on rank achieved in the advance test and selected candidates would be in the top 20 percentile of successful ones of their boards.The representatives of the school Boards assembled here on Thursday for the Council of Boards of School Education (COBSE) meet, an apex body of all the boards, councils of secondary, senior education in the country.\"It was decided that the equivalent percentage of marks for top 20 percentile students would be available (within 7 to 10 days) to students so that they are able to know the percentage of marks that will make them eligible for IIT Entrance,\" said a statement after the meeting.The meeting was called to discuss operational issues arising out of the decision by the IIT Council.In all, 20 of 29 boards' chairpersons and representatives were present during which they \"wholeheartedly supported the idea of giving weightage to the Boards Examinations' Results and were of the view that this will definitely strengthen the school education,\" the statement added.To ensure the new format functions smoothly, the boards decided to declare their results before June 10 and will complete the revaluation work within June 30 of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14477006", "title": "22 students get more 100% in Std XI", "text": "NAGPUR: In any examination, crossing even 90% barrier remains a dream. Until a few years back, it was considered a big achievement. Even the merit lists, now a thing of the past, used to start at 90%. The situation, however, changed in the last couple of years owing to various factors, especially in the SSC or Class X exam conducted by various boards.Even in recent CBSE results, the 90%-plus club swelled to over 28,000 students plus marks from just 8,000 five years back. Except this year, those scoring 90% marks have increased in last two years in state board exams as well. On Tuesday, when the provisional merit list for bifocal courses for Standard XI was released by the state education department, it revealed 22 candidates scoring a perfect 100% (500/500), the same number as last year. Interestingly, it is for the third time in the 12 years of centralized admission process (CAP) that such a large number of students in the list are on equal footing, making competition even stiffer.Education department officials attributed this to state government's largesse of 20 marks for viva voice in each subject. On top of it came 25 marks for sports and for National Cadet Corps ( NCC) and drawing awarded to the candidates for their participation. From 2010, the 'Best Five' formula where marks of only five highest scoring subjects were taken into account, also had a telling affect on scores of state board which rose to as high as 99%. Coupled with sports quota and other marks, their percentage had crossed the magical barrier of 100% third year in a row.Since last two years, the 'Best Five' policy has led to domination of merit list by the state board candidates who find their names above those from CBSE/ICSE students. In the list of 22 students, only eight are CBSE candidates (seven opting for board exam, one for school exam) and not a single one from ICSE.The education department published a list of 5,746 candidates which is led by Poornima Jain. After accepting grievances, final merit list will be released on Friday. Nearly, 1,561 CBSE candidates (185 opting for school exam, 1376 opting for board exam) have found their names in the list followed by 41 ICSE and 13 students from other boards.The spot admissions will begin at Panjabrao Deshmukh auditorium on the premises of Dhanwate National College (DNC) from June 30 to July 8. The aspirants have been advised to remain present with all original documents and their claim will stand cancelled if they skipped the rounds.(With inputs from Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14497957", "title": "Paquin calls sex scenes with Skarsgard 'comfortable'", "text": "Anna Paquin has said that filming steamy scenes with co-star Alexander Skarsgard was \"completely comfortable\".Moreover, the openly bisexual 29-year-old actress, who is pregnant to real-life husband and co-star Stephen Moyer , also insisted that Moyer and Skarsgard are 'buddies'.\"We feel completely comfortable together,' the Daily Mail quoted Paquin as saying in an interview with Redbook magazine.\"Steve and Alex are buddies,\" she said.\"Its nothing like, 'Oh, hi, nice to meet you. Now let's take off our clothes and go into the fog',\" she said.\"Everyone is very respectful of each other's boundaries ...They're all very gentlemanly about it,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14481594", "title": "Say no to plastic bags, say students", "text": "NASHIK: Hundred students in the age group of 9-10 years distributed paper bags to shopkeepers at Panchavati and performed a street play on Thursday to create awareness against river pollution.Students of class IV from Ryan International School along with Manav Utthan Manch (MuM) distributed 500 paper bags to the shopkeepers in Ramkund area, Kapaleshwar temple and other areas in Panchavati that are close to the river. The students shouted slogans and performed their street play in three places in Panchavati to create awareness about the hazards of river pollution and the usage of plastic bags.The street play, performed by 17 students, was based on overall cleanliness, river pollution and water hyacinth. \"We are performed the play to create awareness on the hazards of using plastic bags,\" said a student Aditya Suryawanshi, who performed in the play.Satwik Tajane, another student said, \"We asked the shopkeepers and people not to use plastic bags.\" Another student, Tanishka Dhongade said that they pleaded people not to pollute River Godavari and thus save the city from pollution.The students said that the shopkeepers were very happy to receive the paper bags but on being asked to hand over their plastic bags, they said they did not have any.\"The students made the paper bags in the school with the help of the drawing teacher Krishna Bangera and class their respective class teachers. The shopkeepers were very happy,\" said headmistress of the school, Sadhana Kshatritya. Jagbir Singh of Manav Utthan Manch, who helped organize the activity, said that the students were asked to bring newspapers and old calendars from home. The school approached MuM to guide them with the activity.Tanishka Dhongade, one of the students, said that they urged pleaded people to not pollute river Godavari and thus save the city from pollution. The students said that the shopkeepers were very happy to receive the paper bags but were hesitant when asked to hand over their plastic bags to them. on being asked to hand over their plastic bags, they said they did not have any.\"The students made the paper bags in the school with the help of the drawing teacher Krishna Bangera and class their respective class teachers. The shopkeepers were very happy,\" said headmistress of the school, Sadhana Kshatritya. Jagbir Singh of Manav Utthan Manch, who helped organize the activity, said that the students were asked to bring newspapers and old calendars from home. The school approached MuM to guide them with the activity.The street play, performed by 17 students, was based on overall cleanliness, river pollution and water hyacinth. \"We are performing the play to create awareness amongst people about pollution and environment, plastic bags etc,\" said a student Aditya Suryawanshi, who performed in the play.Satwik Tajane, a student said, \"We asked the shopkeepers and people not to use plastic bags.\" Another student, Tanishka Dhongade said that they pleaded people not to pollute River Godavari and thus save the city from pollution. The students said that the shopkeepers were very happy to receive the paper bags but on being asked to hand over their plastic bags, they said they did not have any.Teachers Usha Acharya, Pooja Suryawanshi, Krishna Bangera, sports teacher Anwar Khan accompanied the students and guided them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14493830", "title": "Omar Abdullah orders immediate restoration of gutted shrine", "text": "SRINAGAR: Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah has ordered immediate restoration of gutted Dastageer Sahib Shrine at Khanyar strictly as per its heritage characteristics.\"The restoration of the revered Shrine should be strictly based on its heritage characteristics,\" Omar told the Wakf Board at a high-level meeting convened to discuss measures for restoration of Shrine on Thursday evening.The head of the INTACH, J&K; Chapter, Mohammad Saleem Beg presented the images, photographs and digital documentation of the heritage structure of the 200-year-old shrine.The chief minister expressed satisfaction over the heritage documentation of the Shrine by the INTACH. He said this documentation could provide required basis for restoring the Shrine as per its original structure.Omar also directed the Wakf Board to immediately notify the measures and put in place befitting mechanism to safeguard the revered Shrines in the state.Meanwhile, the restoration plan of the shrine was also discussed with the Sajada Nasheen (custodian) of the shrine) Syed Khalid Geelani.The chief minister said the suggestions and viewpoint of Geelani, management committee and the experts in heritage restoration should be factored in the process of restoration of the Shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14477915", "title": "Kerala Agriculture University to start agro service centres in all districts", "text": "THRISSUR: The Kerala Agriculture University (KAU) is setting up agro service centres (ASCs) in all districts in the state. The service centres will act as technology and information disseminating centres and provide modern machinery services to farmers.Prof U Jayakumaran of agriculture research station, KAU, said, \"We start one ASc each in all districts in the initial phase and later we are planning to open 100 ASCs across the state. The centres will be established at block level to facilitate integration of services like mechanization, Agricultural Technology Management Agency (ATMA)-based extension,credit support, weather advisory services, soil testing support and other technology based services.\"The state government has allotted Rs 2.5 crore to KAU to start the centres. Each ASC will be run by a facilitator, who may be a retired agricultural officer or teacher and will have 25 service facilitators to provide machinery services to farmers.The authorities have not yet identified the block panchayats where the ASCs will be set up. Preference will be given to those block panchayats which are willing to provide a front office and a machinery yard to keep the farm machinery. Computer with internet facility and mobile call centre will be established at the ASCs. Laboratory equipment to test soil properties like pH and EC; macro nutrients, pest and disease symptoms will also be arranged at the centre.Mobile farm clinic vehicle will also be set up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14497434", "title": "CCI fine on cement companies not enough: Vidarbha Tax Payers Association", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidarbha Taxpayers Association (VTA) has sent a memorandum to Competition Commission of India (CCI) chairperson Ashok Chawla and its Director General Ashok Chavan appreciating the agency for its action of slapping a fine of Rs 6,307 crore on 10 cement companies charged of cartelisation.However, VTA's secretary Tejinder Singh Renu has demanded that the fine calculated at 0.5 times of the profit for the year 2009-10 and 2010-11 is too less and it should be raised to a considerable limit so that it sets an example. Such a low penalty may leave the cement players undeterred.According to VTA president J P Sharma the actual cost of cement bag does not go beyond Rs 135 after taking in account transportation and taxation expenses, however by forming a cartel rates are ranging between Rs 300 to 320 a bag.The rates come down during monsoons due to a slack in construction activity. However, the trend has been reversed this year which only indicates of a cartel.Sharma said in May 2012 the per bag rates were in the range of Rs 250 to 255, but from June onwards all the major companies raised the price by almost Rs 67. The cement companies hold internal meetings regularly to decide on fixing prices, control of market share as well as holding back supplies into the market, he alleged.Renu alleges that cement companies are using Cement Manufacturers Association (CMA)-- the industry guild as a platform to control capacity utilisation of plants which leads to limiting supplies so as to hike the prices, which has finally led to the CCI slapping a fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14483108", "title": "Traffic jams wash away BMC's preparedness claims", "text": "MUMBAI: The first heavy showers in several parts of the city have made short shrift of the civic body's claims of rain-preparedness. Already a major tragedy involving a tree fall was reported on Thursday. Waterlogging led to traffic snarls at various parts of the city. The repeat of old problems, citizens said, shows that the pre-monsoon work undertaken by the BMC and other agencies was slapdash.The same spots in the western suburbs were once again affected by the heavy downpour. According to the BMC disaster management cell, the maximum number of complaints of waterlogging came from the R-South--Charkop, Kandivli--ward. The Malad subway was flooded owing to the clash of the high tide and first heavy showers, resulting in diversion of BEST routes. Similarly, the chronic Milan and Andheri subways were flooded too.Several parts of S V Road at Andheri, including the station area near Navrang cinema were submerged. Low-lying parts of S V Road were the worst hit, with traffic being brought to a standstill for hours. \"In a matter of an hour and a half, the road was flooded. Water level went on rising and finally entered my shop. Luckily, only a few files got damaged,\" said Vishu Agarwal who owns a shop near Andheri station.Sion Circle, another chronic flooding spot, was affected. Civic activist Nikhil Desai said, \"In a matter of minutes, Sion Circle was flooded. It is a problem that we face every year.\" In Khar, C D Marg was flooded at 14, 15 and 16 Road junctions. Anandini Thakoor, chairperson H-West Federation, said, \"At 8:20am, the road was completely waterlogged and, as usual, traffic was hampered.\"The condition at the eastern suburbs was no better. Long traffic jams were reported from Ghatkopar and Kurla. Commuters had a harrowing time with the rain coinciding with office hours.Waterlogged areasBhandup's Sonapur junctionKalpana Talkies junctionPivla bungalow at DharaviKachrapatti junction at DharaviAshish Cinema junctionKalachowkie junctionKandivli's Poisar subwayRamnagar subway at VakolaReliance Energy office at Milind Nagar on JVLRMTNL junction at Goregaon", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "14476643", "title": "Growing rice faster by system rice intensification method is here", "text": "KERI: Krishi Vigyan Kendra agronomists attached to the Indian Council of Agriculture Research, Old Goa, and priests of Pilar society, Bhironda, are jointly involved in the experiment of growing rice by using the system rice intensification (SRI) methodology at the Jogati nature farm situated on the banks of the Mhadei river in Sattari taluka.\"This methodology is not only time and labour saving but at the same time it makes use of less seeds of rice. Through this methodology rice plants can be more productive particularly by greater root growth,\" said Hiralal Prabhudesai, the agronomist of Krishi Vigyan Kendra.He further added, \"In a state like Goa, where agriculture is on the decline due to the labour problem and economic viability, the SRI methodology would boost agriculture.\"As per the tradition prevailing in Goa, it takes almost 21 days for transplantation of rice plants. But through this method it requires about 14 days for transplantation of rice plants and the use of plastic sheet minimizes losses of transplanted rice plants by allowing them to grow efficiently.Since the usage of mechanical weeder is possible, it also saves labour necessary for removal of weeds.Fr Inacio Almeida, who has taken the initiative to implement the methodology, said, \"SRI methodology was developed by Fr Henri de Laulanic, a French Jesuit who assembled the set of simple but synergistic practices. We have taken the initiative to set an example for Goan farmers to replicate our experiment and we have planned to get the Goan youth back to agriculture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14480387", "title": "Lightening kills five in Basirhat", "text": "KOLKATA: Five persons, including two women, were struck by died in lightning following storm and heavy downpour in Basirhat subdivision of North 24-Parganas late on Thursday evening.There was a heavy downpour coupled with thunder and lightening and more than 200 houses were damaged in the storm, said district administration sources. confirmed that in the impact of the thunder shower more than 200 mud houses were totally collapsed at different pockets of the subdivision including in some portions of the Sunderbans.Roads were blocked and and electricity snapped services were damaged in some areas. The impact of the storm was District administration sources said that the effect of the storm was mostly felt in Swarupnagar, Sandeshkhali and Hingalganj. Two farmers Giasuddin Mollah (55) and Tahirul Mondal (42) died at Swarupnagar after being struck by lightning. Both were returning home from field.Two others Amina Khatun(14) and her mother died at Sandeshkhali. Duo were on the veranda of their mud house where they were hit by the lightning. The fifth victim of the calamity was Sarathi Sardar of Hingalganj who was under open sky during the shower.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14477205", "title": "Swipe your fingers, get your khata", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's some good news for those facing problems while paying property tax: BBMP has enhanced its ambit of services for online payment. Now, along with IDBI Bank, Corporation Bank is also included for tax payment.BBMP is also looking at IT to curb the duplicate khata racket, and will introduce a biometric document from this year. This means, the khata will be issued only if fingerprints are taken. \"We have instances where the same property has many khatas. The e-governance department has already initiated a project to have a unique ID number for every property, so there are no fake khatas and duplication of documents.To bring all civic amenities under the Global Information System (GIS), BBMP is set to establish a data centre at its IPP centre in Malleswaram. This will be used to monitor and maintain roads, street lighting, storm water drains, electrical network and traffic control. This data can also be used by other civic agencies -- BDA, BWSSB, BMTC and Bescom.Realizing that many IT companies and group housing complexes have understated the extent of their properties in the Self Assessment Scheme, BBMP has come up with a move to survey all high-value properties through the GIS. During the survey, such properties will be revaluated to increase property tax collection and will be monitored based on data in the GIS server.In order to enhance property tax collection, BBMP will bring all apartment complexes, serviced apartments and paying guest accommodation under the tax net, and expects to collect Rs 2,000 crore.BBMP, which has failed to provide even the required staff and medical equipment to its hospitals, is looking to establish the Hospital Information Management System ( HIMS). This new information system will be developed to capture information on hospitals and patients in a systematic database.CODES FOR ROADSEvery street will have a unique permanent number and a road history will be maintained. Any work taken up on a road -- be it filling of potholes, relaying tar, road-cutting for laying water pipelines, will be taken up based on this road history. It is expected to play a major role in issuing the transferable development right (TDR) certificate to those affected by road widening, as the PID number of the properties and unique road number must be quoted mandatorily to avoid misuse of the TDR scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14478477", "title": "Chemists, MRs booked for illegal sale of abortion pills", "text": "NAGPUR: Two chemist and two medical representatives (MRs) have been booked for their alleged involvement in illegal sale of medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) kits by making fake bills. The offence was registered at Tehsil police station on a complaint lodged by FDA inspector Kishore Rajane.Cousins Satish Bhojwani and Rakesh Bhojwani, owners of PM Medical and Surgical wholesale shop at Gandhibagh, and two MRs of a reputed company, Shailesh Wagh (25) and Rakesh Ghogre (33), have been booked under relevant sections of Indian Penal Code for cheating and forgery as well as under sections of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act 1940.Since June 6, the FDA has been carrying out both awareness as well as checking drive regarding MTP drugs being sold without proper prescription from doctors by both retailers and wholesalers.On Wednesday, during one such inspection, Rajane and his team found fake sales receipts for tablets like abortion pills Perpreg, Emtee from Wagh and Ghogre. \"It is learnt that Wagh and Ghogre had fabricated orders of abortion pills in the name of five doctors, including from city and rural areas. They even forged signatures on the order receipt,\" said Rajane.However, the doctors denied having purchased MTP kits from the MRs. They also claimed that they haven't received any kits.\"The chemist is not allowed to directly sell the pills to MRs. They should first enquire about the details and confirm whether the doctors are gynecologists. Such pills are given either to gynecologists or some specific hospitals,\" added Rajane.This is the second such case during the drive. Recently, Kotwali police had booked chemist Rajesh Gattani under the same charges and a FIR was registered at Kotwali police station.FDA officials said that the kits have been received by Wagh and Ghogre and it is suspected that they might have sold the pills to unauthorized doctors from rural areas.On the other hand, Maharashtra Sales and Medical Representatives Association (MSMRA), an affiliate of Federation of Medical and Sales Representatives Associations of India (FMRAI), claimed that the main focus of FDA is female foeticide, which is due to the doctors and not by either medical representatives or by stockists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14483863", "title": "Soon, a jab to help you kick the butt", "text": "LONDON: Struggling to kick the butt? Don't worry, as scientists have developed a new \"genetic vaccine\" that can halt your nicotine cravings, a breakthrough they say could help millions of smokers to quit the habit.The DNA injection, just a shot of which makes antibodies against nicotine, could also be used to vaccinate children to stop them ever getting hooked, researchers said. The jab has so far been tested on mice, but researchers hoped that human trials could begin in as little as two years, the Daily Mail reported.The jab contains genes \"programmed\" to make antibodies that neutralize nicotine before it reaches the brain, where it would normally trigger the pleasurable feelings that underlie addiction, the researchers said.Thus, the vaccine is designed to use the animal's liver as a factory to continuously produce antibodies that gobble up nicotine the moment it enters the bloodstream.Dr Ronald Crystal, who led the research at Weill Cornell Medical College in New York, said the theory is that if smokers no longer get such gratification from cigarettes, they will find it easier to quit.Most smokers who try to quit light up again within six months, but \"this novel vaccine may offer a much-needed solution\", he said. The injection tricks the liver into continuously making antibodies, ensuring there are always some in the blood to fight nicotine, Dr Crystal explained.In the study, when vaccinated mice were given nicotine, the antibodies cut the amount that made its way to the brain by 85%, with no effect on their behaviour, blood pressure or heart rate, he added . The research, published in journal Science Translational Medicine, is still at an early stage and the need for large-scale studies means the jab is at least five years from the market. If it is proved to be safe and effective, it could eventually be included in school vaccination programmes to stop youngsters from ever starting to smoke, Dr Crystal added.Previously tested nicotine vaccines have failed in clinical trials because they all directly deliver nicotine antibodies, which only last a few weeks and require repeated, expensive injections, he said.Darren Griffin, at Kent University, said the study had \"great potential\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14481624", "title": "Assam hit by worst floods in 8 years", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam government on Thursday declared the current floods in the state as the worst since 2004. So far 23 people have died in the calamity even as the army, IAF and the National Disaster Response Force of BSF have been pressed into service for rescue and relief operations.Government spokesman and agriculture minister Nilamoni Sen Deka said, \"The government is making all necessary efforts to help the affected people. This is the worst flood since 2004. The water level of the Brahmaputra and all its tributaries is rising abnormally. Barpeta and Nalbari districts were the first to be hit. So far, 21 districts have been hit. Altogether 1,747 villages have been completely inundated.\"The river island of Majuli has been hit the hardest after the main protection dyke was breached on Wednesday.Defence spokesman Lt-Col SS Phogat said troops of Red Horns Division have been mobilized to carry out rescue and relief operations in Baksa, Barpeta and Nalbari districts. \"A large number of villages in these three districts have been affected due to incessant rain over the three days. Six army columns, comprising 200 army personnel with flood relief equipment, are carrying out rescue operation under the supervision of Brigadier Beant Parmar, commander, Hamesha Aaage Brigade.\"The defence spokesman said so far about 70 civilians have been rescued from the villages of Bherberi, Garbhitar, Dhulabari and Balitara and taken to safer places. The army columns are also assisting the civil administration in carrying distributing relief material like food, water and medicine to marooned villages.The IAF helicopter units and transport aircraft fleet under the Eastern Air Command have been engaged to carry out relief work. The two Mi-17 units based in Mohanbari are on standby for mercy missions. Four AN-32 tactical transport aircraft from Jorhat airbase airlifted 140 NDRF personnel from Kolkata and 14 tons of relief material to Guwahati and Jorhat.The Eastern Air Command has also set up a disaster management centre hub in its headquarters in Upper Shillong to effectively monitor relief activities in the region.Deep divers of NDRF, along with life-saving equipment like inflatable boats, huge quantity of life jackets and life buoys have so far evacuated 2,472 marooned people to safer places. A BSF spokesman said the NDRF teams, so far, have distributed about 350 quintals of relief materials, including life-saving medicines, among flood affected victims of Guijan, Boragaon, Barakuri, Hathibat, Bajni, Sisnni, Laopani, Gulzar Basti, Kherbari and Nutangaon in Tinsukia district.Apart from Tinsukia, NDRF teams have been deployed in Dhemaji, North Lakhimpur, Sonitpur, Sivasagar, Rangia, Nagaon and Majuli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14497744", "title": "Love to blossom in Kairee!", "text": "Shashi &amp; Sumeet Mittal Productions' Kairee Rishta Khatta Meetha on Colors TV is gearing up for some sweet and sour moments.The romance which has been missing from the show will slowly makes its way into the hearts of the main leads: Ambi ( Preeti Chaudhary) and Anuj ( Jay Bhanushali). Sources inform that in the upcoming episodes, Ambi will determine to make a place for herself in Anuj's heart.In tonight's episode, Ambi will come to know the truth from her saas Imarti that Anuj is in love with someone else. That is the reason why he ignores her. We will now see that Ambi will do the wifely chores for her husband like pick his clothes for him and pack his tiffin. But Anuj will turn a deaf ear to Ambi. But eventually, he will warm up towards her and the two will share some light moments. Says Preeti, \"Anuj doesn't want me to tend to him but as his wife, I still want his attention. I want to have an equation with my husband\". What's also interesting, that from next week, Ambi's appearance will undergo a slight change as she will say bye to the pallu and will also leaver her hair open.Simultaneously, in a parallel track, Ambi and Imarti devi will come face to face and Ambi will dig into Imarti devi's past. She will learn the real reason behind Imarti's strictness. Imarti devi's husband, who gave her a tough time, eventually abandoned her. Which is why, over a period of time, she turned into a hard, bitter woman. She cannot see her sons happy and will not allow their wives to get close to them because she is afraid of being abandoned by her kids too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14476579", "title": "2 booked for forging salary certificate", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police have registered a case against two persons, Subhash Chari, a resident of Cuncolim, and Salvador Souza, a resident of Margao, for forging a salary certificate issued by the chief officer of the Margao municipal council (MMC) and producing it in a bank to obtain a loan.The chief officer of the MMC, J B Bhingui, in his complaint to the police, said that the forgery came to light when the bank referred the certificate to the MMC for verification.\"The bank officials must have become suspicious about the authenticity of the salary certificate and hence decided to check its veracity,\" police sources told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14480941", "title": "Onion wholesale prices in district up by 23 to 31%in district APMCs", "text": "NASHIK: The average wholesale prices in various APMCs ( Agriculture Produce Market Committee) in Nashik district on Thursday shot up in the range of 23 to 31 percent in past two weeks due to rise in demand and decline in supply.The average wholesale onion prices in APMCs in Nashik district on Thursday increased in the range of Rs 500 to Rs 540 a quintal, against in the range of Rs 400 to Rs 415 a quintal on June 14.\"The rates have increased by around Rs 100 to Rs 130 a quintal in the past two weeks due to fluctuation in the demand and supply gap. The supply has declined and demand has picked up, comparatively causing rise in the prices. Generally, regular supply in Lasalgaon APMC, which is around 15,000 to 20,000 quintals a day, has declined to around 10,000 quintals a day. The summer crop has a shelf life of six to eight months and that is why maximum farmers store their commodities, hoping that they would get better prices. Accordingly, Farmers bring their produce in the market step by step and as per their financial need. This summer crop will continue to arrive in the market by October end,\" an official from Lasalgaon APMC told TOI.The average wholesale prices in Lasalgaon APMC, the largest onion market in Asia, increased by 31.70% per cent to Rs 540 a quintal on Thursday, against Rs 410 a quintal on June 14. The minimum and maximum rates were recorded at Rs 161 and Rs 671 a quintal, respectively on Thursday. Around 10,000 quintals of onions were auctioned on Thursday in Lasalgaon APMC.In Pimpalgaon APMC, the average wholesale prices increased by 23.13% to Rs 511 a quintal on Thursday, against Rs. 415 a quintal on June 14. The minimum and maximum rates were recorded at Rs 250 and Rs 705 a quintal, respectively, on Thursday. Around 15,000 quintals of onions were auctioned on Thursday in Pimpalgaon APMC.In Yeola APMC, the average wholesale onion prices increased by 25% to Rs 500 a quintal on Thursday, against Rs 400 a quintal on June 14.The minimum and maximum prices were recorded at Rs 200 and Rs 611 a quintal, respectively on Thursday. Around 4,500 quintals of onions were auctioned on Thursday in Yeola APMC.\"The average wholesale prices of onions are expected to reach upto Rs 800 a quintal by July end and the export market is expected to pick up by August end. Onion prices will definitely shoot up if onion exports pick up at large,\" an APMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14480949", "title": "Govt gears up to tackle flood", "text": "PATNA: As the water level in rivers originating in Nepal and passing through north Bihar plains has begun to rise despite scanty rain in the plains due to weak monsoon so far, the state water resources department (WRD) has also started pulling up its socks to keep vigil on around three dozen identified vulnerable points (IVPs) where the pressure of swelling water in the rivers concerned could breach the embankments and related constructions at any point of time over the next three months till October 15.\"There are around 40 IVPs that require utmost vigil, but breach can occur in the embankments elsewhere, too. This means that the engineers of the department have to always remain on high alert for three months, beginning June 15, in the 28 flood-prone districts of the state,\" said a senior WRD official, adding, \"For us, flood fighting has come on high priority list.\"The department, in the meantime, has completed 360 of the 373 anti-erosion schemes that it started implementing from March this year. They had to be completed by May 31, but after a state-level review of the work done, the last date for the completion of the schemes was extended upto June 20. \"Around a dozen schemes could not be completed due to obstruction and objections by local people in most of such cases.\"While the state WRD considers 28 of the 38 districts as flood prone, the Centre recognises only 15 of them as flood prone. As per the assessment of Ganga Flood Control Commission (GFCC), of the 39 flood-prone districts in the country, Bihar accounts for 15 of them. Overall, the anti-erosion work has been undertaken by the state government in 28 flood-prone districts at a total cost of around Rs 661 crore.The major anti-erosion projects which were taken up for implementation this year are Bagaha Town Protection (BTP) work worth Rs 48 crore, repair of spurs in the area of Ismailpur in Gopalpur block of Bhagalpur district involving an expenditure of Rs 23 crore, restoration and strengthening of Pipra-Piprasi embankment of the river Gandak worth Rs 14.60 crore and filling the gap in embankment near Ramayanpur in Manihari block in Katihar district that necessitated expenditure of Rs 9.8 crore. Besides, the anti-erosion work in the Adhwara group of rivers in Sitamarhi and Sheohar districts, with a total project cost of Rs 167 crore, was also started, but it, like the BTP work, is a two-year project and has to be completed by next year, it is learnt.\"All other schemes, in terms of their cost factor, are comparatively minor projects. Their individual project cost was less than Rs 1 crore,\" the official said, adding that for the flood fighting work reserves of flood-fighting materials to plug breaches have also been kept in reserve both at the IVPs and at several other nodal centres including Birpur, Begusarai, Samastipur and Patna. These items include black wire, nylon crates, geo-bags, empty cement bags, porcupines that break the speed of flowing water and also diverts its course, and boulders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14496157", "title": "Salman Khan's emotional appeal to Pakistanis", "text": "While there's a lot of bad blood between India and Pakistan - thanks to Surjeet and Sarabjit dilemma, there's one Indian who has not given up yet.It's none other than Salman Khan, who has now started a crusade for Sarabjit, who's languishing in Pakistani jail for decades.Emotional message\"It's a personal request to all of you in Pakistan to send Sarabjit back to his family in Punjab. Hope you find it in your hearts to help,\" he tweeted to millions of his fans in Pakistan.With love to sisKhan, who's extremely close to his own sisters, explained: \"I wanted to tweet this for the longest time, saw a picture of Sarabjit's sister, it killed me. Felt real sad for her. Help me and help her....Be a part of one family's happiness. It would be the most amazing gesture, to send Sarabjit back to his family after 30 years. Hope you support me like its your own cause.\"Request, dil seSallu's appeal would have touched many hearts when he said: \"Request to the awaam of Pakistan, members of the press, govt of Pakistan, president Zardari, a humble request. Please.. Allah ka vasta !\"No wonder Salman Khan is loved universally, for all these humane and sensitive gestures!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14482496", "title": "Chennaiites say drip, drip hooray", "text": "CHENNAI: A sudden spell of rain that lasted a few hours on Thursday evening brought smiles to the faces of Chennaiites. It also resulted in the usual chaos on roads, flooding subways and throwing the traffic out of gear.On Thursday, Nungambakkam recorded 20mm of rain while Meenambakkam registered 42.6mm. Many inner lanes and main roads were inundated and a few subways, including the Aranganathan subway in West Mambalam and the one opposite the Reserve Bank in Parry's Corner, were at least three feet deep in water. \"The clouds remained dark throughout the evening giving a hint of the heavy showers in the offing. Getting wet after a long spell of scorching heat was really enjoyable,\" said S Ananathuraman, an advocate in the Madras high court. Heavy rain is also likely in some city areas on Friday, the Met department said.As the rain continued, reports of vehicles stranded in traffic snarls at important junctions and arterial roads flooded newspaper offices. Vehicular movement on vital stretches like Anna Salai, Kamaraj Salai, Purasawalkam Main Road, GST Road, 100 Feet Main Road, especially near the CMBT in Koyambedu, OMR, Sardar Patel Road near IIT Madras and Velachery Main Road was affected. There were also long lines of vehicles at the Vijayanagar junction in Velachery and the Tidel Park junction in Taramani. Power supply went off in several residential areas in Valasaravakkam, Vadapalani, Alandur, Nanganallur, Madipakkam, Anna Nagar, Villivakkam and Tambaram. \"Since 5.30pm, when the downpour began, we have been in darkness but have been unable to reach officials at the local TNEB office to make complaints,\" said TR Ganeshan, a resident of Valasaravakkam.Met department officials said the rain was due to convection, or the transfer of heat from one place to another by the movement of water. The high heat and humidity resulted in formation of clouds stretching from North Chennai to Mamallapuram, a distance of around 80km, that finally burst into rain, they said. On Thursday, the maximum temperature in Meenambakkam was 38 degrees Celsius, while Nungambakkam recorded a maximum of 36.5 degrees Celsius. The humidity was 97% in Nungambakkam and 93% in Meenambakkam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14490070", "title": "RTE Act not applicable to unaided minority schools: Madras HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Citing a Supreme Court ruling, the Madras High Court has held that the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act 2009 was not applicable to unaided minority schools.The constitutional validity of the Act had been challenged in the apex court which had held that sec 12(1)(c) and 18(3) infringed upon the fundamental freedom guaranteed to unaided minority schools under Article 30(1) of the Constitution and the act would not apply to such schools, Justice K Chandru said.The judge was dismissing a petition by S Gnanavel, who sought a direction to a school in Neyveli to admit his daughter to lower kindergarten.The judge said in the light of the 'factual and legal' position, the claim of the petitioner invoking the provision of the 2009 Act need not be gone into and added that the petitioner had not made out any case to interfere with the order by the school declining admission.The school contended that since it was a religious minority institution it was protected under Article 30(1) and hence the provisions of the 2009 Act would not apply to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14482105", "title": "UP seeks temporary IAS posts for PCS officers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has stepped in to end the decade-old status quo on promotion of PCS officers to IAS cadre. In a letter sent to the Union government seeking approval for the creation of 11 temporary posts for promoted PCS officers, Akhilesh has said this will address the acute shortage of administrative staff in the state.The move is expected to appease the warring PCS lobby, which in the past has opposed the decision. The posts, the CM said, will be dissolved automatically once the promoted officer retires from service.Once clearance comes from department of personnel and training, the cadre controlling authority for IAS officers, the state government can begin inducting officers of provincial civil services to IAS level postings.\"Due to the shortage of officers, many bureaucrats have been put in charge of multiple assignments. Once the Centre approves the promotion of senior officers from the PCS to be elevated as district magistrates, the situation is expected to get better,\" Akhilesh told TOI.At present, Uttar Pradesh has nearly 150 vacancies at IAS levels, to which officers from the PCS and other state services can be appointed. \"This matter has been pending for over 10 years now, with officers going to court against each other. We have found a solution where we can execute our work without creating any dispute. As a result, I've recommended temporary posts that will cease to exist once a promoted officer retires from service.\" In 2002, the Samajwadi Party had included PCS officers' demand in its poll manifesto.The strength of the IAS cadre in UP is 537 officers, of which 374 are recruited directly, while the remaining 163 are inducted from the state civil services from the executive branch. However, only a handful of officers from the PCS and state services cadre could be promoted in the past six years because of a delay in the cadre review and a writ filed by a group of PCS officers at the Central Administrative Tribunal. Now, with the Supreme Court striking down quotas in promotions, promotions to the IAS cadre can begin once again.A senior PCS officer, on condition of anonymity, said: \"To a large extent, the delay in promotions was because of administrative mismanagement. With nearly 150 vacancies in the IAS cadre, the state government should have proposed 30 names for promotions annually. This was not done. In the past two years, the situation worsened because of this quota in promotions issue.\"UP at present has over 100 senior PCS officers who are eligible for promotion to IAS cadre. According to the PCS cadre rule book, an officer can be promoted to the IAS cadre after having put in a minimum eight years of service, for having made extraordinary contribution to the state government. But several officers in the PCS cadre have still not been promoted even after having put in over 30 years of service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14500466", "title": "Birders worried about the tiny Narcondam Hornbill population", "text": "Birders are worried about the plight of an endangered bird species called the Narcondam Hornbill found in just one of the islands of the Andaman and Nicobar Island group. It gets its name from its small island home 'Narcondam island.'A proposal from the Indian Coast Guard to build a surveillance radar installation and a diesel power generation station on the island was recently placed before the Standing Committee of the National Board for Wildlife (NBWL). The plan includes new constructions, a wide two kilometre road. But this proposal according to wildlife scientists and bird experts will create disturbance for the tiny Narcondam hornbill population.Asad R Rahmani, Director, Bombay Natural History Society, who visited the site in February on behalf of the standing committee, has recommended the rejection of this proposal. Other independent members of the NBWL at the last Standing Committee meeting held on 13 June 2012 also expressed concern.National Conservation Foundation (NCF) has recently written to the ministry of environment and forests (MOEF) urging them to stop the construction of the project and create better protection for the bird.The NCF consisting of a number of wildlife scientists including Divya Mudappa and TR Shankar Raman have highlighted that : \"The Narcondam Hornbill is found as a single population of less than some 350 birds endemic to and exclusively found on the tiny (681 ha) island of Narcondam. This small and unique island harbors the world's only population of this hornbill species. Studies by the Salim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History (SACON), Coimbatore, suggested that this number represented a decline from around 400 individuals earlier. The small and possibly declining population of this species requires highest protection,\" they said in the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14498153", "title": "Court acquits \"mentally ill\" husband for murdering wife.", "text": "MARGAO: A resident of Sada, Vasco, Samir Shetye, who was charged with murdering his wife, Rupa alias Samiksha Shetye, after confining her in a room, was acquitted of all charges by the sessions court, Margao.Additional sessions judge, Desmond D'Costa, in his judgement, absolved the accused of all charges, as the court relied on the evidence produced by the defense advocate that the accused was undergoing psychiatric treatment at the time when he committed the crime.According to the chargesheet filed in the court by the police, the accused had stabbed his wife with a knife in her abdomen on December 1, 2009. Though she later recovered to some extent, she ultimately succumbed to her injuries on September 6, 2010.In her statements to the police before her death, the victim had stated that she was assaulted by her husband, but had also mentioned that he was of an unsound mind.The police had initially booked the case against the accused under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code; however, following the victim's death, he was charged under section 307 (murder) of the IPC. Altogether 21 witnesses were examined by the prosecution in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14482657", "title": "With fees halved, kirana shops may accept debit cards", "text": "MUMBAI: Small shopkeepers who do accept card payments may now welcome debit cards with the Reserve Bank of India halving the fees that bank charge merchants for processing card payments.In a circular issued to all banks and card payment networks , RBI has said that from July 1 the merchant discount rate - the fees charged to shops by card companies - on debt cards should not exceed 0.75% for transactions up to Rs 2,000 and below 1% for value above Rs 2,000. At present, banks charge the same fees which range from 1.8-2% irrespective of whether the payment is by debit or credit card.Banks have been justifying the MDR on the grounds that the cardholder is provided free 45 days credit, reward points and a host of other facilities which encourage them to spend. But while this is true in the case of credit cards, most of these costs are not there for debit card transactions. The only expense being incurred was the fee paid to the card company - Visa or Mastercard - for facilitating the transaction across various payment networks. There is also a cost incurred by the bank which installs the point-of-sales machine and on the online verification. Bankers say that 0.75% of the transaction more than covers up these costs.However, there is some confusion on who will reduce charges as the MDR is shared by the card issuing bank, Visa and MasterCard and the bank that has installed the point of sales terminal (acquiring bank). At present, the onus of recovering MDR is on the accquiring bank although most of it goes to the issuing bank. Card companies are seeking clarity from RBI on the extent of reduction by each player.Going ahead, this directive on charges is likely to encourage shops to provide special deals for those who shop with debit cards. Kirana shops that were not accepting cards until now may start accepting debit cards.\"Given the different nature of the two products, there is no rationale for having a similar MDR for debit and credit cards. Further, it is observed that debit cards are mostly being used for withdrawal of cash at ATMs. Given this scenario, it is necessary to encourage the use of debit cards, especially at smaller merchants/service providers and location by way of lower MDR,\" RBI said in its circular.RBI on Thursday also released its vision document for the payments system where it said that only a fraction of the one crore-plus retailers in India have card payment acceptance infrastructure - presently this number stands at just six lakhs. The vision document also envisages government moving all its transactions to the electronic mode. \"It is estimated that government subsidies alone constitute more than Rs. 2.93 trillion and if these payments are effected electronically, it may translate to 4.13 billion electronic transactions in a year,\" RBI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14477018", "title": "We need it chip in too", "text": "We get what we pay for. Sure there is corruption, bad planning and wastage. But the fact is, we also pay far less than what we need to for the quality of infrastructure we expect.Most apartments pay no more than Rs 3,000 to Rs 4,000 a year as property tax - the money that's supposed to pay for the roads and other infrastructure around our properties, and which accounts for about a third of the BBMP's revenues. We know of nice apartments in the heart of the city that pay just Rs 2,400. Many don't pay anything. BBMP estimates that 4 lakh out of 16 lakh properties in Bangalore, or 25%, don't pay property tax at all.On the contrary, look at what we pay to maintain our apartment complexes. The maintenance charge is Rs 2 per sqft or more in many cases. At Rs 2 per sqft, a person owning a 1000 sqft flat would pay Rs 24,000 a year. If it's 2,000 sqft, the total maintenance payout would be Rs 48,000, that's 12 to 16 times the property tax.Assuming there are 500 apartments (an overestimate in most cases) along a 1-km road, the total property tax collection from that entire stretch annually would be Rs 15 lakh, assuming an average payment of Rs 3,000. Just building and maintaining a 1-km road which lasts 3-4 years will cost Rs 1 crore or more. How can we then expect our corporation to do quality roads, sewerage, drainage, parks and the rest?Take parking. Across most of the modern world, people pay for parking. When you use public space to park your vehicle, you better pay; because you're using it at somebody else's cost. Yet, whenever there's a suggestion of introducing parking fees, the resistance is so overwhelming that our corporators cave in.ABIDe convener Rajeev Chandrasekhar said once that Bangalore citizens also pay one of the lowest amounts for city upkeep, compared to other major Indian cities. If we want to build a beautiful Bangalore, we have to become more generous with our contributions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14477858", "title": "Morning shower paints rural Kannur red", "text": "KANNUR: Though not for first time in the state, red rain in parts of Kannur on Thursday did create some panic and curiosity among the residents in the district. The strange phenomenon happened around 6:50am and lasted for 15 minutes. People in the 1km area in and around Edachery in Puzhati panchayat panicked as their courtyards turned blood red after rain.Kannur block panchayat president Shaija M, who collected the sample of the rainwater, said the water was as dark as black coffee and had the smell of raw beetroot. \"I thought someone killed some animal and its blood got mixed with water on the courtyard,\" she said. Akshay Sajeevan, another resident in the locality, said in his compound the colour of rainwater was a bit lighter. According to meteorological department, though red rain is a rare phenomenon, but it is no way harmful. \"I assume this is due to atmospheric pollution. The pollutants in the air get dissolved in rainwater resulting in red rain,\" said M Santhosh, director of meteorological department, Thiruvananthapuram.Normally such rains occur during the beginning of monsoon. This time it happened in the middle of the monsoon as monsoon is weak. The residents are now planning to give the sample of the red rainwater to the health department for analysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14482899", "title": "On Mobile tanks 17% on irregularity reports", "text": "MUMBAI: The stock price of OnMobile Global, a leading player in the value-added services segment in the telecom and media space, crashed 17% in Thursday's market on reports that its promoter and CEO Arvind Rao was found to have misappropriated company's funds and its board of directors have appointed an external auditor to look into the matter.Although the company denied any such move, the damage was already done with the stock on the BSE closing at Rs 33.25, down Rs 6.80 on the day, leading to a market capitalization loss of Rs 80 crore to Rs 392 crore now.During Thursday's market hours, there were reports that OnMobile's board of directors had ordered a probe against the company's promoter and CEO Arvind Rao for alleged misappropriation of funds for which an external auditor was appointed to establish the charges against Rao.The reports also said that the charges included diversion of company funds to another entity promoted by Rao and also that the company has terminated the employment of Sandhya Gupta, till recently OnMobile's M&A; head, as part of the probe.A late evening release issued by the company said all these were rumors and allegations, which were \"baseless and devoid of factual accuracy\". Interestingly, the company said that it has appointed external consultants \"to review, rework and strengthen the company's corporate governance policies, including internal control mechanisms, procurement-to-payment processes, risk management framework, succession planning, etc\", as part of the \"OnMobile 2020\" strategy, which was announced last year. The company said that Rao was not being investigated by the board for any misappropriation of funds. Rao, while continuing as the MD, will spearhead the international business and \"ensure that the rest of the business gets adequate focus, the day-to-day operations of the company are being overseen by a sub committee of the board\" .The company also said that Gupta had resigned for purely personal reasons earlier this year and there were no allegations of any wrongdoing against her. Also, OnMobile said that the appointments of external consultants were part of the \"OnMobile 2020\" strategy, which was announced last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14482522", "title": "Unaided minority schools not under RTE ambit: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Unaided minority schools cannot be compelled to admit students from weaker sections of the society as provided for under the Right to Education Act, 2009, as they are beyond the ambit of the law, the Madras high court has said.Justice K Chandru, citing a recent Surpeme Court order holding that Sections 12(1)(c) and 18(3) of the RTE Act will not be applicable to unaided minority schools, on Wednesday said he could not direct minority schools to entertain claims from such students.The matter relates to a petition filed by S Gnanavel, who submitted that St Joseph of Cluny Matriculation Higher Secondary School at Neyveli had refused to admit his daughter in LKG. Challenging the refusal of the school management, he cited the RTE Act and said the management had declined admission saying there was no vacancy to accommodate the child.The school, on its part, contended that since it was an unaided religious minority institution enjoying protection under Article 30(1) of the Constitution, the provisions of the RTE Act would not apply to it.Concurring with its submissions, Justice Chandru said the constitutional validity of the Act was challenged before the Supreme Court, which earlier this year held that the two key clauses in the Act infringed on the fundamental freedom guaranteed to unaided minority schools under Article 30(1) of the Constitution and hence it would not apply to such schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14475652", "title": "Woman lodges complaint of dowry harassment", "text": "CALANGUTE: Soniya Chavan, who resides in the Tito's lane in Baga, Calangute, has lodged a complaint with the Calangute police that her husband, along with his family members, has been allegedly constantly harassing her for dowry since they got married on November 3, 2011.In her complaint she has named her husband, Ravi Chavan, along with other members of his family whose names were given as Kellavva Chavan, Shitoli Chavan, Paresh Chavan and Shanti Chavan, all originally from Bagavi, Gadag, Karnataka.She has claimed that her husband's family members allegedly constantly subjected her to cruelty and tortured her for dowry.A complaint has been registered under Section 133/12, Section 498-A read with 34 of the IPC and Section 4 of the Dowry Prohibition Act, 1961.PSI Laxi Amonkar is conducting further investigations into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14493454", "title": "I don't aim for roles: Dalip Tahil", "text": "Versatile actor Dalip Tahil whom we have seen in films like Trikaal, Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak,Ishq and Ra.One is all set to play one of the most important national icons of India Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru in Rakesh Om Prakash Mehera's Bhag Milkha Bhag.\"In the last 30 years of my career I have not got the opportunities that I got in the last six months. I have got the opportunity to play Gandhi and Nehru. The privilege of playing two national icons of the nation... I just hope I don't let down the audience and they feel proud after seeing my performance on screen.\" At this stage which are the roles he is aiming at? \"I don't aim for roles now. I have been lucky to play a wide range of roles from a national leader to an absolute gangster in a Punjabi film. All I need is the role to be different and challenging,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14481451", "title": "CBSE move against rash driving", "text": "PATNA: For the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) students, the bus ride to school may get longer with new regulation issued by the CBSE board to stop the school bus drivers from rash driving.The CBSE has laid down several dos and don'ts for school buses keeping in view children's safety. It says that the school authorities shall ensure that the school buses are not permitted to overtake any other four-wheelers while carrying schoolchildren in the bus.In a city like Patna where most students travel more than 5km a day to reach school, the new order may make the bus ride longer. The question is important given the fact that many city roads are narrow and even one vehicle moving at slow speed affects the traffic. Though the CBSE circular is intended to curb rash driving and make bus travel safer for children, the point about overtaking has not gone down well with many.Sanjita Kaur, a parent, said, \"If the board sticks to its principle of no-overtaking, bus travel may increase by 20 to 30 minutes. As most parents are working and want their children ready before they leave for work, the new order will mean getting up early. This will be taxing for parents.\" Shamael Ahmad, president, private school and children welfare association, said, \"The circular says that all school buses must be fitted with speed control devices so that they do not exceed the 40 kmph limit. This would definitely increase the vehicle fees for the parents. We welcome the safety precautions for the children but the board should also keep in mind the cost effect in the process.\" Ahmad said as per the guidelines, drivers of all school buses have to be dressed in a distinctive uniform with their names inscribed on it. Installation of a fire extinguisher, annual medical check-up of drivers, first-aid box and other facilities would definitely increase the expenditure for the parents, he added.Another parent, Archana Thakur, said, \"Patna is a small city and the board should give some time to the schools and parents for the improvised system. The board said the driver should have a valid licence and at least five years of experience in driving heavy vehicles, which is important for the safety of the children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14496596", "title": "Esha Deol gets married to Bharat in Hindu ceremony", "text": "In a typical \"band baaja baraat\" style, veteran actors Hema Malini and Dharmendra's daughter Esha Deol tied the knot with businessman Bharat Takhtani today in a traditional Hindu wedding ceremony.The Bandra-based groom came to the venue on a white horse before the couple took the marriage vows around a sacred fire.Wearing a Kanjeevaram saree, Hema and her husband Dharmendra , looking dapper in a suit, welcomed the groom at the temple.Esha and Bharat got married in a south Indian style at the Iskcon temple in Juhu.Esha Deol was clad in a red and gold Kanjeevaram saree, sourced from Chennai for the wedding day by her mother, to which designer Neeta Lulla had made some changes.The couple had been dating for quite some time and had exchanged rings on February 12 this year.The wedding today was the climax of the three-day festivities that included a sangeet (music), haldi and mehndi ceremony.Besides family members like sister Ahana, Abhay Deol, several B-town celebrities were present at the occasion including Amitabh Bachchan with son Abhishek, Manoj Kumar, Vinod Khanna, Vyjayanthimala, Ramesh Sippy, Fardeen Khan, Poonam Sinha, Madhoo, Anu Malik, designer Neeta Lulla and her daughter Nishka.\"I am very much happy for Esha...it is a very happy occasion for all of us. I am happy that she is getting settled,\" Abhay Deol told reporters.\"I am here as a family member to give my blessings to the couple,\" veteran actor Manoj Kumar said.Yesteryear's actress Vyjayanthimala also said she was there to bless the \"wonderful couple\".Actor Abhishek Bachchan also wished Esha Deol.The reception will take place tomorrow at a suburban five-star hotel where personalities from film and political world would be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14498213", "title": "Viraj Bhatt is playing don in 'Bhai Ji'", "text": "Action Star Viraj Bhatt is playing Don in A Square production's Bhai Ji . The film is releasing today in Mumbai. Jointly produced by Vishal Tiwari and Satya Dubey, the former also wielded the megaphone for the movie.Bhai Ji stars Viraj Bhatt, Tanushree Chatterjee, Shikha, Deepak Bhatia and Brijesh Tripathi in pivotal roles. The movie has sizzling item numbers by Seema Singh and Prunela Ray Chaudhary.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14475668", "title": "Mining ban turns into mining sham", "text": "MARGAO: The collector of South Goa, N D Agarwal, has come under fire from activists in the mining sphere for relaxing the ban on mining transportation during the monsoons without citing any convincing reasons for its modification.Agarwal had, earlier this month, issued an order banning the movement of trucks in Quepem, Sanguem and Dharbondara talukas until September 12, in view of the threat mining trucks pose to the lives of the public, on pathetic roads during the monsoon.The order, however, was met with opposition from the mining companies and the truck owners association, which made representations to the district collector how their business, employment and financial conditions were adversely affected by his order.Considering the representations, Agarwal modified his earlier order on Wednesday, to now allow transportation of only washed ore/lumps in Quepem, Sanguem and Dharbondara talukas during the monsoon with certain conditions.What's significant is that the collector has placed on record that he has not found the representations made by the mining companies convincing enough to lift the total ban. \"I am not in total agreement with the representations made before me to lift the total ban on transportation by mining trucks... as health and safety of the citizens are always to be considered top priority,\" Agarwal said in his order relaxing the ban.Corporate management consultant Rajendra Kakodkar, speaking to TOI, questioned the rationale behind relaxing the order within days of it being issued, when there was no change in the circumstances that prompted the collector to issue the first order .\"It appears that the collector has acted under pressure from certain quarters, as it is obvious that the conditions imposed by him while relaxing the ban are just eyewash. The cause of the threat to the lives of the public posed by mining trucks during ore transportation has to be removed first. What's most important is that the authorities should check the stacks of ore for their moisture content. Secondly, they should ensure that throughout its transportation, the moisture content of the cargo does not exceed permissible limits (say 5-6%), so that there is no spillage of the contents on the roads,\" Kakodkar said.Pradeep Kakodkar, a chartered accountant and a convenor of the 'Mining Bypass', expressing his disapproval over the relaxation of the ban, said that the conditions were \"meaningless\" and therefore the relaxation of the bad was \"as good as withdrawing the order\". \"These conditions are not something new. We are well aware how transportation is being carried out by breaching even the high court's guidelines. The problem here is the absence of an effective monitoring mechanism to check the violations,\" he said.He suggested that an effective solution would have been to let the ban be in force and the government additionally take steps to provide financial assistance to the dependents of the mining trade who would be affected by the ban. \"The government could also work out some relief plan like gestation period, in coordination with the banks, to allow easy repayment of loans for those who had availed finance for purchasing trucks, etc,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14484206", "title": "Taps in Mogappair, Anna Nagar go dry", "text": "CHENNAI: Many areas in Anna Nagar West Extension and Mogappair have been without water for a fortnight, say residents. Power outages and fluctuations have made it difficult for Metrowater to ensure an adequate supply, they say.The worst-affected have been three blocks in the Tamil Nadu Housing Board quarters and Nakeeran Street and Veeravanmunivar Street in East Mogappair and some areas in Anna Nagar west extension. Also affected were some tail-end areas of the distribution network. Several sumps in these areas and other areas, including Korattur and TVS Colony, couldn't be supplied water due to low pressure in the pipelines. \"Elders like us cannot wait in queues before street taps to collect water. We need to store water in sumps. Our sumps have remained dry for weeks,\" said S Bakiyam (62) of East Mogappair.While residents of apartment complexes, which have large sumps, can buy from private tankers, those in individual houses find it difficult as they don't have large sumps. \"New pipelines laid two years ago have not been put to use while the existing one is dry,\" said S Lakshman of Anna Nagar west.Power outages, sources in Metrowater said, were among the major reasons why they were unable to maintain an adequate supply, especially to tail-end areas. They were able to pump only 60-70% of the required quantity into the pipeline during power cuts, the sources said. Overuse of piped water was another reason for the shortage, they added. \"As most wells are dry, people use Metrowater for all purposes but our supply is stagnant. Those near distribution stations get enough water due to high pressure and overuse by this segment makes the pipeline dry before the tail-end areas can be supplied,\" said sources.Mogappair, part of eight divisions under Ambattur zone of Chennai Metrowater, has around 20,000 connections. Of the 50 MLD (million litres per day) supplied to Ambattur Zone, Mogappair East alone gets around 2.5MLD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14477150", "title": "Armed goons rob 2 at ITO", "text": "NEW DELHI: Armed goons travelling in an SUV robbed two people of several lakhs on Wednesday night. What is even more shocking is that the incident took place barely hundred meters away from the Delhi police headquarters at ITO.Dukhnath Nepal and his uncle, Madhusudan, are residents of Gangtok in Sikkim and were on their way to Paharganj in an auto when the incident took place. According to the victims, they had got down at Anand Vihar railway station and were heading home when \"suddenly, a white Innova overtook them. Four people, armed with daggers and knives, got out of the car and threatened us to hand over the belongings,\" the victims told cops.The accused took away their suitcase, a laptop bag, jewellery, cellphones and around Rs 14,000 cash and fled. A case of armed robbery has been registered, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14482163", "title": "State Roadways Transport Corporation\u2019s authorised ticketing portal denies fraud charges", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh State Roadways Transport Corporation's authorised ticketing portal, Abhibus, on Thursday, said that no private or non-UPSRTC buses are being booked at upsrtc.abhibus.com or upsrtc.com website. \"As per the agreement with UPSRTC, Abhibus has entered into an agreement with reputed franchisees that are providing ticket selling services in various modes of transport,\" said NMRK Reddy, vice-president, sales and PR, Abhibus Services (India) Pvt Ltd.It was on June 16 that the regional transport office, Lucknow, had caught unauthorised private buses running between Lucknow and Delhi.The enforcement officers said the fraud was traced to the online ticket booking system. On Lucknow-Delhi route, only UPSRTC buses are authorised to run.The private buses running on the route are the ones authorised by the UPSRTC.The passengers of the unauthorised private buses, which were caught by RTO officers, had tickets generated by travelyari.com and redbus.com. Since, UPSRTC has authorised Abhibus.com to book online bus tickets, the enforcement officers were of the view that Abhibus has sub-let the service to other booking sites. The Abhibus, however, denied it was so.The Abhibus officers who were in the city, on Thursday, said that Abhibus has ensured that necessary access links are provided to these franchisees for selling UPSRTC tickets online. It is not possible to buy a ticket of any bus not belonging to UPSRTC from the official UPSRTC portal.The official ticketing portal of UPSRTC is made available for purchasing tickets online. UPSRTC tickets are also made available through various franchisee networks (makemytrip, one-stop-shop, viaworld etc.) to increase the reach of tickets through agents present at every nook and corner of the streets keeping in mind the travelling public who do not have access to internet or internet-based booking or who are located far from the bus stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14478536", "title": "NIA, Mumbai crime branch seek Abu Jundal's custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three security agencies \u2014 two from Mumbai and the National Investigating Agency (NIA) \u2014 on Thursday moved a trial court in the capital seeking custody of key 26/11 handler Abu Jundal to interrogate him in connection with several terror strikes in the country.While Mumbai Police and Mumbai crime branch separately moved the court of the chief metropolitan magistrate seeking Jundal's custody on the ground that they wanted to confront him with Ajmal Kasab , the lone surviving 26/11 gunman, the NIA sought custody of the Lashkar terrorist in connection with an FIR lodged on June 8, 2012 in a terrorism case in the capital.The court decided to hear the applications filed by the Mumbai agencies on July 5 when it will also decide the application of Maharashtra Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) seeking custodial interrogation of Jundal for Mumbai serial blasts since 2006.The magistrate put up NIA's application for hearing on July 4.The NIA came to the CMM's court armed with an order issued on Thursday morning by a designated NIA court, which said Jundal's custody be handed over to it for interrogation. It sought direction from the trial court for his production before the designated NIA court on July 6.The NIA had registered the FIR against Jundal and his Aurangabad arms haul case associate Fayyaz Kagzi for being part of a terror organization. The agency claimed they were amassing explosive substances like ammonium nitrate for carrying out blasts in the country.Jundal had trained the 10 Pakistani terrorists who attacked Mumbai on November 26, 2008, besides teaching them basic Hindi and apprising them with Mumbai's topography.The three new applications came a day after the CMM had refused to grant Jundal's custody to Mumbai Police in connection with various cases of murder, attempt to murder and other offences under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Arms Act being probed by it.Jundal was arrested by the Special Cell of Delhi Police in connection with an FIR registered on November 22, 2011 relating to the arrest of Indian Mujahideen operatives and is also being interrogated for his involvement in Jama Masjid, German Bakery and Chinnaswamy Stadium blasts.He has been booked under various provisions of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, the Explosive Substances Act, the Passport Act and various sections of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480674", "title": "Roads hit as GHMC, R&B; beat about bush", "text": "HYDERABAD: A two-kilometre stretch between Rasoolpura and Begumpet lies as glaring proof of the lack of coordination between Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and Roads and Buildings (R&B;) department, all at the expense of motorists for whom negotiating this length of road is nothing short of a bone-jarring nightmare.This stretch was dug up a few months back by the Central Power Distribution Company Ltd (CPDCL) for laying of an electric cable. Although it has been a month since the work was completed, the stretch is yet to be recarpeted.The government wings which have been mandated to attend to road maintenance viz. GHMC and R&B; departments, are not attending to their duties despite requests from commuters. Civic officials claim that the road falls under R&B;'s jurisdiction as it had collected road-cutting charges from CPDCL for digging up of the stretch.Thus, the lack of coordination between two important government departments is causing problems in the city, especially when it comes to road maintenance. About 150km length of roads in the core city fall under R&B;'s city division including SP Road, Lakdi-ka-pul, MG Road, KCP Guesthouse-Taj Krishna road, Banjara Hills Road Nos 1, 2 and 3, Jubilee Hills Road No.36 up to Madhapur, Osmania University-Tarnaka Road, Uppal-LB Nagar, Masab Tank-Mehdipatnam stretches.But with a vast jurisdiction and low manpower, R&B; has not been able to attend to its road-maintenance duties, leaving it to GHMC to carry out repairs. And, although the corporation has been taking up repairs on these stretches, it is only for VVIP visits to the city.With R&B; officials claiming they did not have sufficient manpower to take up regular maintenance, GHMC offered to take charge of the roads in 2007 when the then commissioner, CVSK Sarma, wrote to the former asking it to transfer these roads to the corporation's care.Civic officials recall that they had repaired 21 R&B; roads in 2008 upon the orders of the then chief minister when these stretches got damaged in the rains. Although GHMC had incurred an expenditure of Rs 11 crore for the repair work, R&B; is yet to reimburse it for the same.\"Recently, GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu wrote to R&B; principal secretary SP Singh asking him to transfer R&B; city division roads and pay Rs 25 crore per annum for their maintenance. As the city will host an international convention on biodiversity in October, maintenance of these roads has to be taken up,\" GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh said. However, the R&B; department is not too keen on the proposal.When contacted, R&B; superintending engineer (city roads) V Chinna Reddy said they would recarpet SP Road only after the monsoon had passes as the Water Board has plans to lay pipelines along the stretch. On the question of handing over R&B; roads, the superintending engineer said the department has not taken any decision on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14476432", "title": "Wheels of fortune: Bike rental business booms", "text": "PANAJI: Apart from making it convenient for riders to explore on their own, they are also more economical for tourists. With Goa now seeing tourists visiting the state throughout the year and the tourists preferring rented motorbikes over taxis, the rent-a-bike business is booming.Today there are 19,193 rented two-wheelers operational in the state and some operators have over 50 bikes for hire.The number of rented motorbikes has steadily increased over the years. Slightly over a decade ago, there were less than a hundred two-wheelers on rent. Data from the state transport department shows that the number of such bikes registered in the year 1999-00 was 85. This number jumped to 354 in 2001-02 and there was almost a five-fold increase in 2006-07 with 1,543 two-wheelers being registered for the purpose of hire. In 2008, the number of rented two-wheelers registered with the transport department stood at 2,154 and jumped to 3,798 in 2011-12. Till date, 19,820 such vehicles have been registered.Tourists prefer self-driven bikes as they are more convenient, and cheaper than tourist taxis which usually operate without meters and are often accused of cheating customers with exorbitant fares. \"With a rented bike I can go anywhere and do not need to depend on someone else for transportation,\" said a domestic tourist. Rented bikes are popular even among foreigners, many of whom prefer Bullets.Also, two-wheelers do not entail any waiting charges beyond the daily cost of hiring the vehicle. The average cost of hiring a vehicle is Rs 250 per day for a non-geared bike. This can however vary with the type of bike and the higher end motorbikes cost more.A Panaji-based rent-a-bike operator who requested anonymity told TOI that the biggest problem operators face is stealing of bikes. Some customers provide fake laminated identification and hence are not traceable. The cost is recovered from insurance but this is a long process, he added.Operators now keep an original ID proof plus a photocopy of the driving licence. They also verify other details like the contact number and place of resident or hotel before hiring out the bike.In cases of accidents, the cost of damage is recovered from the customer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14500152", "title": "Apple store sells inferior iPod, told to pay Rs 17.4K", "text": "NEW DELHI: An authorised store for Apple products, iWorld Business Solutions Pvt Ltd (iWorld), has been asked by a consumer forum here to pay Rs 17,400 to a medical student for deceiving him by selling him an \"inferior iPod\".The North District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum held that iWorld, a premium reseller of Apple products, \"practiced deception\" by selling Ankit Singhal, a medical student, a second generation iPod by \"representing\" it as third generation and directed it to refund the cost of the gadget.\"When the customer demanded third generation iPod, it was duty of the seller to sell only third-generation iPod. In the present case complainant (Ankit Singhal) was sold a second-generation iPod representing it to be a third-generation which is in the nature of deception practiced upon a customer just to sell inferior iPod.\"\"The thing sold did not conform to its description. In the circumstances we are of the view that complainant is entitled for refund of amount of iPod. Accordingly, we direct the opposite party (iWorld) to refund the amount of Rs 12,400, the price of the iPod,\" the bench presided by Babu Lal said.Ankit Singhal, a student of Maulana Azad Medical College, had alleged that he had asked for a third-generation iPod but the iWorld had sold him a second-generation product instead.He had said the invoice given by the store showed the iPod as third-generation, but later when he had checked its details on the Apple website he found it to be second generation.Singhal had said that despite his requests, the store neither replaced the iPod nor refunded the amount paid by him.He said he had bought the iPod for Rs 12,400 from the iWorld, as he required it for the purpose of his studies.The forum had proceeded ex-parte against iWorld as no one appeared for it and directed the retailer to collect the iPod from Singhal at its own expense and pay him the Rs 12,400 as refund and a sum of Rs 5,000 as litigation cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14493837", "title": "Shashank Vyas would love to play a negative role!", "text": "Shashank Vyas, popularly known as Jagya on Colors TV's Balika Vadhu, would like to turn a shade negative.Not literally of course! Only on the small screen. Shashank's character Jagya is undergoing a lot of change in Balika Vadh u. With his divorce round the corner and with his family putting forth Anandi's marriage proposal to Shiv, all is not well in his paradise. With his constant male ego coming in the way between his and Gauri's relationship, Shashank feels that \"Jagya can never be a happy character\".But he doesn't he get bored of playing Jagya's role for over two years now. \"Jagya's character is full of spices and he has many shades to him\". But is he content playing just Jagya? \" Yes I'm happy because it also brings me my bread and butter\" however adding, \"I would love to play a negative role because with a negative character, you have a lot of freedom to play around\".We're waiting patiently for that day Shashank!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14483997", "title": "Monsoon not before July 15: Met", "text": "JAIPUR: Heat wave continued to lash the state while the South-West monsoon, which is expected to hit the state by July 1, remained elusive. The ongoing climatic pattern has indicated that monsoon will arrive late in Rajasthan. Recent forecast says that the state is unlikely witness rains before July 15. Churu remained the hottest recording a maximum temperature of 42.8 degrees Celsius.Attributing the continued spell of the heat and delay in the monsoon to the active upper air cyclonic circulation over North-West Bay of Bengal and adjoining Gangetic West Bengal and Orissa coasts, the met office said that the pattern will remain same for at least next 48 hours.Usually, the South-West monsoon enters Rajasthan after its arrival in Mumbai and Gujarat. Since it has already covered Mumbai and western Gujarat, there was an expectation that it will soon reach Rajasthan.A Met official said, \"The widespread activity of the South-West monsoon has been slowed down due to the upper air cyclonic circulation. Even in the parts of Gujarat, which witnessed monsoon showers last week, there has been no rain for the past three days. Weakening of monsoon is being witnessed across the country, even in Kerala.\"Jaipurities continued to endure the unrelenting heat with the maximum temperature touching 39.8 degrees Celsius. The relative higher humidity levels of up to 55% also made the heat intolerable. Roads wore an empty look in the afternoon while in the evening people from every walk of life thronged at hang-out joints to beat the heat.During middle of the June when mild to moderate showers were witnessed across the state especially in the southern Rajasthan, a timely arrival of the monsoon was expected.In rest of the state, weather conditions mainly remained dry and heat waves prevailed. Churu was followed by Sriganganagar that recorded a maximum temperature of 42.8 degrees Celsius, Pilani 41.2, Kota 40.9, Chittorgarh 40.6, Barmer 40.0, Jaisalmer 39.5 and Jodhpur recorded a maximum temperature of 38.4 degrees Celsius. = Driver 'kills' kin, surrendersJAIPUR: Fifty-year-old Jagdish Singh, Rajasthan Roadways' driver, did the usual thing that most drivers would have done soon after an accident. He fled the the spot to save himself from public ire after his bus ran over two youths killing them on the spot in Karauli's Sadar police station area on Thursday morning.However, after reaching home, he realised that he had mowed down the sons of his younger brother!His vehicle had developed a tech snag, lost balance and rammed a bike. He fled the spot and reached home. But little did he know that his deeds were so heinous that it was enough to finish off his younger's brothers dreams. Jagdish reached the police station and surrendered.\"Shatrughan Singh (20) and Parikshak Singh (25) - both brothers - were on their way to Karauli from their native village Rampura when the incident occurred. The bus rammed their bike,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14495143", "title": "Kamala Cinemas with DCI and RDC projections", "text": "Kamala Cinemas located in Vadapalani will have DCI(Digital Cinema Initiatives) and RDC(Real Digital Cinema) projection systems. This DCI shows movies in high resolution with the 2K format using the high end BARCO projectors and servers. The Silver Screen adopted enhances in reflecting the light better for 3D projections. Along with the 2k projection system the cineplex has also installed RDC the advanced 3D projection system, for a great 3D viewing experience. The Director of Kamala Cinemas Mr. CT. Valliappan hopes that 3D movies will be a huge hit, as his Cinemplex has complied with Digital Cinema in thrilling the audience in a big way. He believes in giving the best to the audience at Kamala Cinemas in quality and comfort, striving up to their slogan \"Committed to quality cinema\".Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14482728", "title": "Subbarao dampens stimulus hopes", "text": "MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India governor D Subbarao has said that the government does not have the headroom for a fiscal stimulus. The central bank has also indicated its unhappiness with the fiscal deficit position, which it sees as an impediment to rate cuts.The change of regime in the finance ministry has raised hopes of an economic stimulus package. Despite RBI's hawkish stance on inflation, the industry has been hopeful that the central bank would cut rates in its policy review in end-July. However, RBI's latest pronouncements in its Fiscal Stability Report seem to indicate that chances of a rate cut have not improved in the last few days.\"On the domestic front, slowing growth, elevated inflation and large fiscal and current account deficits are serious concerns. The already high fiscal deficit leaves little room for the government to stimulate the economy. The current account deficit is being increasingly financed by debt flows, threatening long-term sustainability,\" said D Subbarao in his foreword to the report released on Thursday.Later in the report, RBI said \"Recent trends in terms of an elevated ratio of revenue deficit to gross fiscal deficit and the increasing proportion of revenue expenditure relative to capital outlays are also disquieting. Gross financing needs of the government remain high with consequent impact on private investment and growth.\"While the continued strength of the financial system and the softening oil prices are seen as a silver lining, RBI concerns over bad loans have increased. The report has pointed out that bad loans and restructured loans in aviation are disproportionately high and could make things difficult for the ten public sector lenders with whom the loans are concentrated.Commenting on the rapid pace of rise in bad loans, RBI said, \"Asset quality concerns persist as the growth in non-performing assets (NPAs) accelerated and continued to outpace credit growth. NPAs grew at 43.9% as at end March 2012, far outpacing credit growth of 16.3%,\" the report said. Besides bad loans, RBI has flagged increased gold coin import by banks, growth in gold loan companies, and growing interconnectedness between institutions in the financial sector as a cause for concern.The trend of rising bad loans is a continuing one according to bankers. Speaking at a CII bank technology summit in Mumbai on Thursday, SBI chairman Pratip Chaudhuri said that low economic growth may raise restructuring requirements. \"Restructuring of loans will continue going forward and the consolidation of NPAs will also continue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14482748", "title": "Time to say goodbye to guilt", "text": "According to Cathy Guisewite, the cartoonist who gently poked fun at the lives and struggles of modern women, the four basic guilt groups are food, love, career and motherhood. If guilt is best described as self-directed anger or frustration at what we did or did not do, it applies most to working women-for, at work it is what you did not do for the kids and at home it is what you did not do for work. If there is one universal thread that binds working women across nations, locations and professions, it is this enormous guilt and anxiety when combining a career with family. Each of us, at some point, has to face the dilemma of that inevitable choice between a 'so-so' career and well-brought up kids or a career trajectory overshadowed by a neglected family.Seated in Axis Bank's posh new Lower Parel office late one evening, its chief executive officer Shikha Sharma confides that in the almost three decades of her career, she has had her share of guilt. The idea of leaving children to get to work, the moments of throwing in the towel, and that eternal balancing act has taken many twists and turns, especially through the teenage years of her children, when the weight of guilt sits most heavy and unresolved, as a constant reminder of not being able to adequately fulfill either of the two roles.I ask Shikha that, having achieved so much-an even more exciting career ahead and kids who have now flown the nest-how did she deal with this guilt. She explains that somewhere through the journey there is a moment of truth when one is able to disregard the desire to be driven by other people's motives and aspirations-whether it be a parent's or husband's expectations, or the demands of children. And it is a moment that allows a woman to isolate her own needs outside the din created by her loved ones and well wishers. The realization that a career can potentially offer immense personal satisfaction goes a long way in releasing the pent-up tension in walking that tightrope. This moment of truth allows a woman to step out of her own shadows and away from the fears that dodge her in achieving her full potential.Through this process, a woman emerges with immense fortitude and confidence which in turn work towards tenacity and perseverance-a major attribute for career women in for the long haul.This realization will, hopefully, spawn a new breed of role models for more and more women to aspire to. Most women today grew up in households where their mothers, under the traditional family structure, drew their sense of fulfillment from bringing up children, from their husband's professional success and from managing family matters and relationships. Today, career aspirations share an equal platform with family responsibilities. As a result, women are stepping into a new paradigm defined by diminishing importance at home and hesitant baby steps into traditionally male-dominated work environments. In this re-definition, women struggle to draw a line between their priorities- two equally engaging and relevant spheres of life. And it does not help that today's women do not have any hand-me-down tales of wisdom and guidebooks from their mothers or grandmothers to help them navigate this evolutionary process. To resolve her dilemma, today's woman needs to throw away pre-conditioned notions and set her own boundaries, creating a balance that is unique to her. Above all, it is time to say a fond goodbye to guilt. And in doing so, she can create multiple role models for her daughters, giving them a landscape of choice. And, soon she will be creating heartwarming bed-time fairy tales featuring working mothers and children with slightly altered 'lived happily ever after' endings-a comforting thought for mothers and children alike to sleep to in the years to come.After years of juggling a high-pressure corporate career with bringing up two young daughters and a husband, Ameeta is now on a sabbatical. An IIM grad, she has held senior positions in India and in London, and is ideally placed to explore the horrors and joys of being a woman in the work place. You can write to her at womenatwork @indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14476526", "title": "Vijai urges goverment to crack down on drug trafficking in state", "text": "MARGAO: Issuing a strict warning to places in his constituency where drug trafficking allegedly takes place, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai demanded that the new government clamp down on drug trafficking activities in the state, especially at enclaves on Morjim beach.While addressing an anti-drugs awareness convention organized by the anti-narcotic cell of the excise department on Thursday at Multipurpose School hall in Borda, the independent MLA further said that even with the change in government, the nexus between the police and the drug traffickers still exists and had to be cracked.Sardesai opined that African nationals, such as those from Kenya use a certain modus operandi to overstay in Goa and that this trend of getting involved in petty crimes to allow them to stay back longer due to a lengthy prosecution process had to be stopped.He appealed to chief minister Manohar Parrikar to see that there is maximum discipline in this regard and that the government is alert and does not support any kind of favouritism in cases where the police are involved. \"Goa happens to be on the radar of agencies when it comes to drugs after recent seizures outside the state are traced back to Goa,\" Sardesai said.The first-time legislator further expressed his shock at the alleged rampant drug trafficking at certain enclaves at Morjim beach which he claimed were mostly habituated by Russians and Israelis who made it difficult for Goans to visit those areas.\"As far as Fatorda is concerned, there are reports that in certain joints, drugs are being trafficked and the younger generation, especially the student community is being targeted,\" said Sardesai, adding that he would welcome moves to create a sustained effort from the drug enforcement authorities and social workers in creating awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14480872", "title": "11/7 blast case: Maharashtra ATS probing if Abu Hamza is Abu Jundal's alias", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS), which is probing the 11/7 train blasts case, has charged one Abu Hamza for conspiracy, smuggling explosives and assembling bombs. Police sources now want to find out if Zabihuddin Ansari, alias Abu Jundal, also went by the name Abu Hamza and is the person wanted in the 11/7 case.Police sources said that Ansari could be confronted with the accused nabbed for the Aurangabad arms haul and 11/7 cases to establish if they knew him as Hamza or Ansari. Sources said Ansari used the name Jundal only during the 26/11 attacks. \"He used more than a dozen aliases. We will cross-check all the names he used and if they are connected to other cases as well,\" said a police source.Jundal is currently named in the Aurangabad arms haul and Pune German Bakery blast cases. He is also wanted in a Nashik case.While filing the 11/7 chargesheet, the ATS said that Hamza was a Pakistani national who illegally crossed the border and came to Mumbai. \"It is also possible that Hamza was an Indian national, but nobody knew it,\" said a police officer. Seven RDX bombs exploded in Mumbai local trains, killing 188 people on July 11, 2006. The ATS arrested 13 people, all Simi members, and said that around nine Pakistanis had come to India to assemble the bombs, which they did in a room in Govandi. \"The identity of two bombers in the train blasts case is still not known. The police named only five Indian bombers,\" said an officer.The Mumbai policemen said their priority would be to confirm several names and code names used by Ansari. \"We did not know that Ansari is Abu Jundal. We got suspicious only after we investigated Ajmal Kasab's Hindi tutor angle. With the emerging developments, we believe he is the same person. We have to first get evidence to establish his identity,\" a senior Crime Branch officer said. Earlier, the Mumbai police thought Abu Jundal was a Pakistani. Incidentally, the 26/11 chargesheet also mentions Abu Hamza as a wanted accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14482183", "title": "Govt wakes up to fire safety audits post Mantralaya blaze", "text": "NASHIK: After the massive blaze that gutted several floors of its headquarters, Mantralaya, in Mumbai recently, the state has asked senior officials to conduct fire audits in their respective departments, considering that fire-fighting systems are not in place in government offices. None of the government offices in Nashik, including the collectorate, paid any heed to the appeal by the fire-fighting department of the NMC in December 2011 to get fire audits done. Now, all of them are making a beeline to get it done.\"Most government offices only have no-objection certificates from the fire department but none of them possess firesafety audit certificates. We had appealed to offices in December, but unfortunately none of them responded,\" NMC's chief fire officer Anil Mahajan said.He said fire audits of some offices of the NMC had been done and the rest were about to be completed.On Thursday, the public works department (PWD) asked all government offices to get fire audits done from the supplying agencies registered and licenced by the directorate of Maharashtra fire services, and itself is in queue to get one for their own department.\"Yes, we do have fire equipment in place, but we are not sure if they are sufficient or not. None of our buildings have got fire audits done as there was no need for offices more than 15m in height to get a fire audit certificate. A no-objection certificate had been obtained,\" a senior PWD official said on condition of anonymity.It may be noted that the Maharashtra fire protection and life safety Act, 2008, makes it mandatory for all buildings more than 15m in height to conduct fire safety audits. \"Though the Act doesn't mention anything about structures that have come up before 2008, or even audits for buildings smaller than 15m, we had appealed to the offices to undertake fire audits,\" Mahajan said.Resident deputy collector Jitendra Kakusthe said, \"The collector's office does not have a fire audit certificate either. We, however, have fire extinguishers in place. We are planning to put in a request to the PWD, which owns the building, to get the things done for us.\"The district civil hospital also got fire safety measures in place only after the December 2011 fire at the AMRI Hospital in Kolkata. \"We do not have an audit as such. We are however planning to equip our people with training and other safety measures to ensure that during emergency, damage to life and property is minimum or not at all,\" civil surgeon Dr B D Pawar said. The main building of the zilla parishad is another very congested office that lacks a fire audit certificate, said deputy chief executive officer (administration) Vasudeo Solanke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14481530", "title": "Indian prisoners treated well in Pakistan: Surjeet Singh", "text": "AMRITSAR: Indian prisoners in Kot Lakhpat jail in Lahore are treated fairly well, said Surjeet Singh after spending more than 30 years there. \"They are given good treatment and I never saw anyone being tortured or mistreated in the prison,\" Surjeet told reporters.\"We were given food, clothes, medicines etc. All the basic necessities were available,\" Surjeet added.He said a few Indian inmates of Kot Lakhpat Jail, where he was lodged, had gone insane, but the jail authorities provide them medical treatment. \"Those who didn't recover were sent to Jinnah hospital in Lahore,\" he said.About Sarabjit Singh, the other Indian on death row in Pakistan, Surjeet said, \"Sarabjit is fine but he is not allowed to mingle with other inmates and spends time in his cell.\" He said he has not sent any message to his family, adding, Sarabjit and another Indian prisoner Kirpal Singh embraced Islam in the hope of getting some concession from jail authorities.\"Sarabjit is known as Sarfaraz while Kirpal's Muslim name was Mohammad Deen. They embraced Islam for concessions from jail authorities and from Pakistan government but it didn't happen,\" he said. He said he never ate food cooked in jail. He always took raw food and did his own cooking.\"I often meet Sarabjit but I wasn't allowed to meet him today,\" he said.Popularly known as Bapuji in jail, Surjeet said Sarabjit was aware of the efforts being made for his release.He said he knew about the confusion over his and Sarabjit's release. \"Both names are almost written same in Urdu so there might have been some confusion,\" he said, adding that he knew that his release orders arrived in jail.Surjeet also said he would fight for Sarabjit's freedom. \"I will do something for his release but don't ask me what,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14485177", "title": "Euro 2012 has game lovers in a thrall", "text": "CHANDIGARH: 'Euro 2012', one of the biggest global sporting carnivals, is also scoring some goals in City Beautiful. Though this extravaganza was marred by late night telecast and little local touch, gradually the football fever has gripped the city residents, who have started following it.Cutting across all age groups and professions, people are keenly following this tournament and their number is increasing as the contest is reaching at final stages. People are altering their schedules, creating a dedicated space in office to see matches, enjoying meals and drinks along with match and remaining awake till late to catch the action.\"We have made a special sports room in our office and our staff members stay till late to watch the matches. We have got a projector installed and enjoy food and drinks together while watching match on life-size screen,\" Sarthak Aggarwal, 30, who runs an IT company in Manimajra, told TOI. \"If we are not in the office, we gather at a common place to enjoy the match. We also have couple of European employees in our office and there is a very healthy contest going on,\" he added.Though Euro 2012 is a chance for many to catch the vibrant mood of the sport, but at the same time there are some budding sportspersons who are getting a chance to learn from the performance of their favourite stars.\"I love this sport to the core and am following the tournament right from the beginning. Portugal-Spain semi-final was a real nerve-racking match and it was fun watching it with close friends and my mother made special Chinese snacks for us,\" Raman Awasthy, an entrepreneur here, told TOI. Moreover, coinciding of Euro 2012 with the summer vacations in schools has added to fun of children.\"I love Cristiano Ronaldo and wanted Portugal to reach final, but all my hopes shattered last night. However, I have learnt a lot about dribbling by seeing his fast moves on screen,\" Parbhat Kaushik, a student of Class X, told TOI. Ritesh Sharma, student of Class VII, said, \"As holidays are on, so there is no problem in watching late night matches. We specially bring cold drinks and popcorns so that we can get the feel of being in the stadium.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14500111", "title": "Rain splashes coastal areas this season", "text": "PANAJI: With Pernem recording the highest amount of rainfall of 1227.2mm (48.2 inches) so far, it appears coastal areas have received more heavier rainfall than the hinterland areas in the Sahyadri foothills.Panaji also recorded 1100.2mm (about 44 inches) while Mormugao and Dabolim also received heavy rainfall of 1063.6mm and 1061.0mm respectively till Friday morning, June 29, 2012.However, Valpoi, which lies near the Sahyadri range and considered one of the wettest places in Goa received only 773.7mm, and Sanguem straight down south only 773.7mm. Canacona recorded marginally more rainfall of 938.6mm.\"The distribution of rainfall shows more rainfall in coastal areas as compared to the hinterland areas, and this is due to the wind pattern,\" K V Singh, director, meteorological centre, Altinho, Panaji said.The surface wind is weak and cloud movement is slow. \"Wherever there is cloud development, it rains and clouds do not move fast towards hinterland,\" Singh added.The decline in rainfall in the hilly Sanguem taluka has been noticed by scientists of national institute of oceanography (NIO), Dona Paula, near Panaji, in the past. They have recommended a study to assess the rainfall pattern. Overall, the distribution of rainfall is 12% in north Goa district and 13% in south Goa district. \"A rainfall of +20% or more is considered excess, +19% to -19% is normal and -20% to -59% is deficient,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14480915", "title": "SC ruling on healthcare is victory of American people: Barack Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama on Thursday said that the ruling of the Supreme Court in favour of the Affordable Healthcare Act is a victory of American people, hours after the apex court handed him with a big political gain before the November presidential elections.\"Whatever the politics, today's decision was a victory for people all over this country whose lives will be more secure because of this law and the Supreme Court's decision to uphold it,\" Obama said in his remarks from the East Room of the White House.His remarks came after the momentous decision of the apex court which said the Congress did not overstep its power by requiring nearly all Americans to buy health insurance.\"The highest court in the land has now spoken. We will continue to implement this law. We will work together to improve on it where we can. But what we won't do -- what the country can't afford to do -- is refight the political battles of two years ago, or go back to the way things were,\" he said, adding that this law has a direct impact on so many Americans.However, Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney vowed to repeal the Affordable Health Care Act if is he voted to power in the November presidential elections.\"What the court did not do on its last day in session, I will do on my first day if elected President of the United States. And that is I will act to repeal Obamacare,\" he said.\"Obamacare was bad policy yesterday. It's bad policy today. Obamacare was bad law yesterday. It's bad law today. Let me tell you why I say that. Obamacare raises taxes on the American people by approximately USD 500 billion,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14494862", "title": "80 member delegation from Pune visits Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 80 member delegation from Pune is on a four visit to Gujarat. The delegation part from meeting chief minister Narendra modi is likely to visit various corporation and study the project under taken by them.The high-level delegation of 80 builders, construction professionals and members of Pune Municipal Corporation in Maharashtra, led by Prachi Javdekar meet Narendra Modi. The delegation complimented him for adopting a successful strategy of planning and development of cities in Gujarat.The Pune delegation also expressed their desire to take part in Gujarat's urban development vision. The delegation was given a details of the state's urban development policy, transparency and good governance. It was a decade of qualitative improvement, tourism and urban development with people's participation. Kutch was a case of post-quake reconstruction.He gave details of the Dholera Special Investment Region (SIR) and said Rs 1,00,000-crore Kalpsar Project would be the world's largest artificial fresh water lake to solve water shortage for 100 years. The delegation were given the details of the Sabarmati River-front Development, Kankaria Lakefront, BRTS Jan Marg, GIFT City, Kids City, Mahatma Mandir and futuristic Metro Rail as other major projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14496570", "title": "Sameer Kochhar opposite Sakshi in Bade Achhe Laggte Hain?", "text": "Sameer Kocchar has surged ahead of his contemporaries Eijaz and Shabbir to become the top contender to play the new man in Priya's lifeA lot of names have been tossed into the air, who are being considered to play the new man in Sakshi Tanwar's reel life in Bade Achhe Laggte Hain.While the producer of the show, Ekta Kapoor was contemplating names like Eijaz Khan, Shabbir Ahluwalia and IPL host Sameer Kochhar and it seems Sameer will bag the coveted role, in all likelihood.The role as reported by us will be of a business tycoon and will fall in love with Priya (played by Sakshi). It has also been informed by our sources that Priya will be rechristened as Parineeti post the impending leap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14481007", "title": "Water Board to create data bank of consumers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Henceforth, customers can view details like their customer account number (CAN), payment details, arrears, date of pipeline sanctioned on the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;)'s public domain. The Water Board is creating a data bank about its customers and linking it to the official portal. Around 7.89 lakh customers are registered with the Water Board.\"The data bank will also have vigilance reports, cases booked against customers for using illegal motors, deviations found in pipelines and payment defaults. Public can alert the Water Board on MCC No. 155313.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14492484", "title": "RD Burman revisited", "text": "Yeh jawani hein diwani\", \"Bade achche lagte hein\", \"Humein tumse pyar kitna\", \"Musafir hun yaaron\" \u2014 Panchamda may have left us, but his golden compositions have stayed on with us forever.On his 73rd birth anniversary on Wednesday, Bhubaneswar remembered the legend. The event, held at Rabindra Mandap, saw a huge turnout. The songs, performed by Aparna, Pratyasa, Shiv, Bishnu, Randip and Bandish, gave a nostalgic high to the audience. \"I'm a great fan of Panchamda and I feel lucky to have participated in his birthday celebrations. He was a music maestro and I haven't met one person who doesn't like to listen to his songs,\" said Pratyasa. The audience had the time of their lives, especially when Randip and Bandish performed \"Ek chatur naar\". According to Purnendu Mukherjee, the evening had taken him back to his youth. \"I enjoy RD Burman's music and really wanted to attend an event where I could listen to his songs performed live. I'm glad I came here,\" said Purnendu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480621", "title": "Jagan's wait for bail continues", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Thursday reserved to July 4 its orders on the bail petition moved by Kadapa MP Jaganmohan Reddy who is facing charges in the illegal assets case. Earlier, Jagan's counsel Ram Jethmalani urged HC to strike down as illegal the arrest of his client whom he urged should be released on bail as the CBI had 'intentionally misled the court and committed perjury' to keep him in custody.Arguing on Jagan's behalf, Jethmalani told the court that CBI's claim that Jagan was allegedly trying to influence some of the witnesses was a bundle of lies. When the CBI issued a notice to Jagan asking him to appear before it on May 25, three days before he was scheduled to appear before the trial court following the summons, Jagan sought anticipatory bail, Jethmalani said.Opposing this, CBI told the court that Jagan had influenced some of the witnesses against deposing before a magistrate and argued against him being granted an anticipatory bail. This development was hotly contested by Jagan's counsel.\"It's a big lie. The CBI had before it only one witness, YSR follower Sureedu, who deposed before it as a witness but later refused to repeat his statement before a magistrate. Finally, Sureedu was ordered to be present in court on May 31. However, on May 24 itself, the investigative agency told the court that Sureedu and two other witnesses had backed out due to pressure from Jagan. This is nothing but misleading the court,\" Jethmalani said.Jethmalani charged CBI with interfering with the judicial process by arresting Jagan just a day before he was to appear before the trial court. \"The higher courts must take a serious view of this and declare CBI's action as illegal,\" he said.Responding to the CBI allegation that Jagan had been evasive in his replies to the probe agency, Jethmalani said: \"Who are you to decide whether an answer is evasive or not? You launched a case against Jagan. Now prove it with your evidence. Do not expect the accused to prove your case. He has the right to remain silent.\"Ashok Bhan, the CBI special counsel, argued that Jagan should not be granted bail at this stage since the case fulfilled such parameters as gravity of the situation,magnitude of public properties lost, non-existence of any change in circumstances since his arrest etc.Citing a Supreme Court order, the CBI counsel said: \"The duty of an investigating officer becomes more complex when crimes are committed at high places in secrecy and with dexterity. He (the investigative officer) should be allowed to deal with such crimes in any manner he feels expedient and the judiciary must complement the probe agency's efforts. These are a web of transactions and Jagan knows the connections. If he is out on bail now, it will defeat the process of law. Apart from the quid pro quo arrangement done through his father, Jagan also resorted to threats and coercion of businessmen to draw investments to his firms just to allow them to run their businesses in the state,\" the CBI counsel said.Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu, who heard either party's arguments for two days, reserved his orders to July 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14482136", "title": "NMC workers to get arrears", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Thursday announced that it would pay sixth pay commission arrears amounting to Rs 22 crore to its employees in two installments within the next two months.Accordingly, the first installment of arrears amounting to Rs 11 crore will be given in the salaries for the month of June, while the rest of the arrears will be given in the month of August.A decision to this effect was taken after a meeting of municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare and president of the NMC's employees' union Shivaji Sahane with the office-bearers of other employees unions of the NMC.City mayor Yatin Wagh said, \"The civic body already has a cash reserve of Rs 10 crore and the accounts department has also made the provision for the second installment of sixth pay commission arrears worth Rs 11 crore to be given in August.\"\"We are happy that the NMC administration has taken a very positive decision in an adverse situation. The administration has been caught in the octroi and LBT row for some time, and its financial situation is also not so good,\" said Shivaji Sahane, president, NMC employees' union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14478161", "title": "Homeless fall prey to heat strokes", "text": "GURGAON: The soaring temperatures have led to a number of people from Gurgaon succumbing to heat strokes. The summer has been especially harsh on the poor and the homeless who have been exposed to the scorching sun rays.People say that the need of the hour entails an increase in participation from local civic bodies and government health agencies to make provisions for shelters for the homeless and also provide adequate drinking water at various points for the poor.According to the chief medical officer, Dr Praveen Garg, there are no government programs which are oriented towards spreading awareness among the poor and homeless to combat the heat despite Gurgaon having severe extremities of weather.\"If we have patients who arrive with symptoms of heat stroke, they are advised to cover their heads, avoid exposure to the sun and increase intake of fluids with sodium and potassium intake,\" said Dr Garg.According to MCG commissioner, Sudhir Rajpal, the agency has a year round shelter home and have public taps at various points in the city (mainly old Gurgaon) for drinking water. It is not only the Gurgaon civil hospital but also private hospitals across the city which receive cases of heat stroke.According to Dr Ashutosh Shukla, director, Internal Medicine, Artemis Hospital, they receive several cases of heat stroke in summers. Sometimes it even leads to death. Most of such patients have been exposed to heat or to the direct sun and which result in accute dehydration and salt deficiency.Heat stroke occurs if the body cannot cool itself enough. Body temperatures rise to dangerous levels. It can happen quickly: a person's temperature can reach 41 defree C or higher within 15 minutes, causing him to collapse.Added Dr Ashok Kumar, Columbia Asia hospital, \"Heat stroke or sun stroke is a form of hyperthermia, an abnormally elevated body temperature with accompanying physical symptoms including changes in the nervous system function. Heat stroke is a true medical emergency that is often fatal if not properly and promptly treated. Severe hyperthermia is defined as a body temperature of 104 F (40 C) or higher. The body normally generates heat as a result of metabolism, and is usually able to dissipate the heat by radiation of heat through the skin or by evaporation of sweat. However, in extreme heat, high humidity, or vigorous physical exertion under the sun, the body may not be able to dissipate the heat and the body temperature rises, sometimes up to 106 F (41.1 C) or higher. Another cause of heat stroke is dehydration. A dehydrated person may not be able to sweat fast enough to dissipate heat, which causes the body temperature to rise.\"Dr Bela Sharma, senior consultant, Internal Medicine, Fortis Memorial Research Institute, Gurgaon said, \"People at extremes of age (very young and very old), alcoholics, and those on certain medications are more prone to extremes of temperature. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14478487", "title": "Gangman drugged and robbed", "text": "NAGPUR: A railway gangman was drugged and robbed of his gold chain, cell phones and credit cards at Nagpur Central Railway station on Wednesday night. M Prabhakarrao, a resident of Motibagh railway quarters, was waiting for Shivnath Express on platform no. 5 around 11pm when three youths came to him and asked for water. The youths drank some water from Prabhakarrao's bottle and returned it to him. Unbeknown to him, they added sedative in the water. Later, when Prabhakarrao drank water from the same bottle, he fell unconscious. Police said that he was lying unconscious for three hours at the platform. Prabhakarrao learnt about the robbery when he regained consciousness at a hospital. He then lodged a complaint at Government Railway Police Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14478515", "title": "Nagpur leading from front on RTE: Darda", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as schools across the state cry themselves hoarse about the challenges of implementing the 25% free seat quota Right To Education (RTE) Act, Nagpur city schools are already in final stages of completing admissions for the same. While on a visit to the city school education minister Rajendra Darda appreciated that \"Nagpur has led from the front in RTE implementation.\"\"When TOI took the initiative to host a special debate on RTE, I did not hesitate to depute my senior official Sanjay Deshmukh to be part of it. Since then, my department has been getting regular reports of progress specifically for the 25% free quota admissions and Nagpur is clearly at the forefront,\" said Darda.He added that a pan-Maharashtra performance could be gauged only on June 30 which is the date for admissions. Even though Nagpur has been at the forefront, it has not been a smooth ride. The biggest problem haunting the schools is the mandatory distance certificate to be issued by the local authority. The local authority Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC) has washed its hands off claiming lack of written orders.Darda said, \"I am aware of these issues but then schools have also been given freedom to go beyond the 1km radius and look for students. Also, this is the first year of RTE and it is natural we will run into some problems. In August, we are issuing a new notification that will address all the problems we have seen so far.\"The common question schools across the state are asking Darda's department is how the 1km distance be calculated. \"Will it be from the nearest road? Will it be the radius? Many questions have been posed and some have suggested we go for division by wards as people understand that better. So these are all aspects we are considering and will address it in August,\" he said.The recent decision by his department to exempt schools of all responsibility of student safety by outsourcing school bus service had come under some flak from parents. However, Darda clarified, \"we have now handed over the charge to transport department. They are more aware than us about safety regulations. For us, safety of students is paramount. It is not right to say we are washing our hands off the responsibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14482307", "title": "Central board students race ahead in first list of admissions", "text": "MUMBAI: Admissions to general category junior colleges seats commenced on Thursday morning and some top city colleges noticed a surge in the number of ICSE and CBSE students bagging the seats compared to state board students. College principals blamed it on the drop in state board scores.\"Since the number of 90% scorers in SSC came down by half this year, it was evident that the first merit list will see more students from other boards,\" said Kavita Rege, principal of Sathaye College, Vile Parle. She added that the rush for seats on the first day of admissions was \"unprecedented\". \"We ended up conducting admissions six hours in a row, without breaks, because too many students showed up on the first day itself,\" she added.At HR College in Churchgate, 249 out of 541 students allotted to the college confirmed their admission on the first day. \"We called students for admission in batches to avoid the rush. Still, more students showed up at the college,\" said principal Indu Shahani, adding, \"This year, ICSE and CBSE students took over state board students in the first.\"The mood on the campus, however, was very relaxed as students seemed to know the procedure well in advance. Prevy Parekh of Villa Theresa High School secured an 89.4% in the ICSE Examination and was allotted a seat at KC College, which was her second preference. \"Hopefully I'll make it to the college of first preference in the next list through the betterment feature,\" she said.Principals added that state board students have nothing to worry about as cut-offs in the second list will definitely drop. \"Of the 1.92 lakh application forms confirmed online, less than 10,000 students were from other boards. State board students still have ample opportunity to get through colleges and courses of their choice,\" said the principal of a suburban college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14475707", "title": "Socorro rises against mega projects", "text": "MAPUSA: Residents of Ambirna ward in Socorro village have demanded that the government should put all ongoing construction projects on hold and should re-examine the licences, permissions and approvals granted by the town and country planning (TCP) department.Upon complaints from the villagers, the TCP officials inspected three construction projects coming up in Ambirna in the presence of the sarpanch and the villagers.The villagers also demanded a moratorium on new projects of residential complexes coming up in the village. The villagers alleged that the government authorities particularly the TCP have approved plans playing a fraud on the people of the village.\"Trees are being felled, traditional storm water drains have been destroyed, bore wells are being dug without permissions damaging the ground water table, roads are being made over brooks and buildings are coming up with scant respect for the rules and regulations,\" said Alex Alphonso, a local resident. Linda D'Souza, referring to the proposed constructions near Datta Mandir, said 4-5 storey projects should not be allowed in villages. \"They change the very character of any village,\" she said, demanding that the government should revise the plans of the project.Villagers alleged that the TCP has been approving monstrous structures destroying the very character of thevillage. Residents complained that the government has not responded to several representations made over the last 2-3 months. Copies were also submitted to the office of the chief minister.\"When the residents of the village are not getting regular water supply from the PWD, why is the TCP approving such projects in the village,\" said Yuvraj Halarnkar, another resident. The villagers have pointed out to several irregularities such as no sewage treatment plant for the project, no proper setbacks maintained, borewells dug, approval for the height of the buildings being over the permissible limit etc.Annoyed with several irregularities, the villagers approached the panchayat demanding action. Based on the complaint by villagers, the panchayat conducted a site inspection, but it was not satisfactory for the residents here. The panchayat later wrote to the TCP for a site inspection of the three projects coming up in the ward.\"The panchayat held an inspection after the villagers opposed the three projects citing irregularities. Since the panchayat is not technically qualified, one more site inspection was carried on Thursday in the presence of the complainants, builder and the TCP officials,\" village sarpanch Sheetal Arolkar said.\"Based on the TCP approvals, the panchayat granted the licence. The TCP's site inspection report will come out and based on this report, the panchayat will take action,\" Arolkar said. Villagers also alleged that there were 3 projects coming up in Ambirna violating norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14482584", "title": "Obama care ruling set to boost desi generic cos' business", "text": "MUMBAI: The US Supreme Court's decision to uphold the constitutional validity of Barack Obama's plan to overhaul the health care for about 30 million US citizens could give a boost to Indian pharma companies. Companies focused on exporting generic formulations to the US, along with contract manufacturers and contract R&D; companies for US companies, could gain the most.After the decision came on Thursday evening, analysts were busy calculating the impact of the decision on individual companies, but they agreed this was very positive development for the industry that is globally famous for its low-cost products.\"The opportunity is definitely there (in the US). As spending on healthcare in the US rises, part of that would come to Indian contract manufacturers and contract R&D; players, and also to the generic companies,\" said Amar Ambani, head of research, India Infoline. Although the exact benefits will be visible after the programme in the US is launched, but market players said the beneficiaries would include the leading Indian pharma companies like Sun Pharma, Cipla, Lupin, Dr Reddy's, Ranbaxy and some others.On Thursday, a sharply divided US Supreme Court upheld Obama's signature healthcare overhaul law that requires that most Americans get insurance by 2014 or pay a financial penalty, Reuters reported. \"The Affordable Care Act's requirement that certain individuals pay a financial penalty for not obtaining health insurance may reasonably be characterized as a tax,\" Chief Justice John Roberts wrote for the court's majority in the opinion. \"Because the Constitution permits such a tax, it is not our role to forbid it, or to pass upon its wisdom or fairness,\" he concluded.In the US, soon after the court ruling hospital company stocks shot up, while insurance and pharma company stocks witnessed some selling. The slide in the pharma stocks was because they will have to rely more on cheaper generics than branded products, which in turn, these companies, may be forced to buy from Indian generic producers, market players said. Spending on healthcare in the US is about 16% of its GDP, which is expected to rise to 20% in a few years, analysts say.In opening trade, however, ADRs of Dr Reddy's Laboratories, the only Indian pharma company which is also listed outside India, was trading 1.1% lower on NYSE at $28.13, in line with the Dow Jones index, the benchmark index for the bourse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14482692", "title": "Road humps in Chennai to be cut to size", "text": "CHENNAI: Corporation of Chennai will soon modify or remove more than 400 speed-breakers across the city. The decision follows a series of fatal accidents due to speed breakers built in violation of the rules.The corporation's move acquired urgency after state minister Sellur K Raju's son R Tamizhmani died of injuries after he was thrown off his bike when it hit a speed bump on NSC Bose Road on Sunday night.At a meeting on Tuesday, corporation officials decided to crack down on unauthorized speed breakers. Officials on Thursday completed the process of identifying unauthorized speed breakers built in violation of guidelines set by Indian Roads Congress (IRC) across all 15 zones of the city.The speed breakers will be rebuilt to meet IRC stipulations or removed if they are unnecessary or unauthorized. However, corporation officials anticipate opposition to the move from the public.\"When a speed breaker is built according to guidelines, people complain it is ineffective,\" a corporation official said. \"A speed breaker built according to IRC guidelines will slow down vehicles. People want vehicles to come to a halt at speed breakers.\"Residents, educational and religious institutions make contractors build unauthorized humps, the official said. \" Temple, school authorities force road contractors to create a hump. The contractor just makes an obstacle out of concrete,\" another corporation official said.Resident welfare associations complain of youngsters speeding on motorcycles and demand 'effective' speed breakers, he said. A few roads in Mandaveli, where schools are located, have four speed breakers on a stretch, barely 50 metres apart.According to IRC standards, there should be at least 100m to 120m gap between two humps.Speed breakers should be 3.7m to 5m wide with a height of 10cm. Most existing road humps in Chennai are much higher and much less wide. They should also be painted with white stripes so they are visible and a warning sign put up for motorists 40m before the hump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "parawada (visakhapatnam)", "code": "14484955", "title": "Stir at Simhadri plant turns violent", "text": "PARAWADA (VISAKHAPATNAM): A war-like situation prevailed at the Simhadri plant of National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) at Tikkavanipalem in Parawada mandal on Thursday as fishermen fought pitched battle with cops even as CISF jawans opened fire in the air to disperse the agitators. Seventeen CISF jawans and local police, four fishermen and a village revenue officer (VRO) were injured in the stonepelting.Trouble began when the CISF jawans guarding the NTPC premises lathicharged the fishermen who were demanding the removal of a pipeline on the grounds that their livelihood was hit as the fish and marine species were dying due to release of effluents and hot water into the sea by the NTPC plant. The angry mob pelted stones and rained blows on them, following which the jawans fired six rounds in the air to disperse them. About 1,000 fishermen of Tikkavanipalem and surrounding villages staged a dharna demanding halt to the pump house operations.One of the seriously injured fishermen, Yesenu of Tikkavanipalem, was rushed to King George Hospital in Vizag, while two others were admitted to a nearby hospital. Luckily, no one was injured when the CISF jawans fired. City police commissioner and district collector visited the incident spot and interacted with the fishermen.The fishermen demanded the authorities to stop the pipeline works and threatened to close the existing pump house. They blocked the road with the pipes. Tension mounted when a CISF jawan chased a fisherman with lathi. Upset over this, the fisherfolk, including women, chased the CISF Jawans at the pump house and thrashed them. Local police arrived and locked up the CISF jawans inside the pump house. However, the fisherfolk said they would not relent till the jawans tender an apology to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14481995", "title": "Himachal to amend law to end bar on buying over 150 bigha land for religious institutions", "text": "SHIMLA: Religious institutions in Himachal Pradesh will soon be able to buy land over and above the limit fixed in the Himachal Pradesh Land Ceiling Act, 1972. Ahead of the assembly elections, the state government has decided to amend the act and raise the limit beyond the present limit of 150 bighas.The move is also being seen as an attempt to legalize illegal land purchases made by religious institutions in the state to win over the support of their followers.The state cabinet has approved amendments to the act with the condition that exemption would be only for land bought in the name of religious institutions.The state government will bring a bill for amendment to the act during the upcoming monsoon session of the assembly.An inquiry commission probing benami land deals in Himachal Pradesh had recently in its report mentioned one such religious institution owning 6,000 bigha land in the state.Confirming the development, principal secretary (revenue) Deepak Sanan said that exemption from ceiling is being given to religious institutes on the pattern of neighbouring states like Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan.\"In other states religious institutions are allowed to buy land without any limit, so the government has decided to allow them the same freedom in Himachal Pradesh as well,\" said Sanan.The government move has also come at a time when a one-man judicial commission of Justice D P Sood on benami land had pointed out that \"religious gurus have been using improvement trusts across the state for grabbing prime land in various towns, particularly Shimla and Dharamshala as also in rural areas, at throwaway prices\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14481100", "title": "Thief arrested, 28 tola gold seized", "text": "HYDERABAD: A thief involved in eight burglary cases was arrested by the Saidabad police from his residence in Kanchanbagh on Thursday. Police also recovered 28 tolas of gold and two kg silver from his possession.The Saidabad police said 48-year-old R Amar Singh stole 28 tolas of gold from two houses in Champapet on June 21 when the inmates were away. Amar Singh, a native of Mahbubnagar district, had committed similar offences in the past in Nalgonda, Kukatpally, Jubilee Hills and Saidabad. He was nabbed based on clues collected by the CLUES team from the two houses. \"The fingerprints of Amar Singh matched with the ones in the data bank of criminals collected by CLUES team,\" Saidabad inspector A Srinivasulu said. His modus operandi was to break locks using a rod, he added.Incidentally, he came out of jail in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14493763", "title": "Man shot dead in Imphal east in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Unidentified persons shot dead a man this morning at Nongpok Keithelmanbi in Imphal east district of Manipur, official sources said.The body of the man with two bullet wounds in his head was found at the paddy fields of Nongpok keithelmanbi under Yairipok police station, the sources said.The victim was yet to be identified. The body has been sent to the morgue of JN Institute of Medical Science and hospital, for post morning.No individual or group has claimed responsibility for the killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14480599", "title": "Jethmalani slams jailers for tying Jagan's hands", "text": "HYDERABAD: Senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani who met YS Jaganmohan Reddy at the Chanchalguda Central Prison on Thursday expressed unhappiness over all the facilities that were being denied to his client.Jethmalani spent more than half-an-hour with the YSR Congress president who is in custody as an under-trial in an illegal assets case which is being investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).\"The cases against him will go on in court but what is important now is that Jaganmohan Reddy, being a politician, should be allowed more freedom,\" Jethmalani said.The senior lawyer said that the Constitution itself provided for certain relaxations which could be extended to under-trials and convicts. \"Jagan is entitled to more liberty as he is a politician. This is an issue that the media too has to take up,\" Jethmalani said.Jethmalani's allusion was to the recent instances where Jagan's uncle YS Vivekananda Reddy, and, before that, presidential aspirant PA Sangma were refused permission to meet the Kadapa MP in jail.Jagan too has been knocking on the doors of the courts to secure bail but to little effect.There were no other visitors for Jagan on the day with jail authorities having firmly informed his family that they are entitled to only two visits a week. A third visit may be allowed if the jail authorities are satisfied that the need is extraordinary.According to sources, Jagan's family is expected to pay a visit to him on Friday. Some Jagan supporters who came from Vijayawada and other parts of the state spent several hours in front of the jail despite being told by prison officials that they would not be meeting him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14476567", "title": "New police chief an old anti-terror hand", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just as the city police are getting into the thick of the 26/11 probe, a veteran anti-terror hand has been appointed to lead them. Neeraj Kumar, who will take over as police commissioner from BK Gupta on June 30, knows the city well. Known as a man of action, he left a trail of famous encounters during his last stint here as joint commissioner in the late '90s and the early 2000s. The shootouts at Ansal Plaza, Millennium Park, Tughlaqabad Fort, Najafgarh and Lotus Temple are still fresh in public memory.A 1976 batch AGMUT cadre IPS officer, Kumar will be the second consecutive police chief to have served as director general of Tihar. As he gears up to head the 85,000-strong force, Kumar told TOI, \"It's an honour to be the head of Delhi Police. I will do my best\".Kumar's appointment was long anticipated, however, the delayed announcement by the home ministry led to speculation about other names as well, including Ajay Chaddha, who had already been appointed in the ministry. Rumours increased after word about Kanwaljeet Deol, a senior IPS officer posted in Arunachal Pradesh, writing to the ministry spread.Kumar will take charge of Delhi at a time when nine of the city's 10 most-wanted criminals are at large. He will also have to oversee completion of unfinished projects.A Stephen's graduate, Kumar joined Delhi Police as ACP Chanakyapuri and subsequently played a key role in the police arrangements for the Asian Games. As DCP South, he put an end to a series of violent murders by members of a tribe. He was also able to contain the Mandal riots in south Delhi. As DCP Crime, he unearthed the racket in state-run lotteries, in 1992. He served in the CBI till 2002.Kumar arrested Jagtar Singh Tara, the first accused to be nabbed for the assassination of Punjab CM Beant Singh, leading to the unraveling of the entire conspiracy.While in CBI, he also led the investigation into the serial blasts that took place in Mumbai. His other achievements include arresting members of the Memon family and cracking the serial train blast cases of 1994, deportation of American Center attack mastermind Aftab Ansari from Dubai, and cracking the cricket match fixing scandal.Other highlights of his CBI tenure include solving the Meenakshi Amman Temple blast case in Madurai, unearthing the UTI scam, arresting Abdul Lateef, a notorious underworld don of Gujarat, and Romesh Sharma, a Dawood Ibrahim henchman masquerading as a politician in Delhi.He was posted as DGP, Goa where he cracked down on the drug mafia and the Russians who were reportedly grabbing land on a massive scale, besides trafficking drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14495319", "title": "I refuse to be chased off Twitter: Omar", "text": "SRINAGAR: Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah on Friday said he would not be chased off the social networking site Twitter by online \"trolls\"\"Some times I ask myself what I'm doing here (on Twitter), I guess I refuse to be chased off by trolls,\" Omar wrote on Twitter.Omar is one of the several high-profile politicians in the country who share their views on the micro-blogging site.The chief minister has to often face hostilities on Twitter where users continuously taunt and abuse him.In the Internet slang, 'trolls' are those users who post on an online group with the sole purpose of disrupting the discussion.In 2008, Omar had to shut his blog after facing \"heaps of personal abuse\" by users.The chief minister on Thursday faced an online 'taunt' that \"in Kashmir CM stands for Curfew Minister\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-29"}
